However, the jury said it believes "these two offices should be combined to achieve greater efficiency and reduce the cost of administration".
The jury also commented on the Fulton ordinary's court which has been under fire for its practices in the appointment of appraisers, guardians and administrators and the awarding of fees and compensation.
Fulton legislators "work with city officials to pass enabling legislation that will permit the establishment of a fair and equitable" pension plan for city employes.
The Hartsfield home is at 637 E. Pelham Rd. Aj.
Despite the warning, there was a unanimous vote to enter a candidate, according to Republicans who attended.
Before adjournment Monday afternoon, the Senate is expected to approve a study of the number of legislators allotted to rural and urban areas to determine what adjustments should be made.
The Highway Department source told The Constitution, however, that Vandiver has not been consulted yet about the plans to issue the new rural roads bonds.
But he added that none of Georgia's congressmen specifically asked him to offer the resolution.
I didn't smell a drop of liquor, and we didn't have a bit of trouble".
Austin, Texas
Dewey Lawrence, a Tyler lawyer representing the Texas Bankers Association, sounded the opposition keynote when he said it would force banks to violate their contractual obligations with depositors and undermine the confidence of bank customers.
There was no debate as the Senate passed the bill on to the House.
A House committee which heard his local option proposal is expected to give it a favorable report, although the resolution faces hard sledding later.
Instead, retailers would sign a certificate of correctness, violation of which would carry a penalty of one to five years in prison, plus a $1,000 fine.
The West Texan reported that he had finally gotten Chairman Bill Hollowell of the committee to set it for public hearing on Feb. 22.
Cotten construed this as a veiled effort by Parkhouse to help Dallas and other large cities get money which Cotten felt could better be spent providing water for rural Texas.
Grover also would require junior-senior high teachers to have at least 24 semester hours credit in the subject they are teaching.
In addition, Dr. Clark has studied at Rhode Island State College and Massachusetts Institute of Technology.
The monthly cost of ADC to more than 100,000 recipients in the county is 4.4 million dollars, said C. Virgil Martin, president of Carson Pirie Scott & Co., committee chairman.
Bellows made the disclosure when he asked Judge Parsons to grant his client, Alan Clements, 30, a separate trial.
Washington, July 24
Karns'ruling pertained to eight of the 10 cases.
Faced seven cases
The President, in a special message to Congress, tied in with his aged care plan requests for large federal grants to finance medical and dental scholarships, build 20 new medical and 20 new dental schools, and expand child health care and general medical research.
Officials estimated the annual tax boost for the medical plan would amount to 1.5 billion dollars and that medical benefits paid out would run 1 billion or more in the first year, 1963.
3
Every person will choose his own doctor and hospital".
In addition, the government would pay a $1,000 "cost of education" grant to the schools for each $1,500 in scholarship grants.
The President said he will ask Congress to increase grants to states for vocational rehabilitation.
Halleck said the voluntary care plan enacted last year should be given a fair trial first.
Oslo
Canada alone has been somewhat out of step with the Oslo attempt to get all the allied cars back on the track behind the NATO locomotive.
The Secretary of State has also solemnly repeated a warning to the Soviet Union that the United States will not stand for another setback in Berlin, an affirmation once again taken up by the council as a whole.
They count on the aid of the neutral countries attending the Geneva conference to achieve this.
Former Vice-President Richard M. Nixon in Detroit called for a firmer and tougher policy toward the Soviet Union.
Detente urged
Policies on nuclear test ban negotiations were reviewed and changed.
)
The President is deeply concerned over this problem and its effect upon the "vitality of the nation".
East Providence now has no civil defense program.
Matching funds also can be obtained for procurement of such items as radios, sirens and rescue trucks, he said.
Other steps would be developed after information drifts down to the local level from the federal government.
The governor wrote Miss Grant that he has been concerned for some time "with the continuous problem which confronts our local and state law enforcement officers as a result of the laws regulating Sunday sales".
They "operate on a volume basis", it was contended, "and are not essential to provide the more limited but vital shopping needs of the community".
He said that when he was a Socialist in 1910, the party called for government operation of all utilities and the pooling of all resources.
He explained that by law the council must establish procedures for a vote on the issue within 60 days after the board of canvassers completes its work.
"Our most immediate goal is to increase public awareness of the movement", he indicated, "and to tell them what this will mean for the town".
At present all offenses must be taken to Sixth District Court for disposition.
Mitchell said the statement should become a major issue in the primary and the fall campaign.
He then launched into what the issues should be in the campaign.
Defends Ike
Sandman told the gathering that reports from workers on a local level all over the state indicate that Jones will be chosen the Republican Party's nominee with the largest majority given a candidate in recent years.
The proposal, Sheets said, represents part of his program for election reforms necessary to make democracy in New Jersey more than a "lip service word".
A citation from Conservation Commissioner Salvatore A. Bontempo credits his supervision with a reduction in the number of forest fires in the state.
He said, "We Democrats must resolve our issues on the test of what is right and just, and not what is expedient at the time".
"We must keep the bloodstream of New Jersey clean", the former Superior Court judge said.
Hughes would not comment on tax reforms or other issues in which the Republican candidates are involved.
She served one four-year term on the national committee.
In an apparent effort to head off such a rival primary slate, Mr. Wagner talked by telephone yesterday with Representative Charles A. Buckley, the Bronx Democratic leader, and with Joseph T. Sharkey, the Brooklyn Democratic leader.
The Mayor spoke yesterday at the United Irish Counties Feis on the Hunter College Campus in the Bronx.
"The hand is out".
The state Public Works Department is accused of having spent $8,555 to build a private beach for a state judge on his waterfront property.
Leadership is hopeful
Mr. Delaney and Mr. O'Neill are not willing to vote on the public-school measure until the defense education bill clears the House Education and Labor Committee.
When he protested, the hotel owner said:
Can religious agencies use Government funds and Peace Corps personnel in their projects and still preserve the constitutional requirement on separation of church and state?
In 1960 more than 6,000 Communist technicians were present in those countries.
The jobs formula is understood to follow these lines:
An agreement among the Princes on a coalition government would ease their task, diplomats conceded.
The meetings in Zurich, the statement said, would deal only with principles that would guide the three factors in their search for a coalition Government.
Washington
In the early spring of 1913 a few hundred thousand persons turned out to watch 5000 women parade.
About 16,000 military members of all branches of the armed forces will take part in the parade.
Even for those who have been observing the political scene a long time, no script from the past is worth very much in gazing into the state's immediate political future.
The odds favor a special session, more than likely early in the year.
Barnett, as the titular head of the Democratic party, apparently must make the move to reestablish relations with the national Democratic party or see a movement come from the loyalist ranks to completely bypass him as a party functionary.
But the tardiness of the administration in making the dedication has caused legislators to suspect the tax bill was related more directly to an over-all shortage of cash than to segregation.
Many legislators are already weary and frustrated over the so-far losing battle to block token integration.
It could become an acute problem in the coming fiscal year.
Any tax bill also will revive allegations that some of his followers have been using their administration affiliations imprudently to profit themselves.
The signature of Harold V. Varani, former director of architecture and engineering in the Department of Public Property, appeared on payment vouchers certifying work on the project.
Travelers Indemnity Co. and the Continental Casualty Co.
Berger's decision to sue for the full amount of the performance bond was questioned by Wagner in the morning press conference.
"The PTC is investigating the whole matter", Pratt said.
Revenue estimated
Backs higher fees
The City Planning Commission on Tuesday approved agreements between two redevelopers and the Redevelopment Authority for the purchase of land in the $300,000,000 Eastwick Redevelopment Area project.
The plan calls for dividing the project into 16 sectors which would be barred to vehicular traffic.
"I'd just turned on the ignition when there was a big flash and I was lying on the driveway", he said.
Led fight on teamsters
By-passing the military junta which has ruled Turkey since the overthrow of Premier Adnan Menderes 17 months ago, the army general staff, led by Gen. Cedvet Sunay, had set a deadline for the parties to join in a national coalition government.
Helping foreign countries to build a sound political structure is more important than aiding them economically, E. M. Martin, assistant secretary of state for economic affairs told members of the World Affairs Council Monday night.
Individual help best
Dr. Melvin W. Barnes, superintendent, said he thought the schools were waiting for some leadership, perhaps on the national level, to make sure that whatever steps of planning they took would "be more fruitful", and that he had found that other school districts were not as far along in their planning as this district.
-- The statewide meeting of war mothers Tuesday in Salem will hear a greeting from Gov. Mark Hatfield.
Secretary of Labor Arthur Goldberg will speak Sunday night at the Masonic Temple at a $25-a-plate dinner honoring Sen. Wayne L. Morse, Aj.
Five candidates seek the place vacated by Secretary Hugh G. Stout.
The first of 16 beliefs of the denomination, now reads:
Friday afternoon the Rev. T. F. Zimmerman was reelected for his second consecutive two-year term as general superintendent of Assemblies of God.
"In 35 years we have opened 7,000 churches", the Rev. Mr. Brandt said, adding that the denomination had a national goal of one church for every 10,000 persons.
-- Engaging mature, experienced men to pioneer or open new churches in strategic population centers.
In the afternoon, defense attorneys began the presentation of their cases with opening statements, some of which had been deferred until after the government had called witnesses and presented its case.
Catcher Frank House's throw in an effort to nab Throneberry was wide and in the dirt.
Robinson doubles again
Jim Gentile bounced a hard shot off Kunkel's glove and beat it out for a single, and when Lumpe grabbed the ball and threw it over first baseman Throneberry's head Brandt took third and Gentile second on the error.
If the Orioles are to break their losing streak within the next two days, it will have to be at the expense of the American League champion New York Yankees, who come in here tomorrow for a night game and a single test Sunday afternoon.
"I feel good physically", Hansen added, "but I think I'll move better carrying a little less weight than I'm carrying now".
The famed Yankee Clipper, now retired, has been assisting as a batting coach.
J. A. W. Iglehart, chairman of the Oriole board of directors, and Public Relations Director Jack Dunn.
A bright sun and brisk wind had the track in a fast condition for the first time this week and 8,280 St. Patty Day celebrants bet $842,617 on the well-prepared program.
Then Kerr, a graduate student from Illinois, moved past him on a straightaway and held off Mills's challenge on the final turn.
-- Two errors by New York Yankee shortstop Tony Kubek in the eleventh inning donated four unearned runs and a 5-to-2 victory to the Chicago White Sox today.
A 208-pound, 6-foot 1-inch senior from Stamford, Moritz practices nothing but place-kicking.
He missed the 1955 season because of an operation on the ailing knee, then played 77 minutes in 1956.
"If you kick too much, your leg gets kinda dead", he explained.
Monday, he had four Longhorns in the top four.
"Nelson played magnificent football", Meek praised.
"He just lay back there and waited for it", Meek said.
The game players saw the Air Force film Monday, ran for 30 minutes, then went in, while the reserves scrimmaged for 45 minutes.
The Texans have two more road games -- at Buffalo and Houston -- before they play for the home folks again, and it looks as if coach Hank Stram's men will meet the Bills just as they are developing into the kind of team they were expected to be in pre-season reckonings.
"We always like to keep the ball as much as we can against Denver because they have such an explosive attack", explained Stram.
Arkansas combined 280 yards rushing with 64 yards passing (on 5 completions in 7 tosses) and a tough defense to whip TCU, and A & M, with a 38-point bulge against Texas Tech ran up its biggest total loop play since 1950.
He has given only the one pass in his 27 innings, an unusual characteristic for a southpaw.
Gaines hammered the ball over the left fence for the third Indianapolis run in the ninth.
Ed Donnelly is still bothered by a side injury and will miss his starting turn.
The White Sox had taken a 5-4 lead in the top of the sixth on a pair of pop fly hits -- a triple by Roy Sievers and single by Camilo Carreon -- a walk and a sacrifice fly.
He took a midnight train out of Cleveland Saturday, without an official word to anybody, and has stayed away from newsmen on his train trip across the nation to Reno, Nev., where his wife, former Olympic Diving Champion Zoe Ann Olsen, awaited.
But he warmed up after a while.
Both, of course, were remarkable feats and further embossed the fact that baseball rightfully is the national pastime.
The spectacular Mays, who reaches a decade in the big leagues come May 25, joined six other sluggers who walloped four home runs in a span of nine innings.
The Giants who had been anemic with the bat in their windy Candlestick Park suddenly found the formula in Milwaukee's park.
This dissatisfaction led to Howsam's request that the video not be terminated before the end of the game.
In the fifth, Wally Post slashed a 2-run homer off Bud Daley, but by that time the score was 11-5 and it really didn't matter.
Choice was expected
An injury forced Skorich to quit after the 1948 season.
Shea, the chairman of Mayor Wagner's Baseball Committee, will be joined on the dais by Warren Spahn, the southpaw pitching ace of the Milwaukee Braves;
Named by Mayor Wagner three years ago to head a committee that included James A. Farley, Bernard Gimbel and Clint Blume, Shea worked relentlessly.
Shea's efforts figure prominently in the new stadium.
Maris is in line for a big raise.
He won the Masters, the United States Open and a record $80,738 in prize money.
He boomed a 280-yard drive.
"It was a nice round figure, that 12", he said as he headed for the clubhouse, not too much perturbed.
He had a 16.
"I knew it all along", confessed Arnold with a grin, "but I just happened to think how much nicer it would be to drop one way up there".
"No", said the official.
Other items on the agenda during the meetings, which are expected to continue through Saturday, concern television, rules changes, professional football's hall of fame, players'benefits and constitutional amendments.
Tonight at 8 o'clock the Cardinals, who gave the Pirates as much trouble as anyone did in 1960, breaking even with them, will get their first 1961 shot at baseball's world champions.
Haddix has a 13-8 record against the Redbirds, despite only a 1-3 mark in 1960.
"He should be getting back in the groove before long.
Perhaps the Pirate who will be the unhappiest over the news that Musial probably will sit out most of the series is Bob Friend, who was beaten by The Man twice last season on dramatic home runs.
Since 1949, the St. Louis club has been below on May 1 just four times.
In addition, a special award was given to Bob (Bevo) Nordmann, the 6-foot-10 center who missed much of the season because of a knee injury.
Benington recalled that he once told Hartweger that he doubted Gordon would ever play much for him because he seemed to be lacking in all of the accepted basketball skills.
"By winning against Bradley, Kentucky and Notre Dame on those teams'home courts, they showed that the home court advantage can be overcome anywhere and that it doesn't take a super team to do it".
If it's true that contented cows give more milk, why shouldn't happy ball players produce more base hits?
Yes, we know, they're professionals, men paid to play, and they shouldn't care how they're handled, just as long as their names are spelled correctly on the first and fifteenth of each month.
And what leadership a proud Mantle has given so far.
the bridegroom's parents, the Barrett Wendells, who are returning from a winter holiday in Sarasota, Fla., for the occasion;
'back with the Met
A small reception will follow in the Oak Park Arms hotel.
Armed with letters from embassies to ministers of countries, especially those in the near and far east, Mrs. Geraghty "will beat the bushes for oriental talent".
Molly already has her cotillion gown, and it's fitted, says her mother.
Her fiance, who is with a publishing firm, translates many books from English into Italian.
She's a whiz.
Charley Simonelli, top Universal-International film studio exec, makes an honest man out of this column.
Gorgeous Doris Day and her producer-hubby, Marty Melcher, drive in today from a motor tour thru New England.
Best Bet for Tonight: That darlin'dazzler from Paree, Genevieve, opening in the Empire room.
Snapped Maureen, "Me Jane"!
They'll start lessons, too, pronto.
Mrs. Chase is the former Miss Mary Mullenax.
Cocktails will be served from 6 to 7 p.m., with dinner at 7 and entertainment in the main dining room immediately following.
The first committee meeting will be held on May 19.
Her day starts early, but no matter how many pressing letters there are to be written (and during May, which is National Salvation Army Week, there are plenty), schedules to be made or problems to be solved, Mrs. Marr's office is always open and the welcome mat is out.
In another four weeks, with schools closed across the nation, the great all-American summer safari will be under way.
I can testify that motels, service and comfort stations (they go together like Scots and heather), dog wagons, roadside restaurants, souvenir stands and snake farms are braced and waiting.
Motorists like myself who can remember the old "tourists accommodated" signs on farm houses and village homes before World War 2, can only marvel at the great size and the luxury of the relatively new and fast-grossing motel business.
Honor attendants for the couple were Miss Sandra Branum and Warren V. McRoberts.
Cecil Mason of Hartford, Conn., was best man for his brother, and groomsmen were Rhodes S. Baker 3, of Houston, Dr. James Carter of Houston and Conrad McEachern of New Orleans, La.
Her veil was caught to a pearl headdress, and she carried stephanotis and orchids.
We've been working for weeks.
But we have lots of other New Orleans specialties.
In addition to the bundles, guests pay the cost of their dinners.
Mrs. Richard Newburger is chairman of hostesses.
The fashion show, by Natalie Collett will have Mrs. John Newbold as commentator.
"Meet the Artist" is the invitation issued by members of the Greater Philadelphia Section of the National Council of Jewish Women as they arrange for an annual exhibit and sale of paintings and sculpture at the Philmont Country Club on April 8 and 9.
When this and other units combined to form the present group, it was taken on as a continuing fund-raiser.
Mr. and Mrs. James Janssen announce the birth of a daughter, Patricia Lynn Janssen, on March 2.
Mr. and Mrs. Robert Brown will return next week from Bermuda.
She will entertain at a Vieux Carre restaurant at 1 o'clock in the early afternoon.
Mrs. Eustis Reily's olive-green street length silk taffeta dress was embroidered on the bodice with gold threads and golden sequins and beads.
Sufficient lay-offs of union employees to bring about a 10 per cent cut in the union payroll expense.
A baby was burned to death and two other children were seriously injured last night in a fire which damaged their one-room Anne Arundel county home.
-- The Anne Arundel county school superintendent has asked that the Board of Education return to the practice of recording its proceedings mechanically so that there will be no more question about who said what.
The Board of County Commissioners, the Sanitary Commission, the Planning and Zoning Board and other county official bodies use recording machines for all public business in order to prevent law suits and other misunderstandings about what actually happened at their meetings.
Councilman William D. Schaefer (D., Fifth) said in a letter to Mayor Grady that plowing and salting crews should be dispatched earlier in storms and should be kept on the job longer than they were last month.
Mr. Schaefer also recommended that the snow emergency route plan, under which parking is banned on key streets and cars are required to use snow tires or chains on them, should be "strictly enforced".
Younger son calls police
-- Governor Tawes today appointed Lloyd L. Simpkins, his administrative assistant, as Maryland's Secretary of State.
Dodge reported the following breakdown:
The share of the new housing market enjoyed by apartments, which began about six years ago, has more than tripled within that span of time.
Others, which are reached by walking up a single flight of stairs, have balconies.
Five held for trial
.
Fuchs, after nine and a half years, was released, being given time off for good behavior.
Court cleared
"Much of the navy's future depends upon her", an American naval announcement said on the Skipjack's first arrival in British waters in August, 1959, for exhibition to selected high officers at Portland underwater research station.
It was of the hunter-killer type, designed to seek out ships and other submarines with its most advanced gear and destroy them with torpedoes.
In his opening statement to a jury of eight women and four men, Bernard H. Sokol, attorney for the detectives, said that evidence would show that his clients were "entirely innocent".
Cooperman and Teller are accused of selling $4,700 worth of heroin to a convicted narcotics peddler, Otis Sears, 45, of 6934 Indiana Av.
Then the youths fled with his money.
The car spun around again, Simms said, before Stickney could turn north in Prairie Avenue, and then violated two stop lights as he traveled north into Wilmette in Prairie.
"I am very pleased to have the doubt of suspicion removed.
Circuit Judge Paul R. Cash did not set a date for sentencing.
Some 30 spectators remained in the court during the day and were on hand to hear the verdict read.
Assistant Fire Chief Chester Cornell said gas fumes apparently were ignited by a candle which one of the three Kowalski girls present held for her mother, because the flat lacked electricity.
Another neighbor, Mrs. Frank C. Smith, 2731 Pall Mall, Sterling Township, surprised Kowalski by coming to the home yesterday with $135 collected locally toward the $400 funeral costs.
There also were reports of a collection at the County Line Elementary School, 3505o Dequindre, which has been attended this year by four of the Kowalski children including Christine.
Gets car number
Help asked
A note making the request was handed to U.S. Ambassador Winthrop G. Brown.
Arms plot charged
Of the millions who have served time in concentration camps in Siberia as political prisoners of the Soviet state, few emerge in the West to tell about it.
The Georgia Constitution gives the Legislature the power to exempt colleges from property taxation if, among other criteria, "all endowments to institutions established for white people shall be limited to white people, and all endowments to institutions established for colored people shall be limited to colored people".
Insofar as its own governing documents are concerned, Emory University could now consider applications from prospective students, and others seeking applications from prospective students, and others seeking the opportunity to study or work at the university, irrespective of race, color or creed.
'intend to attend'
Charles A. Black, COAHR chairman, said Friday that three theater representatives had agreed to meet with the students on Oct. 31 but had failed to show up.
He was born in Pittsboro, Miss., and was a veteran of World War 1.
Mrs. Lola Harris
The younger Thomas ripped a screen door, breaking the latch, and after an argument struck his uncle with a rock, scratching his face.
Two counts of assault on an officer, resisting arrest, disturbance and cursing, police said.
Low-flying planes will spread a granular-type chemical, heptachlor, over 30,000 acres in Troup, 37,000 acres in Pierce and 65,000 acres in Bulloch and Bryan counties.
It is followed by Cain Street and Piedmont Avenue, NE;
-- For a second month in a row, Multnomah County may be short of general assistance money in its budget to handle an unusually high summer month's need, the state public welfare commission was told Friday.
Acting Administrator Andrew F. Juras said that because of Field's unique position and knowledge in the program, the agency now would be seriously handicapped if he was not continued for a period.
The continued operation of this program depends on having his service".
Her husband, who was sentenced to 15 years in the federal prison at McNeil Island last April for robbery of the Hillsdale branch of Multnomah Bank, also was charged with the store holdup.
He retired in 1958.
He collaborated with many of the big name entertainers visiting Portland, among the most recent being Jimmy Durante and Phil Silvers.
a son, Sheldon Brooks;
Spice-Nice, counseled by Georgia-Pacific Corp., had previously taken first-place honors in both local competition and the regional conference at San Francisco.
g-p men served
-- Washington County's 36th annual fair will close Saturday evening with 4-H and FFA awards program at 7, public dance at 8 and variety show at 8:30.
Kathy Jossy of Hillsboro, Carol Jossy of North Plains and Lorlyn and Tom Zurcher of Hillsboro.
Millie Jansen, high school senior from Verboort, had the championship dollar dinner, and Jody Jaross of Hillsboro also won a blue ribbon.
Mr. Giorgio had started to turn left off Greenville Avenue onto Cherry Hill Road when his car was struck by the Pezza car, police said.
One of the rings was a white gold band with a diamond setting, valued at $900.
Employes of Pawtucket's garbage and rubbish collection contractor picketed the firm's incinerator site yesterday in the second day of a strike for improved wages and working conditions.
The power was off for about five minutes in houses along Smith Street as far away as Fruit Hill Avenue shortly before 5 p.m. when the accident occurred.
Atty. Gen. J. Joseph Nugent appeared for the state.
(Thornton) where he had been driven by a companion.
The Newport-based destroyer picket escort Kretchmer has arrived back at Newport after three months'patrol in North Atlantic waters marked by mercy jobs afloat and ashore.
One of the eight defendants was freed on a directed verdict of acquittal.
No formal charges have been filed as a result of either of the two reported incidents.
Dr. Hester, of Princeton, N.J., is a native of Chester, Pa. He joined NYU in September, 1960.
In addition to urging greater restrictions on aerial spraying, Buchheister called for support of the Wilderness bill, creation of national seashore parks, including Point Reyes;
The only way Fiedler could get back to earth alive was to fly the pulse jet missile and land it on the airstrip.
The success of the project depended upon Fiedler's flight.
Moments later the V-1 skimmed across the landing strip, edging closer and closer to a touchdown -- then in a streamer of dust it landed.
Judge John B. Molinari was named chairman of the executive committee.
"Governments apparently do not feel obligated to make the people adequately aware of this danger;
Other witnesses, after appearances before the jury, which reportedly is probing into possible income tax violations, disclosed that government prosecutors were attempting to connect Stein and his company with a number of gangsters, including Glimco and Alex.
Stein estimated this amount at "about $1,500 or $1,600 a month".
The weather bureau has estimated that radioactive fallout from the test might arrive here next week.
The complaint on which the warrant was issued was filed by Leo Blaber, an attorney for the association.
For many reasons, the demand to buy shares in the Dallas-headquartered company was tremendous.
But the Morton Foods issue was hot long before it was on the market.
He was also pleased with the wide distribution because he thought it proved again his argument that Dallas investment men can do just as good a job as the big New York investment bankers claim only they can do.
The history of the U.S. potato chip industry is that many of today's successful companies got started during the deep depression days.
It weighs in the tons, so the proximity of factory and exhibition area makes it possible for an outstanding exhibit each year.
About 40 per cent of the manufacturing is done at the Dallas plant by more than 200 employes.
The district office here employs about 65.
This includes driers, cleaners, burr extractors, separators and piping that's located above gin stands in a complete gin.
New car sales in Dallas County during March showed slight signs of recovering from the doldrums which have characterized sales this year.
The top 3 students from 11 participating Dallas County high schools will be honored by the Dallas Sales Executives Club at a banquet at 6 p.m. Tuesday in the Sam Houston Room of the Sheraton-Dallas Hotel as the club winds up its annual Distributive Education project.
David Wolverton, Sharon Flanagan, and James Weaver of W. W. Samuels;
'not flash in pan'
Sacrifices needed
Analysts saw the move as a continuation of the recovery drive that got under way late Monday afternoon when the list sank to a hoped-for "support level" represented by around 675 in the Dow Jones industrial average.
Volume dipped to 3.28 million shares from 3.98 million Monday.
He also used as an example the manufacturer who introduced an all-automatic camera in Germany, with the result that it became the best selling camera in the German market.
$75 by 1976;
Something has gone wrong some place.
I visited the bank in March and wrote a story about the situation.
Hayes said that if a way can be found to deal effectively with short-term capital movements between nations, "there is no reason, in my judgment why the international financial system cannot work satisfactorily for at least the foreseeable future".
The New York Central also has asked the ICC to permit it to gain control of the B & Aj.
Other reasons mentioned by one-third or more of the builders were "resistance to high interest rates, cost advantage of buying over renting has narrowed, shelter market nearing saturation and prospects unable to qualify".
The reason, says the Housing Center, is that the builders invited to the intentions conference "are generally among the more successful businessmen, and usually do somewhat better than their fellow builders".
The higher price supports provided by the new legislation, together with rising prices for farm products, are pushing up farm income, making it possible for farmers to afford the new machinery.
Farmers spend more of their income on tractors and implements than on any other group of products.
For example, farm equipment shipments of International Harvester in August climbed about 5% above a year earlier, Mr. Keeler reports.
Agriculture Department economists estimate the Government this year will hand farmers $1.4 billion in special subsidies and incentive payments, well above the record $1.1 billion of 1958 and about double the $639 million of 1960.
A measure passed by Congress just before adjourning softened the ruling's impact, on prior-year returns still under review, for clay-mining companies that make brick and tile products.
Louisiana, however, collected an income tax on the profits from the sale.
The taxpayer testified that in order to retain the account he had to pad his invoices and pay the excess to the manager.
Possible upshots: The company could be denied a deduction for its pension payments, or those payments for the wife and other employes could be ruled taxable to them in the year made.
April sales also were 5% below those of April last year, when volume reached a record for any month, $18.9 billion (see chart on Page One).
The silver and ebony plaques will be presented at noon luncheons by Stanley Marcus, president of Neiman-Marcus, Beneficiary of the proceeds from the two showings will be the Dallas Society for Crippled Children Cerebral Palsy Treatment Center.
She also likes the femininity and charm of designs by Ceil Chapman and Helen Rose.
Among stage performances was a starring role in "Golden Arrow" directed by Noel Coward.
She is state chairman for the New Mexico Tuberculosis and Cancer Associations.
And he operates three cafeterias in the Student Center, along with McElvaney Dining Hall and the athlete's tables.
"Unfortunately, there is still little demand for broccoli and cauliflower".
Bake slowly about one hour at 250-275 F. until lightly brown.
Though there has been some avant garde indication that contemporary furniture might go back to the boxy look of the'20's and'40's, two manufacturers chose to take the approach of the sophisticated, but warm look in contemporary.
The other bedroom has heavier styling, door-fronted dressers with acacia panels, a poster bed or a bed with arched acacia panels and matching mirror.
The Vagabonds are "on the road" again.
bluebonnets and stagecoach silhouettes.
A. F. Schmalzried, secretary;
Mrs. Reese baked her cookies for only the third time in the Bake-off finals.
More than 200 are expected at the autumn event which is matched in the spring.
She put the violin away and took out some linen, needles and yarn to while away the long, idle days in Budapest.
They either walked or were driven.
"My father walked, through two miles of snow, in Illinois".
I've tried to compromise by letting them take the little car now and then.
However, it's a half-mile walk down a steep hill from our house to the bus, and it's too hard on my legs.
Others are Carla Ruth Craig to Dan McFarland Chandler Jr.;
For instance, the Edwin Pauleys Jr., formerly of Chantilly Rd., are now at home on North Arden Dr. in Beverly Hills.
Here's an idea for a child's room that is easy to execute and is completely charming, using puppets for lamp bases.
Although a straight drum shade would be adequate and sufficiently neutral that the puppets could be changed without disharmony, it is far more fun to create shades in the gay spirit of a child's playtime.
There are a number of reasons why the Eighteenth Century designer had to develop "down to earth" designs -- or go out of business.
Andy Bartha and his trio have booked into Oceania Lounge.
Newcomers are Ernie Kemm on piano, Wes Robbins, bass and trumpet, and Jack Kelly on drums.
Latter domain, under the guidance of Chef Tom Yokel, will specialize in steaks, chops, chicken and prime beef as well as Tom's favorite dish, stuffed shrimp.
Student Prince Lounge on Atlantic Blvd. plotting a month-long "festival" throughout October, with special features.
Bea Morley, Jimmy Fazio, Jim O'Hare, Ralph Michaels, Bill and Evelyn Perry at the Escape.
Also set for appearances at the auditorium this season are: "American Ballet Theatre" on Jan. 27, "Ximenez-Vargas Ballet Espagnol" on Feb. 2;
Jacksonville, Oct. 6;
A young real estate salesman, Kern first got seriously interested in the problems posed by Communism when in the Navy Air Force.
The second half of the film "Communism on the Map" and the movie "Operation Abolition" also will be shown.
But after that service, they decided to try to let the girls say grace at the table, have bedtime prayers, and Bible stories.
New officers of the church will be ordained and installed at the 7:30 p.m. service.
pianists Leon Fleisher, Ruth Slenczynka and Stephen Bishop and conductor Earl Bernard Murray.
In other words, no merely male creature can resist that corps de ballet.
Alla Sizova, who seems to have made a special hit in the East, was delightful as the lady Bluebird and her partner, Yuri Soloviev, was wonderfully virile, acrobatic, and poetic all at the same time, in a tradition not unlike that of Nijinsky.
annual members may attend for $16.
Famed cellist Pablo Casals took his instrument to the East Room of the White House yesterday and charmed the staff with a two-hour rehearsal.
I cannot imagine a single scene that isn't done in a far naughtier manner on TV every week.
The Dolce Vita get-together boasted a strip tease (carried as far as a black slip);
And when they sell it to television in a couple of years, it can be shown without editing.
Very austere yet racy.
When I drove a car with tail fins, I had plenty status at the wind-and-water oases.
"What kind of car is it"?
"The windshield looks pretty clean".
The suite has been in the same family since the early 1800's.
The AID committee's chairman in charge of the redecoration, Mrs. Henry Francis Lenygon, was in town yesterday to consult with White House staff members on the project.
"I think they played Hail To The Chief better than the Marine Corps Band, and we are grateful to them", President Kennedy remarked after mounting the bandstand and shaking hands with conductor James Christian Pfohl.
They enjoyed lemonade and cookies served before and during the concert by teenage sons and daughters of members of the White House staff.
She turned out to be a fan, too, of Margaret Bouton, the Gallery's associate curator of education.
Along with the gallery aide who explained the various paintings and sculptures to each group, went one of the Gallery's blue-uniformed guards.
A reception and tea followed.
He in turn told her she demanded too much.
They are now working together toward solving their difficulties.
Anticipated heavy traffic along the Skyline Drive failed to materialize yesterday, park rangers said, and those who made the trip got a leisurely view of the fall colors through skies swept clear of haze.
The announcement came after a period of sharp deterioration in East-West relations.
In 1959 President Eisenhower and Premier Khrushchev held an informal session in the U. S.
He did not want the effort weakened by any illusion that summit magic might make it unnecessary.
The letter, dated Feb. 22, was delivered to Premier Khrushchev in Novosibirsk, Siberia, on March 9.
There was reason to believe that Premier Khrushchev was also concerned about a possible spread of nuclear weapons, particularly to Communist China.
Beyond that, Allied disagreement about military intervention in Laos -- despite warnings that they might do so -- allowed Moscow to carry out with impunity a series of military and diplomatic moves that greatly strengthened the pro-Communist forces.
Apparently at the insistence of the U. S., the simultaneous announcements issued in Washington and Moscow last Friday emphasized the "informal" nature of the meeting.
Mr. Khrushchev is known to rely heavily on his instincts about his adversaries and to be a shrewd judge of men.
If tests are to be resumed, the argument went, it is vital that the U. S. make plain that the onus belongs to the Soviet Union.
The deeper wonder is how this miracle was accomplished in decades, rather than in centuries and by immigrant minorities at that.
All of this may be understandable enough: it is, however, in fact difficult to see how diocesan authorities could have acted otherwise.
There is however no point in speculating about such a possibility: the fact of the matter is that our institutions of higher learning owe their existence to a spirit not unlike that which produces the "family business".
But with today's demand for professional qualifications and specialized training, the need for "outsiders" becomes more pressing.
"Outside" faculty members want to be considered partners in the academic enterprise and not merely paid employees of a family business.
A man does not make that kind of gamble if he suspects that one or more of the limited number of tenure positions is being reserved for members of the "family".
This is a problem that goes considerably beyond questions of salary and tenure.
Once more the fallacious equation is advanced to argue that since business is restricted under the anti-monopoly laws, there must be a corresponding restriction against labor unions: the law must treat everybody equally.
The committee remains unresponsive.
The problem becomes even more complex where an enterprise is engaged in the manufacture of a wide variety of other goods in addition to the heavy electrical equipment.
And which theory would govern the enforcers of the law on Sunday?
A plea of nolo contendere, followed by a nominal fine, after all is a small price to pay for this untrammeled license.
The Wagner Act, the Taft-Hartley Act and the Landrum-Griffin Act all endorse the principle of collective bargaining.
In 1825, the Boston house carpenters'strike for a ten-hour day was denounced by the organized employers, who declared: "It is considered that all combinations by any classes of citizens intended to effect the value of labor tend to convert all its branches into monopolies".
Indeed, it is in the field of transportation that Congress has most frequently granted employers exemption from the anti-trust laws;
The courts, by interpretation, emasculated the act.
That was something of an understatement in a week when the underlying conflict between the West and Communism erupted on three fronts.
2) Laos.
But why was Laos the new Southeast Asian battleground?
turmoil in the House
He is generally and initially suspicious of any federal project, unless it happens to benefit his Gulf Coast constituents.
) But Speaker Sam Rayburn, after huddling in Palm Beach with President-elect Kennedy, decided that this year something had to be done about the Rules Committee -- and that he was the only man who could do anything effective.
Threat of war.
"One wants a little more power, and the other doesn't want to give up any".
In 1957 Nixon delivered a significant opinion that a majority of Senators had the power to adopt new rules at the beginning of each new Congress, and that any rules laid down by previous Congresses were not binding.
The Masters golf tournament proved last Monday what it can do to the strongest men and the staunchest nerves.
He bogeyed the 15th by missing a short putt and finally scrambled through the last three holes without further mishap for a 2-over-par 74 and a 72-hole total of 280.
When the shaken Palmer finally did hit his fourth shot, he overshot the hole by 15 feet.
More than a streak had ended.
Player immediately proved he was not in the least awed by the dramatic proximity of Palmer.
Even so, it was still not clear to many in the enormous horde of spectators -- unquestionably the largest golf crowd ever -- that this tournament was to be, essentially, a match between Palmer and Player.
Player began with a birdie on the first hole, added five straight pars and then another birdie at the 9th.
The bad luck that can so often mar a well-played round of golf is simply overpowered and obliterated by the contemptuous boldness of these champions.
He hit a poor tee shot, pulling it off into the pine woods separating the 9th and first fairways.
They started on the 4th hole, a 220-yard par-3.
It is the year when (1) amiable Jim Gentile of the Baltimore Orioles ambled to the plate in consecutive innings with the bases loaded and, in unprecedented style, delivered consecutive grand-slam home runs;
What ultimately frustrated every challenger was Ruth's amazing September surge.
To better Ruth's mark, neither needs a spectacular September flourish.
Although both concede they would like to hit 60, they stick primarily to the baseball player's standard quote: "The important thing is to win the pennant".
As roommates, teammates, and home-run mates, Mantle, 29, who broke in with the Yankees ten years ago, and Maris, 26, who came to the Yankees from Kansas City two years ago, have strikingly similar backgrounds.
Neither Mantle nor Maris need fear being classified an intellectual, but lately Mantle has shown unusual devotion to an intellectual opus, Henry Miller's "Tropic of Cancer".
"See that kid"?
Send me where I can play".
One good indication of the two men's personalities is the way they reacted to meeting their own heroes.
It crushed Mickey.
Mantle, beyond any question, can do more things well.
Maris ran the 100-yard dash in ten seconds in high school and once won a race against Luis Aparicio, the swift, base-stealing shortstop of the White Sox.
the something was the home run.
After pushing an accumulation of vines and weeds from the moldboard, I lifted the lines from the dust and found hitched to that plow the finest team I ever held a rein on.
The principal of the school announced that -- despite the help of private tutors in Hollywood and Philadelphia -- Fabian is a 10-o'clock scholar in English and mathematics.
It gets so frustrating, but then again I don't know what I could do if I gave up racing".
Like Philadelphia's late Dr. Albert C. Barnes who kept his own great collection closed to the general public (Time, Jan. 2), Thompson, at 61, is something of a legend in his own lifetime.
Two years ago Thompson offered his collection to the city.
Break in Georgia
Last fall, after they took their hopes for entering Georgia to court, Judge Bootle ordered them to apply again.
Judge Bootle's decision: "The two plaintiffs are qualified for admission to said university and would already have been admitted had it not been for their race and color".
It fell to Chancellor Kimpton, now a Standard Oil (Indiana) executive, to spend his nine-year reign tidying up Chicago after the 21-year typhoon of Idealist Robert Maynard Hutchins.
By force, he took under his protection, or stole, 900,000 square miles of wilderness in Central Africa.
it has been made far more difficult by what the Belgians have done, or failed to do, in the Congo since 1885.
In Inside Africa, John Gunther describes one of these, the Societe Generale, as "the kind of colossus that might be envisaged if, let us say, the House of Morgan, Anaconda Copper, the Mutual Life Insurance Company of New York, the Pennsylvania Railroad, and various companies producing agricultural products were lumped together, with the United States government as a heavy partner".
During the 1950s there were as many as 25,000 schools in the Congo.
They lacked time to prepare the Congo, as the British and French had prepared their colonies.
There were four principal ones.
Well-wishers around the world hoped that the Congo would quickly assume a respectable position in the society of nations.
Lumumba and Kasavubu blamed it all on the military intervention by the Belgians, and appealed to the United Nations to send troops to oust them.
(However, there is little evidence that the late Lumumba was a Communist.
But they left behind them large numbers of officers, variously called "volunteers" or "mercenaries", who now staff the army of Moise Tshombe in Katanga, the seceded province which, according to Tshombe, holds 65% of the mineral wealth of the entire country.
The presidency: talking and listening
On the Latin American front, the President held talks with Secretary of the Treasury Douglas Dillon before sending him to Uruguay and the Inter-American Economic and Social Council (which the President himself had originally hoped to attend).
Crime:'skyjacked'
"The other fellow had a".
Most passengers didn't know what had happened until they got on the ground.
They found a large welcoming group -- El Paso policemen, Border Patrol, sheriff's deputies, and FBI men, who surged around the plane with rifles and submachine guns.
Tension
The day wore on.
Frog-marched off the airplane at 1:48 p.m., the Beardens were held in bail of $100,000 each on charges of kidnapping and transporting a stolen plane across state lines.
) The House, which had passed its smaller appropriation before the President's urgent call for more, was expected to go along with the increased defense budget in short order.
Over the years, enlivened chiefly by disputes about the relative merits of Maine and Idaho potatoes, the menu has pursued its drab all-American course.
That added traffic means rising streams of dimes and quarters at toll gates.
Many of the toll-road bonds still are selling at prices that offer the prospect of an annual yield of 4 per cent, or very close to that.
And there is the bright note: The gains were achieved in the face of temporary traffic lags late in 1960 and early in 1961 as a result of business recession.
Costs were held down, despite a bitter winter.
Success, for many turnpikes, has come hard.
Meanwhile, there appears to be enough money in the road's reserve fund to cover the interest deficiency for eight more years.
Many others are attracting the traffic needed to push revenues up to the break-even point.
Fiat officials say they have had no strikes for more than six years.
"Hodges predicted:'I think we will see more foreign firms coming to the U.S.
Idea is to let these countries earn their way as much as possible.
This may point the way toward international stabilization agreements in other products.
Rather, they are impressed with the British Government's success in forcing -- and helping -- the British textile industry to shrink and to change over to other products.
They threaten to strike.
The plight of a small community library is proportionately worse.
An earlier difficulty was overcome by making it clear that individual libraries in any area might join or not, as they saw fit.
Each system develops differently, according to the area it serves, but the universal goal is to pool the resources of a given area for maximum efficiency.
The entire headquarters collection is available to the patrons of all members on interlibrary loans.
The reference coordinator at headquarters also serves as a consultant, and is available to work with the local librarian in helping to strengthen local reference service.
Workshops are conducted by the system's audio-visual consultant for the staffs of member libraries, teaching them the effective use of film as a library service.
and it publishes Sum And Substance, a monthly newsletter, which reports the system's activities to the staffs and trustees of member libraries.
The desire and ability to read are important aspects of our cultural life.
In college libraries, 57 per cent of the total number of books are owned by 124 of 1,509 institutions surveyed last year by the U.S. Office of Education.
Long-range planning of programs and ways to finance them have become musts if the state in the next few years is to avoid crisis-to-crisis government.
In the interim between now and next year, we trust the House and Senate will put their minds to studying Georgia's very real economic, fiscal and social problems and come up with answers without all the political heroics.
Look to Coosa Valley for industrial progress
The danger lay in the American delusion that nuclear deterrence was enough.
Somewhere, somebody is bound to love us
Actually it amounts to $1,250,000 above what the institution already is receiving, considering the additional half-million dollars Gov. Vandiver allocated last year from the state surplus.
Georgia has made some reforms, true.
The responsibility for scores of deaths, including the abduction and murder of Jesus Maria Galindez, a professor at Columbia University in New York, has been laid at his door.
Tardily the Government here came to understand how this country's own reputation was tarnished by the association with repression.
Such a twist would be a tragedy for the Dominican people, who deserve to breathe without fear.
So far as the record is concerned, the Western powers have not acquiesced and should not do so.
They insisted on the "fundamental fact" that "the whole of Berlin has a quadripartite status".
That picture of the American prairie is as indelibly fixed in the memory of those who have studied the conquest of the American continent as any later cinema image of the West made in live-oak canyons near Hollywood.
Starting with small stations not members of the National Association of Broadcasters, the firm apparently is seeking to break down the anti-liquor barriers in major-market stations.
New York: Democrats'choice
As Mayor, Mr. Levitt might turn out to be more independent than some of his leading supporters would like.
But at the same time he moved his helicopter-borne marines to within an hour of the fighting.
As wars go, Laos is an extremely little one.
The road to a guaranteed-neutral, coup-proof Laos is today almost as difficult as warfare on that nation's terrain.
The relatively few communities that have educational stations have found them of considerable value.
Mr. Rayburn was not an easy man to classify or to label.
He would rise in the well of the House, his chin upon his chest, his hands gripping the side of a desk, and the political and legislative chatter would subside into silence.
To be presiding officer of it was the end of his desire and ambition.
He was his own man, not an automatic obstructionist.
To the contrary, through the past six weeks violence has been piled upon violence.
Last, it makes no sense to deliver Katanga, the one reasonably solid territory, into the existing chaos.
The statement was also made that undoubtedly the railroad had received some compensating benefit from the telegraphers, but that it was difficult to imagine what could balance a job for life.
Meanwhile, in Moscow, Khrushchev was adding his bit to the march of world law by promising to build a bomb with a wallop equal to 100 million tons of TNT, to knock sense into the heads of those backward oafs who can't see the justice of surrendering West Berlin to communism.
Perhaps the moralities of world law are not advanced by stealing American diplomatic papers and planes, but the Kennedy administration can always file a demurrer to the effect that, but for its own incompetence in protecting American interests, these things would not happen.
Word of Dag Hammarskjold's death in an African plane crash has sent a shockwave around the globe.
The death of Mr. Hammarskjold removes the United Nations'most controversial leader.
That is the hope of mankind.
The next step awaits approval today by the Metro commissioners as the members of the Dade County Port Authority.
A short report and a good one
While some think we move too fast and others too slowly, Florida's record is a good one and stands out among the 50.
If he becomes chancellor, Dr. Erhart would make few changes.
West Germany, with its industrial and military might, reaffirmed its democracy and remains firm with the free nations.
2.
In some instances a seventh question can be added: 7.
In this instance, happily, insistence is being made that our share is protected.
Since 1953 California has led the nation in enacting guarantees that public business shall be publicly conducted, but not until this year did the lawmakers in Sacramento plug the remaining loopholes in the Brown Act.
Mr. Balaguer is in control, and opposition leaders have no further excuse to suspect his offer of a coalition government preliminary to free elections in the spring.
those watching the growing rivalry between craft unions and industrial unions may recognize all the pressures that led to the big labor split in 1935.
Engaged as it is in a battle for world trade as a condition of national survival, this country can have little patience with labor's family feuds.
The 1961 feed grain program, which the secretary sponsored, has been declared a billion dollar fiasco.
But those who would revitalize so complex an organization must, first of all, overcome the resistance of layers of officials wedded to traditional procedures, suspicious of innovation and fearful of mistakes.
James P. Mitchell, when he was the head of the department, promised to eat his hat if unemployment didn't drop below three million a couple of years ago.
Cambodia's chief of state, who has been accused of harboring Communist marauders and otherwise making life miserable for neighboring South Viet Nam and Thailand, insists he would be very unhappy if communism established its power in Southeast Asia.
He is the first top administration officer to see the bottom of the slump.
Prosperity for the whole nation is certainly preferred to a tax cut.
The desirability of preserving such places as the Cape dunes and Stone Harbor sanctuary becomes more apparent every year.
Despite all this, the idea apparently has captured the imagination of countless youths whose parents are probably more surprised by the response than anybody else.
He says the state, in order to proceed with economic development, must develop an understanding of how the various parts of its economy fit together and dovetail into the national economy.
The unstable political situation there represents one reason new plants shy away from the East Side.
Having whipped Mr. De Sapio in the primaries and thus come into control of Tammany Hall, they have changed the name to Chatham Hall.
The White House itself has taken steps to remove a former Batista official, Col. Mariano Faget, from his preposterous position as interrogator of Cuban refugees for the Immigration Service.
Some reports say he was rescued from timely retirement by his friend, Congressman Walter of Pennsylvania, at a moment when the Kennedy Administration was diligently searching for all the House votes it could get.
His words were the more ungracious to come from a man who lent his name to the Eisenhower Exchange Fellowships dedicated to the same goal of international understanding.
Mr. Eisenhower's New York speech does not encourage respect for that or for his elder statesmanship.
The Cunard line has under consideration replacing the Queen Mary with a ship smaller than 75,000 tons.
The Viet Cong, the Communist rebels, may have lost their stored grain and arms factories.
The U.N.'s'gravest crisis'
The controversy now revolves mainly around the number and geographic origin of the deputies of the Secretary General and, more particularly, around the nature of his relationship with them.
There is no such magic in man-made laws.
He loses now-misplaced tax collection duties, which go to the Finance Department.
it will also correct some injustices.
This, in more diplomatic language, is what Adlai Stevenson told the newspaper men of Latin America yesterday on behalf of the United States Government.
And there must be many Soviet citizens who know what is going on and who realize that before they can hope to enjoy the full life promised for 1980 they and their children must first survive.
His strong opposition to the transfer of Negro children to schools outside their own neighborhood, in the interest of integration, will be attacked by Negro leaders who have fought for, and achieved, this open or permissive enrollment.
Dr. Conant's conscientious, selfless efforts deserve the nation's gratitude.
Occasional letters are sent by individuals to one another and many are written by companies to one another, but these are mostly typewritten.
Nor in South Georgia, where the summer sun shines warmly and gives early life to the things growing in the flat fields.
Reason: the cannery loses $3,000 yearly.
The young married people;
I know a man who held resentment against a neighbor for more than three decades.
but forgive anyway".
Forgiveness implies more than a person wanting his past sins covered by God's love.
Luke 23:34.
I wanted to grab her by the arm and beg her to wait, to consider, to know for certain because life is so long and marriage is so important.
Oh, no-o!
Be friends with your mother-in-law.
A minister should not stay "beyond the time that his leadership should benefit" his church, he wrote, "for he becomes ordinary.
We press him to conform to our comfortable conceptions and not to bruise our satisfactions with his word, and God's.
Mr. Podger always particularly enjoyed the last night of each summer at Loon Lake.
He closed his eyes and let the unintelligible drift of voices sweep pleasantly over him.
Would a blue feather in a man's hat make him happy all day?
The turtle immediately withdrew into its private council room to study the phenomenon.
Mr. Podger heard again;
As he pulled the fringed sides up and made himself into a cocoon, Mr. Podger saw that thin, attractive, freckled little face again, and hoped that the boy, too, was lying in a cool, fringed-wrapped quiet.
Aren't you happy"?
The programs do not take sides on the issue itself.
Each year another grade is added to the process, until finally all 12 grades are integrated.
Hotels, for example, are ready to let down the bars.
Business leaders are aware now that they suffer greatly from any outbreak of violence.
The adjacent driver in Lane B has three choices open to him.
Failing this, he would pull alongside at the first opportunity and shake his fist threateningly.
"It's a whole lot easier", he said, "to increase the population of Nevada, than it is to increase the population of New York city".
Obviously, if this club is going to move from second to first in the American League, it will have to show improvement someplace.
They shouldn't be asked to carry any more of the burden.
Don't ask him more.
Triandos hasn't proved it yet, but he says he's convinced his thumb is all right.
As of now, that all seems behind him.
) Did his mother make him this way?
She wrote:
When I hold my son he stiffens his whole body in my arms until he is as straight and stiff as a board.
Only ingenuity will uncover it.
Many autistic children grow up to lead relatively normal lives.
Answer
Though not actually crewel embroidery, it has that look with its over-stitched raised pattern in blue, pink, bronze and gold and a sauterne background.
An amateur decorator might try her hand at a pair during the long winter evenings, and, by picking up her living room color scheme, add a decorative do-it-yourself note to the room.
3
Carvey believes that reapportionment, which left many Democratic clubs split by these new district boundaries, actually will increase CDC membership.
There is evidence that it will be happily received by Gov. Brown and the other constitutional incumbents.
It is a short course in Communese.
"President Kennedy once again interpreted the Soviet proposals, to sign a peace treaty with Germany as a threat, as part of the world menace allegedly looming over the countries of capitalism.
"Former Vice President Nixon came out in support of President Kennedy's program for stepping up the arms race.
As was to be expected Kennedy's latest speech was greeted with enthusiasm by revenge-seeking circles in Bonn, where officials of the West German government praised it".
Well, dear listeners, despite all the shouting, there will be no war over West Berlin".
The Soviet Union will fight neither a conventional nor a nuclear war over Berlin, and neither will its Warsaw Pact allies.
But Curtis poured over $1 million into it and in time it again became one of the most popular weeklies of the country.
Exclaimed Vera Forbes Adams, batting lovely big eyes behind glitter rimmed glasses.
3.
The death of Harold A. Stevens, oldest of the Stevens brothers, famed operators of baseball, football and race track concessions, revived again the story of one of the greatest business successes in history.
After all, where else can the public see a wagon these days?
On the job
Among the many stories about the late Speaker Rayburn is one from Rep. Dwyer, R-6th Dist.
Undertaken by 32 American scholars, under the chairmanship of Rev. Dr. Luther A. Weigle, former dean of Yale University Divinity School, their studies resulted in the publishing of the Revised Standard Version, 1946-52.
"But John forbad him, saying, I have need to be baptized of thee, and comest thou to me?
Jesus replied,'let it be so for the present;
The new version states: "How blest are those who know that they are poor;
To have the results recorded in everyday usable English should be of benefit to all who seek the truth.
Softness is found in crushed textures.
They come in crisp basket weaves in natural honey hues, along with lacey open weaves with a lustre finish in natural, white, black and a whole range of colors.
At the left is a pair of dressy straw pumps in a light, but crisp texture.
Most of us brush our teeth by hand.
It is not as convenient as the old type toothbrush and the paste tends to shimmy off the bristles.
Reply:
Reply:
The gap between the bookshelf and the record cabinet grows smaller with each new recording catalogue.
There's more specialization and a narrower purpose in two albums recently issued by Dover Publications.
Newest on the list are John Ciardi, W. D. Snodgrass, I. A. Richards, Oscar Williams, Robert Hillyer, John Hall Wheelock, Stephen Vincent Benet, Edwin Muir, John Peal Bishop and Maxwell Bodenheim.
Every man who dabbles in the market to make a little easy money on the side and suffers losses could at the time hardly face his wife who was wondering how her husband could be so dumb.
If his mother loves him, he clings to that love as a ballast.
The conscience is non-existent in the 2-year-old.
She tells him of the consequences of his behavior.
They seek thereby to lure the old grad back to the old scenes.
He feels, suddenly, the weight of the fat that is on him.
Middle-aged spread
On a team a man feels he is a part of it and akin to the men next to him.
And so, he squirms with each play, remembering his youth.
Republican research broke down the vote in Philadelphia.
The almost six million persons without jobs and the two million working part-time do not consider themselves and their plight as statistical.
Smokers reduced to "the makings", spoke of the sack tobacco as "Hoover dust".
Every legislator from Brasstown Bald to Folkston is going to have his every vote subjected to the closest scrutiny as a test of his political allegiances, not his convictions.
It wanted the State Democratic Executive Committee to pick the "serious candidates".
Griffin's Rural Roads Authority and Byrd's 60,000 miles of county contracts would look like pauper's oaths.
Former British Prime Minister Attlee says Eisenhower was not a "great soldier".
First of all there is ample area in East Greenwich already zoned in the classification similar to that which petitioner requested.
In order to attract additional industry that is compatible with this community it is all the more important to present to the industrial prospect an orderly balance in the tax structure.
I submit that it cannot be dismissed simply by saying we are not facing the facts of life.
5.
We have far less to fear in the migrant family than we have in the migrant developer under these conditions.
Bless you my friends, for it is through love and service that brotherhood becomes a reality.
I am proud of my country, the small city I live in, my wonderful parents, my friends and my school;
Many thanks for a job well done.
This matter is of great importance, and the outcome may mean the difference between life or death, or at least serious injuries, for many veterans.
The public should understand that whether they support a state hospital or a VA hospital, the tax dollar has to be paid one way or the other.
"A lousy job"
-- Defense Secretary Robert S. McNamara has asked Congress for authority and funds to build fallout shelters costing about 200 million dollars.
Upon a visit to a local junior college last week, I was shocked to see the young ladies wearing short shorts and the young men wearing Bermuda shorts.
Douglas has consistently voted to aid the people who killed Masaryk, and against principles Masaryk died to uphold.
Marketing meat
Also, many working wives have children or husbands who take over the shopping chores for them.
I regret that Bertha Madeira (Today's "Voice") obtained incorrect information.
-- The Illinois Commission for Handicapped Children wishes to commend the recent announcement by the Catholic charities of the archdiocese of Chicago and DePaul University of the establishment of the Institute for Special Education at the university for the training of teachers for physically handicapped and mentally retarded children.
Engineering graduates of Illinois Institute of Technology are reported receiving the highest average starting salaries in the school's history -- $550 a month.
These proposals would reduce the amount of tax that DuPont stockholders might have to pay -- from an estimated 1.1 billion dollars under present law to as little as 192 million dollars.
Congresswoman Church
They do our country great harm by such actions.
"Workers of the party"
This is our duty -- not as nurses or city employes -- but as citizens of the United States.
to the editor:
This, again, applies to Katanga.
none will be elected.
The very rules and regulations in every city are the primary case of slum conditions.
to the editor:
One even gave my little dog a biscuit.
These microfossils indicate the swamp was "formed during the Lower Cretaceous period when dinosaurs were at their heyday and when the first flowering plants were just appearing.
Are we not late, especially those of us who call ourselves Friends, in doing enough about this lack of understanding?
Lastly, the speaker decried our organized program of emergency help calling it "Civilian Defense".
Sidewalk cafes
Sen. Hubert Humphrey is obviously a man with a soul and heart.
The United States and Soviet Russia have enough nuclear weapons to destroy all nations.
Soviet Russia has been invaded twice by German troops in a generation.
President Kennedy has urged a peace race on disarmament that might be called "Operation Survival" which has many facets.
The General Assembly shall consider and approve the budget of the Organization.
to the editor of the New York Times:
We believe that the list of vital things left undone to date by the Eighty-seventh Congress should have included repeal by the Senate of the Connally amendment.
As a business man I have to use the telephone constantly, from three to four hours a day.
But the hospitals and doctors should be.
Enough trading stamps were collected to buy a 12-passenger station wagon.
There should be better bus service and all of our city departments and their various branches need a general and complete overhauling.
Rude youngsters
I commend Senator Hart for his brave fight to establish a national park in the dunes area.
Without these massive trucks highways would still be just an idea of the future.
What we need is more vocational training in high schools, not more dropouts.
'we tremble not'
To the editor of the Inquirer:
That is why the United Nations was formed so that intelligent men with good intentions from all countries could meet and solve problems without resorting to war.
It is well for us to remember that a wreath on a coffin never can atone for flowers withheld while they still can be enjoyed.
Your continuing editorials concerning the Schuylkill Expressway are valuable;
(2)
Take away George Washington's statue.
Fairmount Park Commission
The City Government is not united in an all-out, to-the-death drive to stamp out gangs, delinquents, thugs, murderers, rapists, subversives.
not push-ups but stand-ups
to the editor:
The nuclear war is already being fought, except that the bombs are not being dropped on enemy targets -- not yet.
What is needed, Philip Morrison writes in The Cornell Daily Sun (October 26) is a discontinuity.
Capable as their minds may be in some directions, these guardians of the nation's security are incapable of learning, or even of observing.
When East Germans fled to the West by the thousands, paeans of joy rose from the throats of Western publicists.
Another piece of evidence appears in a dispatch from Bonn in The Observer (London).
Or the city can be a graveyard monument to Western intransigence, if that is what the West wants.
The Lenin tomb is obviously adequate for double occupancy, Moscow is a crowded city, and the creed of Communism deplores waste.
When a man is laid to rest, he is entitled to stay put.
U Thant of course, will hold office until the spring of 1963, when Mr. Hammarskjold's term would have come to an end.
No one who has studied the radical Right can suppose that words are their sole staple in trade.
This may be opera bouffe now, but it will become more serious should the cold war mount in frenzy.
But there is reason in all things, and in this country the heathenish cult of the motor-car is exceeding all bounds in its demands.
but let the twenty-five thousand and first butchery be the signal for the arrest of the 50 state highway commissioners.
It would challenge sharply not the cult of the motor car itself but some of its ancillary beliefs and practices -- for instance, the doctrine that the fulfillment of life consists in proceeding from hither to yon, not for any advantage to be gained by arrival but merely to avoid the cardinal sin of stasis, or, as it is generally termed, staying put.
As the new clouds of radioactive fallout spread silently and invisibly around the earth, the Soviet Union stands guilty of a monstrous crime against the human race.
More recently, the chairman of the Atomic Energy Commission, Dr. Glenn T. Seaborg, "admitted" to a news conference in Las Vegas, Nevada, that the US might fall behind Russia (he apparently meant in weapons development) if the Soviets continue to test in the atmosphere while we abstain.
Dr. Linus Pauling, a Nobel Prize winner in chemistry, has been less ambiguous, whether you choose to agree with him or not.
To this day the Atomic Energy Commission shies away from discussing the health aspects of fallout.
How much fallout will we get?
That dilemma is as much with us as ever.
Only this time around the conditions are different and the choice is far harder.
For that is the one an increasingly large number of prominent Americans are now proposing.
But a resumption does not seem justifiable now.
But as the more concrete plans for the work of the Council gradually became known, there was a rather sharp and abrupt disappointment on all sides.
The designation of five Catholic theologians to attend the World Council of Churches assembly in New Delhi as "official" observers reverses the Church's earlier stand.
We sympathize with Mr. Kennedy, but we feel bound to say that his budget review doesn't please us either, although for very different reasons.
And yet Mr. Kennedy persists in trying to mollify the intransigents of the right with apologies and promises of "tightening up" and "economizing".
That Aristotelean-Thomistic principle experienced a thorough going-over from a number of the participants, but in the end the concept came to reassert itself.
it is necessary to perceive the extent of foreign aid demanded by the Christian imperative.
He smiled also at a British bloke seated next to me, who asked the most asinine questions.
Fair enough.
Training?
Every soldier in the army has, somewhere, relatives who are close to starvation.
) days at least from instant retaliation -- will defy the Party.
Thus the government simultaneously undertook the vast burden of social security which had traditionally been privately discharged, and created a national scarcity which has engendered calamitous problems of social security.
The planners in Taiwan struck me as realistic men.
But our outlook has been, and continues to be, defensive.
A truth-revealing crisis erupted in Katanga for a couple of days this month, to be quickly smothered by the high pressure verbal fog that is kept on tap for such emergencies.
The moment simultaneously revealed that in the crisis our policy ran counter to that of all our NATO allies, to the entire Western community.
It makes no difference what part of the world is involved, what form of regime, what particular issue.
We can mass our fleet against the Trujillos, but not against the Castros.
From this belief is derived the practical orientation of our policy on the "uncommitted" ("neutralist", "contested") nations, especially on those whose leaders make the most noise -- Nehru, Tito, Nkrumah, Sukarno, Betancourt, etc.
So far this season, Broadway's premieres have included twice as many adaptations and imports as original American stage plays.
Among the musicals, Camelot came from T. H. White's The Once And Future King, and novels were the sources of the less than momentous Tenderloin and Do Re Mi.
The difference is that the masters took the bare frame of a plot and filled it with their own world;
She: "By subway or cab"?
the def, a low-pitched tambourine.
the belly dance leaves more to the imagination.
Sometimes they get their initial experience in church haflis, conducted by Lebanese and Syrians in the U.S., where they dance with just as few veils across their bodies as in nightclubs.
A graduate of Hollywood High School, she likes to imagine herself, as she takes the floor, "a village girl coming in to a festival".
Last week it opened at the J. B. Speed Museum in Louisville, at the very moment that a second Schiele exhibit was being made ready at the Felix Landau gallery in Los Angeles.
Cried one professor after a few months of Student Schiele's tantrums and rebellion: "The devil himself must have defecated you into my classroom"!
He was obsessed by disease and poverty, by the melancholy of old age and the tyranny of lust.
there might even be two or more candidates for voters to choose from.
and, though he repeated, over and over again, the spectacular figures of industrial and agricultural production in 1980, the "ordinary" people in Russia are still a little uncertain as to how "communism" is really going to work in practice, especially in respect of food.
The whole problem of "peaceful coexistence and peaceful competition" with the capitalist world is in the very center of this Congress.
These seem about the only two ways in which the "unhappy incident" can now be closed.
And this brings us inevitably to the 30- or 50-megaton bomb.
The next days may show where things stand.
Undismayed by this contretemps, a small band of the faithful gathered at Lauchli's home at 6:30 A.M. the next day, put on their uniforms, and headed for a farm several miles away.
Mrs. DePugh, the mother of five children and an active member of her husband's organization, participated in all the exercises.
But this is not the real problem;
On the eve of the "great debate" on the proposal to give the President broad powers to make across-the-board tariff concessions which could practically bring us into the Atlantic Community, we should face the alternatives on this proposition.
To think that we can merely relinquish our economic autonomy without giving up our political or legal autonomy is wishful thinking.
Create a free market here, give us a sound, debt-free money system, and we'll compete with anyone, Europe and Asia combined.
In 1954 I was drafted and after serving two years honorably on Active Duty I was not required to participate in any further Army Reserve activities.
Taken back into the Army now as an Sp 4, I am leaving 110 college students whose teacher I am.
Modern postal slogan
Since then nothing has happened to save the life of Pope.
The Eleanor Roosevelt Tractor Committee acts on behalf of the Cuban freedom fighters.
Regency -- Truman.
5.
It is both great writing and profound religion.
I personally gained strength from it.
It is blind, fundamentalist dogmatism to say, "Messing around with the King James version seems to us a perilous sport at best".
Second, it subjects the news to distortion by the unscrupulous.
To begin with, the all-powerful Los Angeles Times does not publish a transcript of these press conferences.
We out here don't see enough of the conference to know he is being abused.
and the sad part of it is that we had one, which was rounding into excellent shape, and we let it disintegrate and die.
Alas, no such thing happened.
Whether in his forthcoming book C. P. Snow commits the errors of judgment and of fact with which your heavily autobiographical critic charged him is important.
The text of the book leaves a somewhat milder impression than the prepublication excerpt.
I think it was a grave error to print the article at this time.
But Mr. Hendl does not go straight to any point.
"Parsifal" follows July 25, with Hans Knappertsbusch conducting, and he also conducts "Die Meistersinger", to be presented Aug. 8 and 12.
It was all set.
A couple of days later a balletomane told me he had telephoned Allied Arts for ticket information and was told "the newspapers had made a mistake".
It's all up in the air again".
If there is a moral lurking among the shenanigans, it is hard to find.
Splendor by sorcery
Also, perhaps, table-tennis and other indoor sports to keep them fit and contented.
First one, then the other
More than a beautiful visualization of the illustrious adventures and escapades of the tragi-comic knight-errant and his squire, Sancho Panza, in seventeenth-century Spain, this inevitably abbreviated rendering of the classic satire on chivalry is an affectingly warm and human exposition of character.
Splendid, too, is the performance of Yuri Tolubeyev, one of Russia's leading comedians, as Sancho Panza, the fat, grotesque "squire".
At least this seemed to be the working hypothesis for "Chicago And All That Jazz", presented on NBC-TV Nov. 26.
Cameras stared at soloists'faces in extreme closeups, then considerately pulled back for full views of ensemble work.
Samples zoomed into closeup range in regular succession, like telephone poles passing on the highway, while representative music reinforced the mood of the late teens and 1920's.
Thereafter the audience waxed applause-happy, but discriminating operagoers reserved judgment as her singing showed signs of strain, her musicianship some questionable procedure and her acting uncomfortable stylization.
Many years have passed since a Metropolitan audience heard anything comparable.
) She has since turned to Bellini, whose opera "Beatrice Di Tenda" in a concert version with the American Opera Society introduced her to New York last season.
Directionality is greatly exaggerated most of the time;
They are definitely in the same room with you, but your head starts to swing as though you were sitting on the very edge of a tennis court watching a spirited volley.
In any given period piece the costumes, bric-a-brac, vehicles, and decor, bear the stamp of unimpeachable authenticity.
He talked about unauthentic storylines too.
The acoustics of the small hall had been misgauged by the artists, so that for the first half of the program, when the piano was partially open, Mr. Jenni's playing was too loud.
Works by Dohnanyi, Hubay, Mr. D'Albert himself and Paganini, indicated that the violinist had some virtuoso fireworks up his sleeve as well as a reserved attitude toward a lyric phrase.
The four Kabalevsky Preludes were also assured, rich in color and songful.
One of the very best is only now published in this country, five years after its first publication in England.
Parts of "Defeat Into Victory" are a tangle of Burmese place names and military units, but a little application makes everything clear enough.
His remarks about training, discipline, morale, leadership and command are enlightening.
airdrops and airstrips;
Of the Japanese private he says: "He fought and marched till he died.
Most surprising of all, he has accomplished some prodigies in training for the production of words.
Boys will be boys, and Texans will be Texans.
it is more likely the sons and daughters of that company.
Everywhere there are little touches of humor, and the leader of the on-stage band of musicians is an ebullient comedian who plays all sorts of odd instruments with winning warmth.
His portrayal of an edgy head-in-the-clouds artist is virtually flawless.
The cast:
Not altogether a successful play, "Epitaph For George Dillon" overcomes through sheer vitality and power what in a lesser work might be crippling.
The Warwick Musical Theater presents "Where's Charley?
The big audience started applauding even before he had finished.
" At Veterans Memorial Auditorium.
And Paul Lipson, as Morris, the faithful one who never gets home to his Shirley's dinner, was fine, too.
Not a corner has been visibly cut in this one.
The answers the girls give struck me as reasonably varied and healthily individual.
I must say, however, that I preferred the acting that had something of a biting edge to it.
Most of all, his letters to his philosophic colleagues show a magnanimity as well as an honesty which help to explain Whitehead's reference to James as "that adorable genius".
The "belaboring" is of course jocular, yet James was not lacking in fundamental seriousness -- unless we measure him by that ultimate seriousness of the great religious leader or thinker who stakes all on his vision of God.
About all that remains to be said is that the present selection, most of which appeared first in The New Yorker, comprises (as usual) a slightly unstrung necklace, held together by little more than a slender thread cunningly inserted in the spine of the book.
He would like to put several sentences on top of each other so that you could read them all at once, and get all at once, the various shadings and complexities".
) who first conceived the startling fancy of a picture window in the abdomen.
The reader meets a few old friends like Blimp and the TUC horse, and becomes better acquainted with new members of the cast of characters like the bomb itself, and civilization in her classic robe watching the nuclear arms race, her hair standing straight out.
Do we ourselves offer Mr. Low less of a crusade?
He does not seem to have caught the subtleties of the man.
He showed puny men attacked by splendidly tyrannical machines.
As soon as the fox has taken hold on most of the populace he imports more wharf rats, who, of course, say they are the aggrieved victims of an extermination campaign in the city.
In short, the book, based largely on lectures delivered at Harvard University, is both reliable and readable;
dashed hope
the second, the seizure of power by the Bolsheviks (who later called themselves Communists) in November of the same year.
Of many passages in the book that exemplify the author's vivid style, the characterizations of the two plebeian dictators whose crimes make those of crowned autocrats pale by comparison may be selected.
Two criticisms of this generally admirable and fascinating book involve the treatment of wartime diplomacy which is jagged at the edges -- there is no mention of the Potsdam Conference or the Morgenthau Plan.
But Innesfree, where Ellen Roe Danaher and her bullying brother, Will, live, is no place for a man who will not use his fists.
If the mettle which Ellen exhibits has a bit of theatrical dross in it, never mind;
The men of Innesfree are got up authentically in cloth caps and sweaters, and their dancing and singing is fine.
Whether fan of the Pagnol films or stage show, whether partial to music or not, you can't help but derive joy from this picture if you have a sense of humor and a heart.
The Franck symphonic poem, "Psyche", is a lush, sweet-sounding affair that was pleasant to encounter once again.
His tone is the weakest part of his equipment;
It is not program music, though.
What was lacking was a real sense of phrase, the kind of legato singing that would have added a dimension of smoothness to what is, after all, a very oily character.
If only they and Fausto Cleva in the pit had got together a bit more.
Latter-day interest in Elizabethan singing dates well back into the nineteenth century in England, much ahead of similar revivals in other countries.
Elegance and color
The sonatas, "La Francaise", "La Sultane", "L'Astree" and "L'Imperiale", are often more elaborately worked out and, in fact, show a strong Italian influence.
Rococo music -- a lot of it -- was played in Carnegie Recital Hall on Saturday night in the first of four concerts being sponsored this season by a new organization known as Globe Concert Arts.
This was not a program intended to illustrate authentic folk styles.
But they wish they could bring it back.
With the exception of a few spots, Milhaud's music mostly churns away with his usual collection of ditties, odd harmonies, and lumbering, satiric orchestration.
They applauded every number, not only at its conclusion but also at the first statement of the theme -- sometimes at the first chord.
Her bouffant coiffure was fortunately combed on the left which happened to be the direction from which a brisk breeze was blowing.
Her "Rockabye Your Baby" was as good as it can be done, and her really personal songs, like "The Man That Got Away" were deeply moving.
There was considerable contrast between this Mulligan performance and that of Art Blakey and The Jazz Messengers, who are able to generate a tremendous sound for such a small group.
Putting on local musicians at this place in the program serves a triple purpose: it saves the top flight jazz men from being wasted in this unenviable spot, when the audience is cold, restless, and in flux;
Shearing takes over
One of those delightful surprise additions, which so frequently occur in jazz programs, was an excellent stint at the drums by the great Joe Jones, drumming to "Old Man River", which seems to have been elected the favorite solo for the boys on the batterie at this year's concerts.
The playing takes both sides of the disc.
If your favorite song is not here it must be an unfamiliar one.
But chains of movements are not necessarily communicative, and it is in the realm of communication that the works prove disappointing.
The "places" could be anywhere, the idiosyncrasies and foibles observed there could be anybody's, and the laugh is on us all.
They showed they were glad that Carnegie would have a major orchestra playing there so often next season to take up the slack with the departure to Lincoln Center of the New York Philharmonic, the Philadelphia Orchestra and the Boston Symphony.
The collaboration was remarkable, as it was in both the other movements, too.
It was heard again in Philadelphia in 1927 in the first version of "Strike Up The Band" and again abandoned shortly before the entire show was given up.
and the incisive style with which Charlotte Rae delivers the top-drawer Hart lyrics of "I Blush", a song that was cut from "A Connecticut Yankee".
Like Mr. Loesser, Jerry Herman is both composer and lyriist for Milk And Honey (R. C. A. Victor LOC 1065;
With three fine Russian films in recent months on World War 2, -- "The House I Live In", "The Cranes Are Flying" and "Ballad Of A Soldier" -- we had every right to expect a real Soviet block-buster in "The Day The War Ended".
Under Yakov Segal's direction, it begins stirringly, as crouching Soviet and Nazi troops silently scan each other, waiting for the first surrender gesture.
It is a land of long fjords, few people, a single-lane road miles away -- and of wild stags, Greylag geese, wild swans, dolphins and porpoises playing in the waters.
Systematically he would open and ransack drawers.
In turn each of us in our own way depended, as gods do, upon his worship".
They serve to contradict a popular notion that the Comedie merely repeats, as accurately as possible, the techniques of acting the classics that prevailed in the 17th century.
perhaps that is the Comedie's equivalent for thrusting this play's characters into our own time.
one influential French critic remarked: "Pity for Arnolphe comes with age".
of course, they do not reflect sincerity, but they exhibit a concern to make a good job out of his pious impersonation.
In Moliere's farce, "The Tricks Of Scapin", Robert Hirsch undertakes another of the great roles.
It was the first jazz he had heard.
All this is great proceedings -- get the minutes.
The set contains "High Society", "Do What Ory Say", "Down Home Rag", "Careless Love", Jazz Me Blues", "Weary Blues", "Original Dixieland One-Step", "Bourbon Street Parade", "Panama", "Toot, Toot, Tootsie", "Oh Didn't He Ramble", "Beale Street Blues", "Maryland, My Maryland", "1919 Rag", "Eh, La Bas", "Mood Indigo", and "Bugle Call Rag".
The American part of the evening consisted of Paul Creston's Dance Overture, William Schuman's "Chester" From "New England Triptych" and two works of Wallingford Riegger, Dance Rhythms, Op. 58, and a Romanza For Strings, Op. 56A.
In its present artless, low-budget form, the subject matter seems designed to invite censorial wrath.
No doubt the underlying idea was to show that for all the elegance and artistry that have distinguished its presentations thus far, it too could give a circus if it pleased.
What a man this Petipa was!
an amusing character pas de cinq called "Gossiping Women";
how little we know of what there is to be known is made humiliatingly clear by Mr. White in "The Making Of The President 1960".
Then, in chronological order, Mr. White covers the primary campaigns, the conventions and the Presidential campaign itself.
He is a man of major talent -- but a man of solitary, uncertain impulses.
Mr. White admires him profoundly and leaves no doubt that he is a Democrat himself who expects Mr. Kennedy to be a fine President.
Nostalgia week at Lewisohn Stadium, which had begun with the appearance of the 70-year-old Mischa Elman on Tuesday night, continued last night as Lily Pons led the list of celebrities in an evening of French operatic excerpts.
Later on this problem vanished, and the "Flower Song" from Bizet's "Carmen" was beautifully and intelligently projected.
These and other figures and comments have been reported in a special supplement of Sponsor magazine, a trade publication for radio and TV advertisers.
The 1960 census underscored the explosive character of the population growth.
Whatever the long-range impact of integration, the owners of Negro-appeal radio stations these days know they have an audience and that it is loyal.
he tends to shy away from the hooting and hollering personalities that originally made Negro radio programs famous".
The paintings, drawings, prints, and illustrations all reflect the manners, costumes, and mores of America in the first half of the present century.
Significant are such canvases as "Bleeker Street, Saturday Night", with its typically American crowd (Sloan never went abroad);
The entire Sloan collection will be made available at the center to all serious art students and historians.
The two were separated from each other by the Six Bagatelles of Op. 126.
Everybody returned after intermission for the miscellaneous sweepings of the Fantasy For Piano, Chorus, And Orchestra In C Minor, made up by its composer to fill out one of his programs.
The participants were Professor H. Bondi, professor of mathematics at King's College, London;
Expands and contracts
Dr. Lyttleton backs the theory that we live in an electric universe and this theory starts with the behavior of protons and electrons.
This slim book, while giving the reader only a fleeting glimpse of the scientific mind confronting the universe, has the appeal that informed conversation always has.
Only in its final scene, where Beatie Bryant (Mary Doyle) shakes off the disappointment of being jilted by her intellectual lover and proclaims her emancipation do we get much which makes worthwhile the series of boorish rustic happenings we have had to watch for most of the first two and one-half acts.
Miss Doyle as Beatie has a great fund of animal spirits, a strong voice and a warm smile.
Using a wide stage resourcefully he mingled music and dance with Shakespeare's words in a spirited mixture.
More than half the audience departed.
But the final scenes could not be played.
For style and assurance, for a supreme and regal bearing there is still no one who can touch her.
Miss Schwarzkopf and her excellent pianist, John Wustman, often achieved the highest lyrical ideals of the lieder tradition.
Mr. Ailey's "Roots Of The Blues", an earthy and very human modern dance work, provided strong contrast to the ballet selections of the evening.
The only man alive who seems qualified by his learning, his disposition and his addiction to a baroque luxuriance of language to inherit the literary mantle of Sacheverell Sitwell, Mr. Sansom writes of foreign parts with a dedication to decoration worthy of a pastry chef creating a wedding cake for the marriage of a Hungarian beauty (her third) and an American multimillionaire (his fourth).
This is an exact description of what Mr. Sansom does.
So in these pages one can share his wonder at the traditional fiesta of St. Torpetius that still persists in St. Tropez;
In one of his best essays Mr. Sansom expresses his enthusiasm for the many country mansions designed by Andrea Palladio himself that dot the environs of Vicenza.
Mrs. Reavey's work is written for the stage -- it is mentioned for an off-Broadway production in the fall -- and, in addition, employs an avant-garde structure that particularly needs to be seen if comprehension is to be encouraged.
Titled "What's New In Music"?
It is not simply giving a repetition of the program it gave during its New York engagement earlier this season, but has brought back many of the numbers that were on the bill when it paid us its first visit and won everybody's heart.
Spectacular displays of this sort are relatively rare in the entire land surface of the earth.
Late September finds Quebec's color at its peak, especially in the Laurentian hills and in the area south of the St. Lawrence River.
The Adirondacks blaze brightest in early October, choice routes being 9N from Saratoga up to Lake George and 73 and 86 in the Lake Placid area.
In Michigan, there is fine color on route 27 up to the Mackinac Straits, while the views around Marquette and Iron Mountain in the Upper Peninsula are spectacular.
Two sharply contrasting places designed for public enjoyment are now on display.
Books
There is probably a moral in all this about "mind vs. heart".
Russians, Filipinos.
The 300th anniversaries of Staten Island (through Sept. 23) and of Mamaroneck, N.Y. (through Sept. 24) will both include parades and pageants.
The tenor lead, Franco Corelli, and La Scala cast under Maestro Tullio Serafin are all first rate.
Boating
But regattas are scheduled right up to Christmas.
At New Orleans, 25-mile-square Lake Pontchartrain has few squalls and year-long boating.
the twelfth Marquis De Portago was intelligent, purposeful, and passionate.
the love-making, perhaps because it is pale and low-key when one has been conditioned to expect harsh colors and explicitness, is often charming;
it is an absurdity.
The Italian master Piero Taruffi, no less sensitive, knows twice the ecstasy though he thinks of a car's adhesion to a wet two-lane road at 165 miles an hour as a matter best expressed in algebraic formulae.
But these Western countries do care about themselves.
"America gave generously in economic aid and military equipment to friend and foe alike".
The path to leadership is made clear.
Montgomery knew all the national leaders up to the time of Kennedy.
Most of what is said about his great men of history has already been said, and what has not is largely irrelevant to the contemporary scene.
It is a kind of justice, too, that it should originate in London's Royal Albert Hall, where, traditionally, the loudest, if not the greatest, performers have entertained the thousands it will accommodate (RCA Victor LM 2454, $4.98).
And in the wake of the new affluence and the new techniques of processing comes a new American interest in how what people eat affects their health.
From his birch-paneled office in the Laboratory of Physiological Hygiene, under the university's football stadium in Minneapolis ("We get a rumble on every touchdown"), blocky, grey-haired Dr. Keys directs an ambitious, $200,000-a-year experiment on diet, which spans three continents and seven nations and is still growing.
The typical U.S. daily menu, says Dr. Keys, contains 3,000 calories, should contain 2,300.
Puritan New England regarded obesity as a flagrant symbol of intemperance, and thus a sin.
Physical exercise raises the appestat.
Food may act as a sedative, giving temporary emotional solace, just as, for some people, alcohol does.
In the quantity of 900 calories a day, anyone will lose weight on it -- 20, 30 or 40 lbs.".
Although the fatty protein molecules, carried in the blood and partly composed of cholesterol, are water soluble, cholesterol itself is insoluble, and cannot be destroyed by the body.
Ordinarily, the human liver synthesizes only enough cholesterol to satisfy the body's needs -- for transportation of fats and for production of bile.
Saturated fats can accommodate no more hydrogens.
One of the most widespread features of contemporary thought is the almost universal disbelief in the reality of spirit.
When, therefore, it turned its attention to the concrete entities with which popular imagination had peopled the world of spirit, these entities soon lost whatever status they had enjoyed as actual elements of external reality.
The situation in which we find ourselves is brought out with dramatic force in Arthur Miller's play The Crucible, which deals with the Salem witch trials.
It is like a mysterious epidemic which, starting first with Abigail and Parris, spreads inexorably with a dreadfully growing virulence through the whole town until all have been infected by it.
In our disbelief we think that we can no longer even use the word and so are unable to even name the elemental power which is so vividly real in this play.
Apparently he does not intend that those who read or view this play should think of the devil as being actually real.
Surely this is a reality we all acknowledge.
Yet the spirit which lives in community is not identical with the community.
His point is not that mythology may not be used, but that it may no longer be regarded as the only or even the most appropriate conceptuality for expressing the Christian kerygma.
This is especially in evidence among the present generation of the suburban middle class.
Can we continue to alienate precisely those whose gifts we so desperately need and apart from whose co-operation our mission in the world must become increasingly precarious?
If to be a Christian means to say yes where I otherwise say no, or where I do not have the right to say anything at all, then my only choice is to refuse to be a Christian.
For we must number here not only the names of Bushnell, Clarke, and Rauschenbusch, not to mention those of "the Chicago School" and Macintosh, but those of the brothers Niebuhr and (if America may claim him!
If the demand for demythologization is unavoidable and so must be accepted by theology unconditionally, the position of the "right" is clearly untenable.
A second point requires more extended comment.
For the "tide is well on the turn", as the London Catholic weekly Universe has written.
On my first Guy Fawkes Day here, I found Catholics as well as non-Catholics celebrating with the traditional fireworks and bonfires, and was told that most Englishmen either do not know or are not concerned with the historical significance of the day.
A Protestant woman marveled to me over the large crowds going in and out of the Birmingham Oratory (Catholic) Church on Sunday mornings.
Most of these former churches are now used as warehouses, but "neither Anglicans nor Nonconformists object to selling churches to Roman Catholics", and have done so.
With traditional nationalistic spirit, some Englishmen claim that English Catholicism is Catholicism at its best.
For example, a writer in a recent number of The Queen hyperbolically states that "of the myriad imprecations the only one which the English Catholics really resent is the suggestion that they are'un-English'".
On successive Sundays during October, 1960, Paul Ferris (a non-Catholic) wrote articles in the Observer depicting clergymen of the Church of England, the Church of Rome and the Nonconformist Church.
Of course, the crowning event that has dramatically upset the traditional pattern of English religious history was the friendly visit paid by Dr. Fisher, then Anglican Archbishop of Canterbury, to the Vatican last December.
But how can one figure symbolize both?
for a spiral has motion as well as recurrence.
Irenaeus does not regard Adam and Eve merely as private individuals, but as universal human beings, who were and are all of humanity.
and, being left carnal, he will be an imperfect being, possessing the image (of God) in his formation, but not receiving the similitude (of God) through the Spirit".
These conditions man did not keep, and thus he became mortal;
Because he interprets the primitive state of man as one of mere potentiality or capacity and believes that Adam and Eve were created as children, Irenaeus often seems inclined to extenuate their disobedience as being "due, no doubt, to carelessness, but still wicked".
he sees a parallel also to the Jewish day of preparation for the Sabbath.
As man can live only by dying, so it was only by his dying that Christ could bring many to life.
The repeated efforts in Christian history to describe death as altogether the consequence of human sin show that these two aspects of death cannot be separated.
If death receives more than its share of attention from the theologian and if sin receives less than its share, the gift of the life eternal through Christ begins to look like the divinely appointed means of rescue from temporal, i.e., created, existence.
Finally, it did seem clear as day to these clergymen, as Gannett's son explained in the biography of his father, they had always contended for the propriety of their claim to the title of Christians.
All this near tragedy, which to us borders on comedy, enables us to tell the story over and over again, always warming ourselves with a glow of complacency.
Parker insisted upon not resigning, even when the majority wanted him to depart, upon daring the Fellowship to throw him out.
Even though his theological theses have become, to us, commonplaces, the fundamental interrogation he phrased is very much with us.
I think it fair to say that he never quite reached such candor in his sermons.
There are a great many bishops who have never had a cross on their bosom, nor a mitre on their head, who appeal not to the authority of the Pope at Rome, but to the Almighty Dollar, a pope much nearer home.
Our endeavor to capture even a faint sense of how strenuous was the fight is muffled by our indifference to the very issue which in the Boston of 1848 seemed to be the central hope of its Christian survival, that of the literal, factual historicity of the miracles as reported in the Four Gospels.
Doubts thus inculcated left me floundering for a while and, like some higher critical friends, trying to continue to use the Bible as the Word of God while at the same time holding it to have been subjected to a vast number of redactions and interpolations: attempting to bridge the chasm between an older, reverent, Bible-loving generation and a critical, doubting, Bible-emancipated race.
The outcome of such an experiment has been in due time the acceptance of the Bible as the Word of God inspired in a sense utterly different from any merely human book, and with it the acceptance of our Lord Jesus Christ as the only begotten Son of God, Son of Man by the Virgin Mary, the Saviour of the world.
I stood at the bedside of my patient one day and beheld a very sick man in terrible pain.
Looking unto God, the Prophet Isaiah wrote these blessed words almost three thousand years ago: "Thou wilt keep him in perfect peace, whose mind is stayed on thee: because he trusteth in thee".
Why not open your heart to the Lord Jesus Christ now, accept Him as your Saviour and let Him fill you with peace that only He can give.
While we are filling outer space with scientific successes, for many the "inner" space of their soul is an aching void.
(Mark 36, 37).
We trust you are not one of the 70,000,000 Americans who do not attend church, but who feel that various forms of recreation are more important than worshipping the God who made our country great.
You can receive God into your heart and life by a step of personal faith.
The teacher thought it was so successful that she asks: "Wouldn't it be helpful to all age groups if they could participate in a similar confessional of their fears and worries"?
People are giving their doctors a hard time.
We spend millions of dollars every year on fortune tellers and soothsayers.
Yes, and as tension mounts in this world, fear is increasing.
The fear of war can make us either too weak to stand and too willing to compromise, or too reckless and too nervous to negotiate for peace as long as there is any chance to negotiate.
of whom shall I be afraid"?
Yes indeed, we too can see a warlike host of infidels encamped against us.
There is only one escape left, a tragic one, and too many people are taking it: suicide.
of whom shall I be afraid"?
He lived in the dawn;
So why worry about all the others?
and then, with this God on our side, we can face the whole world without fear.
But this was only accomplished by excessive cruelty and extremes of totalitarian despotism.
But, up to now, no one has attempted to analyze its inherent mathematical properties, or the numerical significance of its numbers -- singly or in combination -- and then tried to consider these in the light of Old Chinese cosmological concepts.
For they considered the odd numbers as male and the even ones as female, equating the two groups with the Yang and Yin principles in Nature;
We find, for example, such groupings as the Five Ancient Rulers, the Five Sacred Mountains, the Five Directions (with Center), the Five Metals, Five Colors, Five Tastes, Five Odors, Five Musical Notes, Five Bodily Functions, Five Viscera, and many others.
Although the primary mathematical properties of the middle number at the center of the Lo Shu, and the interrelation of all the other numbers to it, might seem enough to account for the deep fascination which the Lo Shu held for the Old Chinese philosophers, this was actually only a beginning of wonders.
We have already seen that odd numbers were considered as being Yang, while the even numbers were Yin, so that the eight outer numbers of the Lo Shu represented these two principles in balanced equilibrium around the axial center.
the 2, the San Kiang (three rivers) in the (then) Southwest;
These fatalities are dramatic evidence of "halfway evangelism", a failure to follow through.
It is important that persons desiring to unite with the Church be prepared for this experience so that it may be meaningful and spiritually significant.
If possible, he should make an appointment in order that all persons involved may be present.
None should ask less.
C
The lay leadership of the church may be invited to speak on the various phases of church life, service opportunities, the church school, missions, men's work, women's work, youth program, social activities, and finances.
Extend the number of classes.
Some new members will hesitate to ask questions audibly.
9)
Those who transfer their membership are no exception to the rule.
This is a vital part of their spiritual growth and assimilation.
Outline plans for the entire service.
6)
The members of the "family" are drawn together by a common love for Christ and a sincere devotion to His Kingdom.
During this time 4,122,354 new members were brought into the fellowship.
But this will not happen merely through the natural process of social life.
-- Sincere Christian love and understanding
To be reminded of this we need only glance at the world map and note the extent to which religious divisions have compounded political ones, with a resultant fragmentation of the human race.
in the present context this amounts to the advice that while being religious may have a certain justification, we ought to dispense with churches.
Interfaith communication need not be regarded as an unfortunate burden visited upon us by the necessity of maintaining diplomatic relations with our adversaries.
Modern psychology has shown that paralleling "the authoritarian personality" is "the bigoted personality" in which insecurity, inferiority, suspicion, and distrust combine to provide a target for antagonism so indispensable that it will be manufactured if it does not exist naturally.
As an obvious consequence, obstacles to genuine interfaith communication have grown more formidable in one important area: relations between Christians and non-Christians in these lands.
For example, in Burma and Ceylon many Buddhists argue that Buddhism ought to be the official state religion.
Ironically, these are the groups which have doubled or tripled their missionary efforts since World War 2, while the more established denominations are barely maintaining pre-war staffs.
One of our foremost jurists, David Dudley Field, has gone so far as to call this provision "the greatest achievement ever made in the course of human history".
Now that Israel enjoys relative prosperity and a reduction of tensions, the secularists are less disposed to compromise.
Newbiggin's qualification on the Christian claim is of considerable significance.
of which one is deliberately willed or intended and the other not intended or not directly intended, but still both are done, while the evil effect is, with equal consciousness on the part of the agent, foreknown to be among the consequences.
Nevertheless, according to the traditional theory, a man begins in the midst of action and he analyzes its nature and immediate consequences before or while putting it forth and causing these consequences.
This would be by far the better choice, when "it is a question of allowing the human race to survive, possibly under the domination of a regime which most of us detest, or of allowing it to destroy itself in appalling and prolonged anguish".
"I am consciously prepared to run the continued risk of'race suicide by accident'rather than accept the alternative certainty of race slavery by design.
No political order or economic system is so clearly contrary to nature.
It is a proposal that justice now be served by means other than those that have ever preconditioned the search for it, or preconditioned more positive means for attaining it, in the past.
Much more than shelter, housing symbolizes social status, a sense of "belonging", acceptance within a given group or neighborhood, identification with particular cultural values and social institutions, feelings of pride and worth, aspirations and hopes basic to human well-being.
Recently, a group of the faculty at Wesleyan University's Public Affairs Center sought some answers to these questions.
Judgments are continually rendered regarding the potential buyers'income, educational level and above all, racial extraction;
This narrow "professionalism" does not even fit the present realities of their situation, as the pressure of minorities and the power and respectability of the realtors increase.
But such a reaction obscures the powerful efforts made in the past by both NAREB and its local boards for the maintenance of restrictive clauses and practices.
The role of both church and university as sources of information and settings within which the implications of such information may be explored needs consideration.
In 1957, the Real Estate Boards of New York City actively opposed the then pending private housing anti-discrimination law.
But responsiveness to these opportunities presumes that all of us judge the good as a human good and not simply as a professional, white, American good.
As a theologian in the group pointed out, a professional was, before the modern period of technical specialization, one who "professed" to be a bearer and critic of his culture in the use of his particular skills.
To see this vision in perspective, we need first of all a clear idea of the magnitude of this new power from the atom.
water is Af and the H stands for hydrogen;
With just the hydrogen of our bodies, we could run the world for years.
that is a figure one with 27 ciphers, quite a large number.
But we still have a long way to go.
Now although an atom is small, we can still in imagination have a look at it.
Even if the atom were big enough to hold a football field, this nucleus is still only about the size of a pinhead.
For we believed that the electrons obeyed the law of mechanics and electrodynamics;
Now as you step inside, instead of seeing particles orbiting around like planets, you see waves and ripples very much like the ripples that you get on the surface of a pond when you drop a stone into it.
the rest is obtained from harbor scallops.
Although a complete picture cannot be given, we can indicate some aspects of life into which the Christian faith entered as at least one creative factor.
Yet to determine precisely to what extent and exactly in what ways any individual showed the effects of Christianity would be impossible.
But whether this was accompanied by a general lowering of the moral life of the membership we do not know.
With its zeal for liberty and its dependence on God it breathed the spirit which had been nourished on the Evangelical revivals.
Here, too, must be placed Unitarianism and, less obviously from Christian inspiration, Emerson, Transcendentalism, and the idealism of Walt Whitman.
The Hopkinsian universal disinterested benevolence, although holding to original sin and the doctrine of election, inspired its adherents to heroic endeavours for others, looked for the early coming of the Millennium, and was paralleled by the confidence in man's ability cherished by the Unitarians, Emerson, and the Transcendentalists.
Long before 1815 the Christian conscience was leading some to declare slavery wrong and to act accordingly.
Garrison, Massachusetts born of Nova Scotian parentage, was by temperament and conviction a reformer.
The majority then went to the infant Oberlin.
Their direct descendants inherited not only their worldly fortunes, but also the mandate of their newfound power as spirits in the other half of the universe.
He regulated the dualities of light and darkness, Yang and Yin, which are locked in eternal struggle.
The dead controlled the material prosperity of the living, and the living adhered to strict codes of conduct in order not to weaken that control.
in other words, they were actually an organization of magicians.
If a man lived a classical life, he need not fear the spirits -- for only lack of virtue gave the spirits power over him.
But in the Chinese mind, there was little difference between the two -- the bonzes were no more metaphysical than a magician has to be.
It is simply that in Taoist tradition -- as in all good mysticisms -- books, words, or any other manifestations that belong to the normal state of consciousness are considered only the surface of experience.
Thus, the Mahayana metaphysic of mystical union for salvation was distilled down to a bare self-seeking, and for this reason, the mystic in Asia did not long remain in isolated contemplation.
The monk then understood the spiritual attainment of Hwang Pah, and praised him as a true Mahayanist.
In the popular Chinese mind, Ch'an (Zen) was no exception to the ideas of coarse magic that dominated.
The American Bishops assembled at the Third Plenary Council of Baltimore urged the Catholic people to read the Holy Bible.
1, St. Peter 15, 16.
The new birth is necessary because the natural man is spiritually dead and blind.
The new birth is effected through the word of God
Evidences of the new birth
We know that no one who is born of God commits sin.
We know that we have passed from death to life, because we love the brethren.
If we are born of God we persevere unto the end.
Do not wonder that I said to thee,'You must be born again'".
and that not from yourselves, for it is the gift of God;
He who believes in the Son (Jesus Christ, the Son of God), has everlasting life.
Galatians 20.
The means of the new birth
You cannot be saved;
It was permitted.
You can laugh at His blood-bought salvation, curse His followers, and laugh at hell.
The choice is up to you.
this issue that you are reading marks my 15th anniversary.
This month a million Guideposts will circulate all over the world.
It is the whisper in the heart that urges each one to be better than he is.
Compared to the big, established magazines, my first efforts seemed feeble indeed.
The crisis later on when debts seemed about to overwhelm me.
Today more than a thousand industries distribute me to their employees.
Searching for the best in spiritual stories, my roving editors cover not only the country, but the whole world.
Elaine St. Johns may fly in from the West Coast for the editorial staff meetings.
But, you see, those who are not mentioned will not resent it.
Each meeting starts with a prayer, offered spontaneously by one member of the group.
Rumors flew from lip to lip that Fidel Castro was on his way to Havana, coming from the mountains where he had fought Batista for five years.
None of us was aware that the biggest fight was still ahead.
Economic aid?
many came from Communist countries.
Then one day, early in January, 1960, I sat down at my desk, and suddenly I was aware of the crucifix.
whaddya gonna do with all those muscles (of which he has none at the time)"?
Jean-Paul Senesac, whose story appeared here two issues ago;
Of course he did some exercising.
In his gym the professor has some of the most "knocked out" equipment since Vic Tanny.
(Note how strongly the upper lats and serratus are worked in this fine exercise because of the pin-point concentration of force which the dumbbell variation affords).
By this time Henri's entire chest-back-lat-shoulder area is pumped-up to almost bursting point, and Claude takes time to do a bit more pectoral-front deltoid shaping work.
But contest definition -- that dramatic muscular separation of every muscle group that seems as though it must have been carved by a sculptor's chisel -- is something quite different.
Definition of the thighs at the uppermost part is quite commonly seen in most championship Olympic lifters which is easily understandable.
It improves over-all balance and control for the bodybuilder, and helps to make Squats more easily and more correctly performed.
extend your feet forward and backward until you are in a deep leg split.
Before your first training experiment has ended there will be a big improvement and almost before you know it you'll be raising and lowering yourself just like a veteran!
He planted the pansy seeds himself, buying them from a pansy specialist.
Nothing is easier to grow from seed than pansies.
This keeps it cool and moist and protects it from birds.
That encourages rooting, and the better developed the roots, the larger and more plentiful the flowers.
now we must use a heavy one.
(An unheated greenhouse would have been better, if I had had one.
As soon as an experimental tug assures you that roots have taken over, cut it off from the mother plant.
in fact it is easier.
Treat them right and they'll make a showing every month in the year except the frigid ones.
It is a flavor that might take a little getting used to -- not because it is unpleasant, but because the flavor is hard to define in the light of our experience with other fruits.
One of the most attractive things about avocados is that they do not require processing of any kind.
The B vitamins are well represented, especially thiamin and riboflavin.
Never before has the introduction of a weapon caused so much apprehension and fear.
At this point it should be painfully obvious that cities, being "soft", and the people within them are ideally suited to destruction by nuclear weapons.
Placing missiles in submarines, on barges, railroads, highways, surface vessels and in the air provides them with passive protection by taking advantage of the gravest weakness of long-range ballistic missiles today -- the extreme difficulty of destroying a mobile or moving target with such weapons.
If we stop thinking in terms of tremendous multimegaton nuclear weapons and consider employing much smaller nuclear weapons which may be more appropriate for most important military targets, it would seem that the B-52 or B-70 could carry a great many small nuclear weapons.
But, how does one go about the job of finding and destroying mobile forces?
This is the point on which so many people have written off the aircraft in favor of the missile.
We could put a portion of our strategic bombers in such shelters.
When aircraft are no longer helpless on airfields, they are no longer vulnerable to Aj.
What targets still remain to be hit?
Few people realize that one kiloton of nuclear explosive power will create 1,000 psi overpressure at 100 feet.
The many and frequent performances of the Trout serve to emphasize the dual nature of its writing.
Certain pianistic traits are common to all five Schnabelian renditions, most notably the "Schnabel trill" (which differs from the conventional trill in that the two notes are struck simultaneously).
The violinist, in particular, is very indulgent with swoops and slides, and his tone is pinched and edgy.
The Glazer-Fine Arts edition (Concert-Disc) is a model of lucidity and organization.
Here is truly a "Great Recording of the Century", and its greatness is by no means diminished by the fact that it is not quite perfect.
If we return to them today, we have no difficulty spotting their weaknesses but we find them still pleasing.
Command's new Brahms Second is a major effort to make a record that sounds like a real orchestra rather than a copy of one.
Command has achieved the ideal amount of reverberation.
In the end, however, the thing about this performance that is most striking is the way it sings.
The home listener is overpowered, all right, but the experience is a far from pleasant one.
After the Juniors were welcomed and congratulated for qualifying for the Finals of the Junior Class, Mrs. William H. Long, Jr. was introduced as the first speaker.
He knows your signals, what is expected of him and the way the Class is conducted, right up through the flash-bulbs of the photographers".
Without right attitude the other aids just do not work right".
He feels very forcibly that the American Kennel Club should take a more active part in encouraging the Junior Division!
This is the third time in 28 years of Junior Showmanship at Westminster that a lady Handler has judged the Class.
She then went over them thoroughly giving each a strenuous test in showmanship.
Last year Susan also placed 3rd in the Finals at Westminster.
It has been suggested many times that a Class be set up for the Juniors who are overage and cannot enter the Junior Classes.
More volunteer handlers needed to judge
The Rio Grande KC is also considering having their Junior Classes set up so that Juniors can qualify with points for Westminster.
Many a motel owner -- when we've stopped there again -- has remembered us and has said he preferred our dogs to most children.
The spectacular upsurge in pleasure boating is markedly evident, expectedly, in the areas where boats have always been found: the natural lakes, rivers, and along the nation's coastline.
Today, the boat, on its trailer, is brought to the gear and loaded at the door.
There is no question as to just what is available.
American technology in engine and hull design is largely responsible for the plentiful interest in American boating.
Having a boat financed through a local bank is done much the same way as an automobile loan is extended.
Come one, come all, the water's fine!
Many states have laws regulating the use of boat trailers and some have restrictions regarding the age of motor boat operators.
Industry interest in safety goes even farther.
The word marina was coined by NAEBM originally to describe a waterfront facility where recreational boats could find protection and basic needs to lay over in relative comfort.
The main set of bars are the "tappets" and one tappet is connected to each lever.
The dogs on the other ends of these locking bars are thus forced into notches in other tappets.
Generally, these locks on turnouts are called "facing point locks".
In other instances where there is no automatic block signaling, the distant has only green and yellow aspects.
Let exactly 1" of "A" extend beyond "B" and use a square to check your angle to exactly 90 degrees.
Position these using six intermediate temporary Af spacers and locate the upper 12" bar "A".
Tap the "A" pieces 2-56.
As an anchor for the spring lock, insert a Af bar in the lower left corner of the frame as shown in Fig. 7.
Locate the position from Fig. 7.
Tend to make this dimension slightly undersize so you can file the screw head to get exactly 1/4" tappet movement.
The order of fitting is not too important.
Chuck a length of 1/8" dia. drill rod into a drill press or some similar turning device and while it is rotating file the end square and then file a slight taper 1/8" long.
Such disks are very handy for cutting and shaping small parts.
Scientists say that the world and everything in it are based on mathematics.
The first step in using a formula is to insert the numerical values of the factors involved in their correct positions in the formula.
The symbol for multiplication is "**b".
When more than two figures are separated by subtraction symbols the subtraction must be carried out from the left to right if the result is to be correct.
This part of the equation would then become 4.
Rodding formulas apply to many phases of the sport.
Factors involved in the displacement formula are the bore diameter of the engine's cylinders, the length of the piston stroke, the number of cylinders in the engine, and a constant.
For example, let's consider a standard 283 cubic inch Chevy Aj.
To measure the volume of one of the combustion chambers in the cylinder head, install the valves and spark plug in the chamber and support the head so that its gasket surface is level.
The volume of the cylinder opening in the head gasket must be computed by multiplying its area in square inches by the gasket's thickness in thousandths of an inch.
For an example let's dream up an engine that has a final combustion chamber volume of 5 cubic inches and a cylinder volume of 45 cubic inches.
These are
Any fraction of an inch involved in the measurement must be converted to a decimal equivalent to simplify the mathematics.
Orlando, Fla., Feb. 2
Fury Hanover (Hoot Mon-Fay), Caper (Hoot Mon-Columbia Hanover) and Isaac (Hoot Mon-Goddess Hanover) has been working together but have not equalled their best work done some weeks ago.
Thor Hanover (Adios-Trustful Hanover) is a wonderful looking prospect and another good individual, with solid, rugged conformation, good, flat bone and excellent feet.
The fourth time in harness he walked off like a gentleman.
His best time is 2:33.2.
This filly is a much better individual than either of her full-sisters, Valentine Day and Cerise -- more scale and much better underpinning.
Best time to date is 2:34-:34.
Faber's Kathy (Faber Hanover-Ceyway) 2:37;
Custom Maid (Knight Dream-Way Dream) 2:34.2;
Trader Jet (Florican-My Precious) 2:37;
This filly is another Adios that wants to trot, and trot she did until forced to do otherwise.
Monel (Tar Heel-Miracle Byrd), 2:30.3-:36.1;
He also likes Hampton Hanover (Titan Hanover-Bertie Hanover) 2:37.
Sherwood Lass, 4 (by Victory Song) in 2:22;
Victory Sun, p, 2:04 has trained in 2:24;
Here they are, with my comments and judgments.
The deadliness of the Magnum in a rifle comes as no surprise to me.
My double was made with standard-weight revolver barrels (before cutting to revolver length), and although it compares well in other respects, it's considerably heavier than the Deerstalker, which only scales about 6-1/2 pounds.
This is a varmint load, pure and simple;
Aside from the Ruger carbine, a number of hunting rifles have been introduced for the first time.
Colt's center-fire 1961 rifles are all made with Sako actions, regardless of caliber.
Among
Once again the Mossberg Targo outfit has appeared, but this time as a bolt-action rifle-shotgun combination.
Big Magnum calibers appeared in the Remington line for 1961, with the addition of the and to the list of Model 725's.
A fresh crop of beginners'guns showed up in 1961, and they're good bets for your Christmas gift list if you're wondering what to get for a youngster.
single-shot Remington 514C (around $20), which comes with a 21-inch barrel and a short -- 12-1/2-inch -- stock;
The Colt line now includes a new scattergun, the Standard or Custom Pump Model (about $90 and $150, respectively) in 12, 16 and 20.
Handguns,'61
The southward route was the classic run in California, and the most fashionable.
Vernon was serviceable on the botanical field trips, but he could arrange no schedule with the cooks, and he was glad when the trips dropped off, and the botanists began to motor out by themselves.
Its early morning patrons were coachmen, who fortified themselves for the day with that delicacy.
A replica of two coaches made in England for the Belmont Club in the East, and matchless west of the Rockies, it was the despair of whips on the Santa Cruz run.
Flake (for three) a cupful of cold boiled haddock, mix with a cupful of cooked rice, two minced hard-boiled eggs, some buttery white sauce done with cream, cayenne, pepper, salt, a pinch of curry, a tablespoonful of minced onion fried, and a bit of anchovy.
As things happened, Morgan was installed in the Nob Hill residence of a magnate friend, whose kitchen swarmed with cooks of approved talent.
They cantered down the peninsula, not slackening until the coach reached Woodside where the Santa Cruz uplands begin.
The water splashes into shoulder-high tracts of fernery.
Acorns from the great oaks fed the small black pigs (akin to Berkshires), whose "carcass sweepstakes" were renowned.
they leaped six-foot fences with the agility of panthers.
;
the lush and historic charm of the South.
The rolling farms of Maryland, the peerless metropolis of New York City, the verdant mountains of Vermont can all be included in your Northeast vacation.
One of the most exciting ways to end a Northeast vacation would be with a week in New York City.
Photos of Conference Rooms and the General Assembly Hall can be made when these rooms are not being used for meetings.
Lookout Mountain, Tennessee;
For restoration of early American life the places to visit are Williamsburg, Jamestown and Yorktown, Virginia.
At Charlottesville, Va., shoot Monticello and the beautiful buildings of the University.
For some unusual photographic subjects, if your vacation takes you nearby, try these events: the 600-mile auto race in Charlotte, N.C., on May 27;
In North Dakota the strangely beautiful Badlands will challenge you to translate its wonder on to film.
Of current interest is Abilene, Kansas, the birthplace of ex-President Eisenhower.
Special events and their dates which will make interesting shooting in the Midwest area, include the following:
A tour of several of them is possible in a two-week vacation while a stay at just one of these natural beauty spots can be of equal reward.
Whole blocks are disappearing and more are scheduled to vanish to make room for wide boulevards that will show off its treasures to better advantage -- the great domes and graceful spires of its mosques, the panorama of the Bosphorus and the Golden Horn.
Start of tour
I got off there, crossed the street, walked ahead with St. Sophia on my left, the Blue Mosque on my right, and in a moment came to the entrance of St. Sophia.
The eight green columns, I learned, came from the Temple of Artemis at Ephesus, the others, red, from the Temple of the Sun at Heliopolis.
This one was set up here in 390 A.D. on a pedestal, the faces of which are carved with statues of the emperor and his family watching games in the Hippodrome, done so realistically that the obelisk itself is included in them.
I stayed on the car for a few minutes until, turning right, it entered a huge square, Bayezit, with the Bayezit Mosque on the right and the gate to the university just beyond it.
Just before reaching it I came to a grey and brown stone building that looks somewhat like an Oriental pagoda, with Arabic lettering in gold and colored tile decorations -- the Fountain of Sultan Ahmet.
They are made of gold and covered with emeralds, pearls and other jewels.
Sear on both sides then cover meat loosely with heat reflecting foil for juiciest results.
Don't plan meals that are too complicated.
You need tongs to handle meat;
Or buy half a dozen lengths of oilcloth and change patterns for different kinds of barbecues.
Don't think barbecue cooking is just sometimes, or seasonal.
Don't forget the joys of a meal on the road.
As you pull out of your motel or national park home-for-the-night, visit a market and buy just what you need for the next meal.
Discovery that the gloves frequently left with the customers made the wise peddler of spiced sausage-meat come upon a compromise.
-- Using a portable grill permits you to toast the buns, too.
Combine first 4 ingredients in saucepan;
sweet-sour sauce
Mustard cream, used as alternate dip for franks and pineapple tidbits, tastes best when served at room temperature.
Serve the chili and kraut hot with the franks.
1/2 cup minced celery 1/4 cup minced onion 1/2 cup tomato ketchup 1/2 cup water 1/4 cup vinegar 2 tablespoons brown sugar 1 tablespoon Worcestershire sauce 1 tablespoon prepared mustard 1/2 teaspoon salt 8 frankfurters
Pretend ham
Spread dough with a mixture of 3 tablespoons chili sauce, 1 teaspoon horse-radish and 2 teaspoons mustard.
Note:
General directions:
experiment with defects for decoration techniques of glazes and colors).
Place a piece of plaster wall board or plaster bat on clay and reverse bat, clay and mold in one action.
Clay was rolled to 1/4" thickness.
Stained with Jacquelyn's ceramic unfired stain, polished, following manufacturer's directions.
Jars with lids
Use white or buff clay, rolled to 3/16" thickness.
To assemble lid, press clay piece C in cavity of wooden design head.
Remove lid from head of mold.
(Made from modern wooden molds Af.
Make all four sides.
Recess base slightly to allow room for stopper.
Place cylinder on a disk of clay slightly larger than cylinder.
press scored handle ends firmly in place using dowel to reinforce container while pressing;
Cut a piece of clay for base and two for sides each about Af (long enough for three impressions of mold).
Clean greenware.
Spread article on flat surface to required width before measuring length at center.
To mark a row or stitch, tie contrasting thread around end of row or stitch to be marked.
To sew in sleeves:
Menfolk can ride in the forward cockpit where the helmsman has a clear view.
A lot of thought went into storage space construction.
A Gator trailer, Model 565, is used to transport the boat to the waterways.
After notching it for the keelson, chines and battens, the half-inch plywood transom is secured to it with glue and the same type nails.
The joints are also reinforced on each side with small blocks set in resin-saturated Fiberglas cloth and nailed.
Then spread a generous amount of glue on the four pieces and bend them into place on the jig.
With the exception of two battens, all run to the stem where they are glued and screwed after careful beveling.
Plank the sides first, using glue and one-inch, No. 12 Stronghold nails at all battens, the stem and the transom.
Then it is replaced and fastened.
When the resin has hardened, mix up another batch with a pigment added if you wish.
They will also supply literature on application.
The sides of the motor well run from the bottom battens to the top and from frame six to the transom, forming a real strong transom brace.
After the decking is on, the cabin sides are installed.
It is a full scale, small, but efficient house that can become a year'round retreat complete in every detail.
Wall panels and structural timbers are standard as are windows and doors, making for a minimum of cutting.
At the same time check the electrical, plumbing, and sanitary requirements, as well as possible zoning regulations.
Is there evidence of wash-outs on the property;
This will permit you to get a rough estimate of how much the materials for the shell will cost.
There are standard sliding glass windows in wood or aluminum frames for those panels requiring them.
There is often a means of locking the quill and, on larger presses, the table can be tilted.
Presses not fitted with sealed spindle bearings will need a drop of oil now and then in the lubrication holes in the quill.
.
Feed pressure is also of major importance.
Fly cutters can fool you into putting your hand too close to the tool, so if you want to avoid nicked fingers, keep your hands well out of the way.
For their length, their types of construction, their picturesque settings, and their literary associations, they should be known and remembered.
On November 26 of that year the bridge was completed and opened.
As Mr. Palmer was educated to house-building only, and had never seen a structure of this nature;
A brief description accompanying the picture says that the bridge contained more than 6000 tons of timber.
The southern half, however, on account of its underbracing, was considered by boat owners a menace to navigation.
"Approved, Timothy Palmer"
He was closely followed by the Ohio and Indiana troops -- thus the old bridge has another distinction;
The Philippi bridge, however, was the Chenoweth master piece, with its 139-foot, dual lane, span -- and it stands today as a monument to its builders.
On the second occasion it took prayers as well as reason to dissuade the soldiers from their purpose.
Position may not be everything, but in the case of a pool it can certainly contribute difficulties, social and/or physical.
As in choosing a wife, it is only sensible to consider also how appealing a pool is likely to be in bad weather as well as in good.
The placement of your pool, however, will not of itself solve the two major problems of pool owning -- those that involve your social life and those pertaining to safety.
From proud pool-owners to perpetual hosts and handymen was a short step -- no more than the change from city clothes to trunks.
No ringers, either -- even if they are trailing legitimate invitees.
We also worked out logistics for Sunday afternoon swimmers who arrive two hours early with their weekend guests while we are still enjoying an alfresco lunch en famille.
We allow no underwater endurance contests, either, or inexpert versions of water polo.
Of course, if your pool is close to the house, your wife can always add it to her housekeeping chores (you hope).
You should see to it that the trap, the dirt-catcher in front of the filter, is always clean.
Of course, when your 6-inch torrent of water is released, it may cause a lot of comment as it passes through or by neighboring properties.
Draw a line across the country at the latitude of lower Pennsylvania.
Home air conditioning has come a long way from the early days of overcooled theaters and the thermal shock they inflicted.
Clothes hold their shape better, and mildew and rust become almost forgotten words.
No matter what style your home is, ranch, two-story, Colonial or contemporary, central air conditioning is easily installed.
The units can be installed in basement, attic, crawlspace, or in a closet located in the living area.
For cooling, chilled water is circulated instead of hot water.
In each case, having separate systems for living and sleeping areas has the advantage of permitting individual zone control.
How large a cooling unit you need, and the method of its installation, depends on a variety of factors.
Coolers are also rated by tons.
Reducing humidity is often as important as cooling.
If the house you plan to buy or build won't have big overhangs, you can still do a fair job of keeping the sun off walls and windows with properly designed trellises, fences and awnings.
You'll even gain by putting your water heater outside the conditioned space, and using an electric range instead of a gas one.
It's no use pretending that all conditioners are quiet, but the noise they produce can be kept to a minimum.
The new editions of topographic maps being made by the federal government are excellent for orienting yourself to the natural features of the site.
County judges, commissioners, engineers, assessors, and others who have lived in the area for a long time may have valuable knowledge regarding the site or opinions to offer from their varied professional experiences.
What are the existing recreation features?
It may be distant views of a valley or the mountains or natural features such as a small lake, colorful rock formations, or unusual trees.
The amount of water frontage, the quantity and quality of the water, and the recreation afforded by it are important.
Although the site may not contain the features themselves, there are often opportunities to include them as additional interest to the site.
The historical sign tells its story, but nothing gets interest across as well as some of the original historical items or places themselves which still have the character of the period covered.
An area may be too small for the needs of the project.
The utilities available nearby may provide a savings in the cost of extending electricity or water to the site.
Figure the cost of providing water to the use areas.
The direction, velocity, and season of these winds should be noted as to just how they will affect the recreation use and your maintenance and operation of the area.
Prokofieff's Classical Symphony was hailed as an ingenious work from a naturally gifted and well-trained musician still in his twenties.
Some musicians were enthusiastic, some skeptical.
we bought his records and played them in our schools and universities.
a world beset with new boundaries, new treaties and governments, new goals and methods, and the age-old fears of aggression and subjugation -- hunger and exposure.
How right he was;
Prokofieff never forsakes his medium for the cause of experimentation per se.
yet was never caught up in it -- never a slave to its academic dialectics.
But Stravinsky was swayed by the attitudes of whatever culture he was reflecting.
his hopes that the tunes from his old music might be used for popular American commercial songs!
soloists;
April 10 marked a memorable date in New York's musical history -- indeed in the musical history of the entire eastern United States.
But it did teach Roy the basic techniques of commercial art, and later, for twelve years, he and his sister Nina conducted an advertising art studio in Philadelphia.
It has been my privilege to paint with Roy Mason on numerous occasions, mostly in the vicinity of Batavia.
"Of late years, I find that I like best to work out-of-doors.
"If I have seemed to emphasize the structure of the composition, I mean to project equal concern for color.
"As for materials, I use the best available.
The red sables are 8;
and a background, usually a silhouetted form foiled against the sky.
The artist was born in Gilbert Mills, New York, in 1886, and until two years ago when he and his wife moved to California, he lived in western New York, in Batavia.
Other memberships include the American Watercolor Society, Philadelphia Water Color Club, Allied Artists of America, Audubon Artists, Baltimore Watercolor Society.
Taking first things first, let's understand the sport called gymnastics.
Most Europeans have been exercising newborn infants for centuries.
And what has dancing to do with all this?
If the dance teachers of America make it their business to prepare their young charges for the gymnastics that must come some day if our schools are really responsible, we will be that much ahead.
This isn't surprising when we consider that over 29 percent of the 11-year-old boys in America cannot chin themselves once, and that English school girls outdo them in almost every test (even dashes and endurance).
Arm, shoulder, chest, upper and lower back strength will be aided with the Horse kick.
Do this exercise six times each class period.
Start with the class standing in a circle, with weight on the right foot and the left extended a little way into the circle.
The child should then bring both legs together overhead, point the toes and tighten the seat muscles.
Back circle
This used to be part of every child's bag of tricks, but few children can do it today;
By lifting the seat upwards a little, the weight is taken off the neck and the back is kept rounded.
The benefits electronics can bring to bio-medicine may be greater by far than any previous medical discovery.
A completely new insight into living cells and their structure will be possible by use of a new technique which replaces visible light with ultraviolet radiation and combines a microscope with a color-TV system to view the results.
This assembly also supplies a 20-cps switching gate for the electronics circuitry.
At the University of Washington Medical School, the electronics group has developed the "Respiratory Gas Analyzer" shown in Fig. 3.
A balanced resistance bridge and a pen recorder are all the electronic instrumentation needed.
It is also possible to utilize a pressure transducer, mounted at the end of a catheter which is inserted into the heart's left ventricle, to indicate the blood pressure in the heart itself.
In this novel arrangement the "pill" is much smaller and contains only a resonant circuit in which the capacitor is formed by a pressure-sensing transducer.
In medicine the frequencies are much higher, transducers and the sonar beams themselves are much smaller, and different scanning techniques may be used, but the principles involved are the same as in sonar.
The frequency used for these experiments is 15 mc. and the transducer is a specially cut crystal with an epoxy lens capable of providing beam diameters smaller than one millimeter.
His father Soeren was the village apothecary whose slender income made it difficult to feed his family, let alone educate them in a town without even a school.
His earlier love for literature and history remained with him for his entire life.
He completed his training in pharmacy also, taking his degree with high honors in 1797, and in 1799 was awarded the degree of Doctor of Philosophy along with a prize for an essay in medicine.
As everybody is curious to see the battery of glass tubes I have invented, I have had quite a small one made here of four glass tubes (in Copenhagen I used 30) and intend to carry it with me".
Ritter died in 1810 and Oersted not only lived to see the event occur but was the author of it.
Eager as he was to pursue this promising line, he was so loaded down with the management of the pharmacy and lectures in the medical and pharmaceutical faculties at the university that he could devote only Sunday afternoons to "galvanizing".
It is true, that nothing has been found comparable with electricity by communication;
Oersted returned in 1814 and resumed an active part in university and political discussions.
Electrical literature contained numerous references to lightning that had magnetized iron and had altered the polarity of compass needles.
All the additives listed here are sanctioned for use by the Food and Drug Administration of the federal government.
Milk production may be increased by the anti-infective properties of this drug.
To reduce incidence of liver abscesses, supply 75 milligrams of oxytetracycline activity per head daily.
Increases gains, improves feed efficiency, and reduces losses from bacterial infections listed under "How To Feed" section.
Dairy
How to feed: beef and dairy calves
What it does:
-- The recommended level for sheep is 2 milligrams daily, and this level should be maintained.
Drug's chemical name:
Bacterial and fungal enzymes.
Effectively controls cattle grubs which damage hides and can reduce gains.
How to feed:
Then, for the above parasites, feed continuously at these levels: Feeder cattle -- 2-5 grams of phenothiazine daily;
Procaine penicillin.
For the prevention of acetonemia (ketosis) feed 1/4 pound per day beginning at calving and continuing for 6 weeks.
What it does:
For treatment of ketosis, feed 1/2 pound daily until symptoms disappear.
There are three principal feed bunk types for dairy and beef cattle: (1) Fence-line bunks -- cattle eat from one side while feed is put in from the opposite side of the fence by self-unloading wagons;
These bunks also serve as a fence, so part of the additional cost must be attributed to the fence.
Based on our experience with clients, we see 14 major problems which fall into three broad groups -- the market place itself, marketing methods, and marketing management.
Have cost studies been made of every phase of your operation to determine what might be done if things get worse?
Second, in a competitive market, the customer feels his weight and throws it around.
Many industry trade associations are developing campaigns to protect or enhance the share of the consumer's dollar being spent on their particular products.
Have you examined these trends, forecast the effects, and planned your marketing strategy to compete effectively under changing circumstances?
Less personal salesmanship.
Some distribution costs are kept up by competitive pressure, some by the fact that the customers have come to expect certain niceties and flourishes.
As a result, distribution costs were cut, customer relations improved.
Will you be out in the market place with some of these sales-building new products?
We have seen good new products shelved because no one had the assignment to develop such facts and plans -- and management couldn't make up its mind.
Has your company developed selection and training processes that are geared to providing the caliber of salesmen you will need in the next 10 yrs.?
Many food and beverage companies are already on a highly planned basis.
The controversy of the last few years over whether architects or interior designers should plan the interiors of modern buildings has brought clearly into focus one important difference of opinion.
One or two of the schools have a five year curriculum, but the usual pattern of American education has limited most of them to the four-year plan which seems to be the minimum in acceptable institutions.
He must be capable of designing for and supervising the manufacture of any craft materials needed in the furnishings".
no description of the client or his cultural level, no assertion of geographical area or local social necessities -- simply "a luxury apartment".
Fortunately, although only a few years ago they held the student at arms length, today the business houses welcome the opportunity to aid the student, not only from an increased sense of community responsibility but also from the realization that the student of today is the interior designer of tomorrow -- that the student already is "in the trade".
This seems somewhat shortsighted since if the absolute educational qualifications for membership which the organizations profess are ever enforced, the educator will have the molding of the entire profession in his hands.
Beyond any question of curriculum and approach to subject must be the quality of the teachers themselves.
It is only fair to demand that teachers of courses in English, history, psychology and so on be as well informed in matters of art, especially interior design, as are the art teachers educated in the academic subjects.
One solution is the aquisition of degrees in education but it is a poor substitute.
How long has it been since you reviewed the objectives of your benefit and service program?
Is your purchasing agent offering too much free-buying service for employees?
Do you try to maintain the principle of employee-contributed (as opposed to fully company-paid) programs?
What are the possibilities for operating your cafeteria for a single shift only and relying upon vending machines or prepackaged sandwiches for the second- and third-shift operations?
Do employees contribute their share of money to recreational facilities?
Will your local bus company erect and/or maintain the bus stops at your plant?
What can your sales and purchasing departments do to curtail orders, shipments, and receipts during vacation shutdown periods?
Do you rigidly distinguish between job- and non-job-connected health problems and avoid treating the latter?
Are you in a rural or urban area?
This can be done by stories in your house organs, posters, special publications, letters to workers'homes as well as by word of mouth through your chain of command.
Use deductable insurance wherever feasible.
Also, reserve the right to demand proof of death despite the fact that you'll probably never use it.
Make sure you have minimum age and time-on-the-job requirements tied into your pension plan.
These include: leaves of absences, illnesses, and layoffs.
If a concessionaire runs the cafeteria, keep an eye out for quality and price.
You might try providing standard vacation time off but make the vacation pay depend on the number of hours worked in the previous year.
And due to modern resource-use and game management practices, there is still game to shoot, even with the ever-expanding encroachment on land and water.
The Outdoor Education Project took cognizance of the fact, so often overlooked, that athletic activities stressed in most school programs have little or no relationship to the physical and mental needs and interests of later life.
The first program was sponsored by Abraham & Strauss, Hempstead, New York, under the direction of Special Events director Jennings Dennis.
The American gun and ammunition producers sponsor a successful promotional program through their industry trade association.
With the whole camp exposed to view we could see the variety of canvas shelters in which Americans are camping now.
The number depends on who is talking at the moment.
The U.S. Forest Service cares for hundreds of thousands of campers in its 149 National Forests and is increasing its facilities steadily.
But make no mistake about it, the first reason people turn to camping is one of economy.
And even if they stay in resorts part of the time, they might, if the right salesman gets them in tow, develop a yearning to spice the usual vacation fare with a camping trip into the wide open spaces.
Camp meals are no great problem.
There have been many extremely competent men who have been converted into very incompetent managers or submerged in paper work, to their own and the public's dissatisfaction and loss.
As several recent books have over-emphasized, we have become the most status-conscious nation in the world.
So we asked such men in major companies in the design field to offer their opinions on the "dual-road-up" problem -- and more importantly -- their solutions.
As examples at GE: Glen B. Warren, formerly manager of the Turbine Division, widely recognized as a turbine designer.
Senior Physicist.
The company expects to extend upward both compensation and status for non-supervisory engineers, but probably not into executive levels.
These men are considered managers of engineers.
We have these positions, which compare directly: Af
Scientists who agitate hardest for technical recognition are often the most reluctant to accept it.
These are only halfway measures, and the answer will come when some way is found to allow the technical man in industry to progress without limit in salary and prestige".
Publicity is given to the award of patents to our engineers and financial support is provided for individual membership in technical societies.
"These recent steps do not offer the possibility of extension to the great number of senior engineers who have displayed technical competence.
Ritter is the builder of Oakwood Heights and president of Kahler-Craft Distributors, Inc., Newburgh, N.Y.
Tri-State has acquired its exclusive distribution for the northern, principal heating states.
How does Tri-State get its revenue from this plan?
For this first development the supplier signing the lease is a major oil company but in turn the deal is being transferred for operation to its local fueloil distributor.
There must be a restriction in the deed to provide that the customer may not be charged more than the current market price for the oil, an obvious precaution, since the account is permanently wedded, just like with gas or electricity.
But in a new development where everything starts from scratch the solutions are simple.
A big mechanical ditcher was running the trenches, and the town building inspector was paying a friendly, if curious, visit.
Pitch it out.
Dow says that the fluid can be used now for two years.
Have a talk with your insurance agent.
The figure five is important in insurance.
the art of preprinting in distortion was similarly perfected by the sign makers;
Four years ago, the company's entire line was devoted to neon signs;
Plastic signs are economical.
Pre-decoration, low-cost molds, and the freedom to form large and small, thick and thin materials make plastics tailor-made for the industry.
At present, both the familiar cast acrylic and the newer extruded sheets are being used by sign manufacturers, with extruded now representing an estimated 10% of the total.
(see MPl, Mar. 1961, p. 98).
With the source of light behind the copy, there is no loss of lumen output, as with conventional boards illuminated by means of reflected light.
As used by Industrial Electric Inc., the film panels are printed one at a time, as are 24-sheet posters.
Signs are meant to convey a message, and in most cases, this requires words and letters.
The fact that even the larger letters weighed only 5 lb. each made it possible to secure the letters to the building through clear acrylic angle brackets cemented to the letters.
Finished signs are produced by sliding the separate letter panels into channels of 0.025-in. aluminum, which may be mounted to various surfaces.
For example:
You can save all that shimming time if you set your windows in one, two, three order -- first the stud on one side, then the window, then the stud on the other side.
It makes it easy to handle much heavier units, so you can plan to build with much bigger and heavier prefabricated components like those shown in the pictures alongside.
5.
only one box car in eight has the wide doors needed for unit loads;
There are few areas left where a builder cannot find a dealer equipped to save him money by delivering everything at lower cost just where his workmen will need it.
Most of the others will swallow their $.50 to $3 charge rather than lose a good customer.
More unitized lumber is being shipped on flat cars, and NLRDA studies show that flat cars loaded with the new Type 6-B floating-load method can be unloaded for as little as $.054/mbf.
Says Wright: "Our survey shows that one third of the retail dealers plan to increase the mechanization of their materials handling in the coming two years.
The SCR process, with its precision corner-posts, its precision guide lines, its working level scaffold, and its hand-level brick supply takes eight manhours to get set, but once ready it makes it easy for bricklayers to lay a thousand bricks a day.
.
Following a guide, and gratefully so, is an excellent way to see all the important places when everything is strange and new.
Then, of course, there are those of us who either do not want or need or cannot afford another car.
At some cities, this pick-up and delivery service is without additional charge, and, if you are budget-wise, when you are planning your itinerary, you will take advantage of these free delivery and collection stations in major cities within the larger European countries.
As in the United States, there is a flat fee-per-day rental charge plus a few cents per kilometer driven, and the per-day rate drops if the car is retained for a week.
All model cars are not available in all countries.
Rates in Greece and Finland are fairly high, actually the highest in Europe, and, surprisingly enough, they are also quite high in Ireland.
Then, too, European drivers have reputations for being somewhat crazy on the road and some Americans are not particularly keen on getting mixed up with them.
If you drive greater distances than that, you'll just be skimming the surface and will never discover the enchantment, fascination and beauty which lured you in the first place to explore the hinterlands.
At this point, unfortunately, romance becomes a regrettably small part of the picture;
It is only fairly recently, however, that linguists have developed a systematic way of charting voices on paper in a way that tells even more about the speakers and about the success or failure of human communication between two people.
And while the meaning of the words is not in this instance altered, the quality of communication in both the second and third examples is definitely impaired.
Linguistic charting of the transcribed interview flags points where the patient's voice departs from expected norms.
He may then very well conclude that "everybody" is probably not the true target of her resentment.
His own communication apparatus operated superbly, and Lillian Ross readers will note instantly its total lack of resemblance to the blunted, monumentally unmeshed mechanism of Dr. Blauberman.
The word that is not used can be as important as the word that is used;
Which was poison gas.
"However, evidence that the Axis powers are making significant preparations indicative of such an intention is being reported with increasing frequency from a variety of sources.
Secrecy was paramount.
After it had reappeared the next two nights, Jenks went to higher headquarters and said:
The Royal Air Force had but a single light anti-aircraft squadron and two balloon units available.
We can't expect any help from the fighters at Foggia, either.
Above decks on the John Harvey, Lieutenant Richardson gazed at the lights still burning on the port wall and felt uneasy.
Deck Cadet James L. Cahill and Seaman Walter Brooks had been the first to leave.
But he had mistaken it for bugs.
Another, longer strip of tinsel whipped his mouth.
They had winged over the Adriatic, they had taken Bari by complete surprise and now they were battering her, attacking with deadly skill.
Ensign Vesole and his gunners had fought valiantly, but they had no targets.
You explain, "I have the strangest feeling of having lived through this very same event before.
The famous author tells us of the strange incident in Something About Myself.
And when psychology explains glibly, "but the subconscious mind is able to produce it" it refers to a mental region so vaguely identified that it may embrace the entire universal mind as conceivably as part of the individual mind.
The entire concept of cerebral imagery as the physical basis of a mental image can find no logical support.
We know that the number of radio and television impulses, sound waves, ultra-violet rays, etc., that may occupy the very same space, each solitary upon its own frequency, is infinite.
When consciousness deserts the sleeping body and the wakeful world, it continues in the myriad progressions of the ever-present past and future, in a life as vibrant and real as the one left when the body tired and required sleep.
That the perfect continuity was composed from the joblot of memory impressions in the professor's brain, or 2.
If Depew had told any academic psychologist that he had a weird feeling of having lived through that identical convention session at some time in the past, he would have been informed that he was a victim of deja vue.
These contemporary structures, beautifully adapted to a school in the country, are home to 60 children, ages eight to fourteen, grades four through eight.
Mr. Clark found that orthodox procedures of deep plowing, use of chemical fertilizers and insecticides, plus the application of conservation principles of rotation and contouring, did not prevent sheet erosion in the potato fields and depreciation of the soil.
Years of patient application of compost and leaf mulching has changed the structure of the soil and its water-holding capacity.
Mr. Clark still has to use rotenone with potatoes grown on the least fertile fields, but he has watched the insect damage decrease steadily and hopes that continued use of compost and leaf mulch will allow him to do without it in the future.
Mrs. Clark, as house manager, planned the menus and cared for the ordering.
It is well liked by the children and faculty.
The school has received letters from parents asking, "What happened to Johnny?
Milk appears twice a day.
Oranges and grapefruit are shipped from Florida weekly from an organic farm.
Nothing is peeled.
This and raw sugar replace ordinary refined sugar on the tables and very little sugar is used in cooking.
Outdoor exercises
He peered ahead and grinned as the railroad tracks came into view again below.
And once medicine, food, clothing and shelter had been provided for the flood's victims, communications and the mail were the next top problems.
Anticipating delivery of medicines and yeast by plane, Granite City citizens formed an airfield committee and with the aid of quarrymen and the 172nd Infantry, Vermont National Guard, laid out runways on Wilson flat, high on Millstone Hill.
In Concord, Bob Fogg was the most prominent New Hampshire boy with wings.
Each time in, the unhappy pilot, pushing his luck, begged the postal officials that met him to find a safer landing place, preferably on the flat-topped hills across the Winooski River.
As a wind direction indicator, they tied a cotton rag to a sapling.
Became "Yes, the first half hour is tough, but by then I'm so numb I don't notice it"!
Plane radios were not yet available, and once in the air, Fogg flew his ship by compass, a good memory for landmarks as seen from above, and a capacity for dead reckoning and quick computation.
Day after day Fogg shuttled back and forth on his one-man air mail route, until the farmers in their snowy barnyards and the road repairmen came to recognize the stubby plane as their link with the rest of the country.
What do I do now"?
Oh sure!
Where do I go from here?
All this is standard equipment for a man of your day;
The Planning Dept. comes into existence.
Let this generation have theirs.
You've got to learn to live with it.
You've got to do something.
Maybe you are not that gifted either, but how about puttering around with the old paints?
When you see a needle in my hands you will know the family buttons have fallen off and I have to sew them back on, or get out the safety pins.
Some make beautiful chairs, cabinets, chests, doll houses, etc.
Will it be short stories, fiction, nonfiction, biography, poetry, children's stories, or even a book if you are really ambitious?
You say, "But it costs a lot of money to have a hobby.
So far, the covers have never been off the boxes.
When we turn to Noah Webster we find him helpful as usual.
In our own time we have seen the most fantastic imagery of a Jules Verne come into actuality.
Is not the present world crisis a race between things we have created which can now destroy us and between populations of sufficient wisdom and character to forestall the tragedy.
If the wedding party lasted late, and the travel schedule means there are only a few hours before resuming the trip or making an early start, the husband may forestall tensions and uncertainties by confiding to his bride that lying in each other's arms will be bliss enough for these few hours.
It is also important to realize that many girls are born without a hymen or at most only a tiny trace of one;
Gynecologists and marriage manuals began to advise that the bride should consult a physician before marriage.
Since it is a purely professional situation, none of the pain is associated with love-making or the beloved.
The long, unhurried approach and the deliberate prolongation of fore-play work on several levels.
Locker-room talk often stresses the idea that a man is doing the girl a favor if he is forceful and ruthless during the first penetration.
Or the frequent need to check and discipline himself to the wisest pace of the consummation can put him off stride and make it impossible for him to be continuously ready for penetration over a long period.
Both man and wife should be aware of the fact that a lack of climax, and even the absence of the anticipated keen pleasure are not a sign that the wife may be cold or frigid.
The indignant crusader sees the nude or semi-nude human form as "lewd and pornographic, a threat and danger" to all the young, or good, or religious, or moral persons.
Instead one partner or the other dominates the sexual relationship.
Yet even in these marriages, psychologists say, wives are asserting themselves more strongly.
It can, in fact, wreck a marriage.
Caught at last, he was sentenced to prison.
The wife is likely to be young, sophisticated, smart as a whip -- often a girl who has sacrificed a promising career for marriage.
Generally, however, in such marriages as those cited, the husband is at his wife's mercy.
Asked why, he replied primly: "Because that's no activity for a gentleman".
When did women begin to assert themselves sexually?
Marriage manuals and women's magazine articles began to stress the importance of the female climax.
But her personality was such that each affair lasted only until that lover, too, had been conquered and reduced to passivity.
"The important point is that both be satisfied with the adjustment".
And Houston police have the final say in the matter since she died there on September 20, 1960, "Diane Harris Graham, 30, D.O.A., circumstances -- unusual".
It was when she was seized as a material witness that she got the designation she liked best.
She has been acting as a prostitute.
As she told it, "He's a rich boy friend, an old guy about 60".
She thought she had great possibilities in the ballet and wanted to show the eminent producer how well she could dance.
One of the blonde's yearnings that he satisfied was for travel.
She teamed up with another beauty, whose name has been lost to history, and commenced with some fiddling that would have made Nero envious.
The girls, after dressing, were indignant.
Pulley Bey spoke no English.
The roof was about ready to fall in on Diane's little world, but it took nothing less than the Egyptian revolution to bring it down.
It was no longer fashionable to be seen with fabulous "Lady Harrington".
When he realized she was dead, he called two lawyers and then the police.
I am a carpet salesman.
"Doctor" Lee asked her to lie down on a bed and remove her shoes.
Continuing glibly in this vein, he paused to comfort her:
When she said that she didn't have the money, he said that she could come in for treatment with his office model until she was ready to buy one.
And she felt amply rewarded for her suffering when the evidence of Lee's quack shenanigans, gathered by the tape recorder under her friend's clothing, proved adequate in court for convicting Franklin D. Lee.
He may call himself a anaprapath, a physiotherapist, an electrotherapist, a naturopath, a sanipractor, a medical cultist, a masseur, a "doctor" -- or what have you.
That's why the FDA, the American Medical Association (AMA), and the National Better Business Bureau (BBB) have estimated the toll of mechanical quackery to be a substantial portion of the $610 million or so paid to medical charlatans annually.
Sarah Gross found that the treatments given her for a nervous ailment by the masseur were not helping her.
But he's a welfare case now -- a human wreck -- thanks to this modern witch doctor.
His prescription: hot and cold compresses to increase her absorption of water.
"Unfortunately", says Chief Postal Inspector David H. Stephens, who has prosecuted many device quacks, "the ghouls who trade on the hopes of the desperately ill often cannot be successfully prosecuted because the patients who are the chief witnesses die before the case is called up in court".
They are often ignorant as well as underprivileged.
What do parents need to know about those "years of the braces" in order not to waste a child's time and their money?
A child probably requires some form of treatment if he has any of the following conditions:
It's perfectly normal for babies to suck their thumbs, and no mother need worry if a child continues this habit until he is two or three years old.
Yet from the dentist's point of view, bad-fitting teeth should be corrected for physical reasons.
In the period from 10 to 14 the permanent set of teeth is usually completed, yet the continuing growth of bony tissue makes moving badly placed teeth comparatively easy.
"If teeth are moved too rapidly, serious injury can be done to their roots as well as to the surrounding bone holding them in place", explains Dr. Brodie.
Usually this is a thin band of wire attached to the molars and stretching across the teeth.
An average national figure for two to three years of treatment would be $650 to $1,000.
Research helps families
In other cases, in view of present-day knowledge of head growth, orthodontists will recommend waiting four or five years before treatment.
Prevention is best
As the hour progresses, the sensitive seems to probe more deeply and to make more personal and specific statements.
What we have here is in some ways more like an ordinary conversation.
Dr. Karlis Osis, Director of Research at the Parapsychology Foundation, described the basis for the experiment in a tomorrow article, ("New Research On Survival After Death", Spring 1958).
As always, a tape recording or detailed notes are made, and a typescript of this is sent to the absent sitter.
One sitter may think "a leather couch" identifies a reading as surely directed to him;
Methods have been developed of assigning "weights" to statements;
That is one thing the experiments are designed to find out.
It is possible to find out in which categories most of her correct statements fall, and where she makes most of her "hits".
Perhaps this is not so extraordinary after all.
taken with other details it could have referred to a state of mental or spiritual confinement.
He cannot leave the farm to take work in another locality on short notice;
Returns for money and labor invested may be small even in a good year.
This may be true whether the farm is owned or rented.
It is particularly suitable for those who need to work or exercise out of doors for their health.
It depends on the kind and the scale of the farming operation.
Some part-time farmers buy more land than they need in anticipation of suburban development.
Do not include all your spare time or all your family's spare time -- only what you are willing to use for farm work.
If an expensive and specialized piece of machinery is needed -- such as a spray rig, a combine, or a binder -- it is better to pay someone with a machine to do the work.
Choose a location within easy commuting distance of both the regular job and other employment opportunities.
Look for a farm in a neighborhood of well-kept homes.
You cannot get along without an adequate supply of pure water.
The house
Take into account the difference in city and county taxes, insurance rates, utility rates, and the cost of travel to work.
Otherwise, you may pay too much for the farm and get nothing for your labor.
Would not the emotional catharsis eventually brought on by this awfulness have a calming, if not exhausting, effect likely to improve his client's chances?
It was the conclusion of the first phase of a process of tragic recollection, and of refining the recollection, that will last as long as there are Jews.
Shout at Eichmann though he might, the Prosecutor could not establish that the defendant was falsifying the way he felt about Jews or that what he did feel fell into the generally recognized category of anti-Semitism.
The infamous Wansee Conference called by Heydrich in January 1942, to organize the material and technical means to put to death the eleven million Jews spread throughout the nations of Europe, was attended by representatives of major organs of the German state, including the Reich Minister of the Interior, the State Secretary in charge of the Four Year Plan, the Reich Minister of Justice, the Under Secretary of Foreign Affairs.
The Final Solution proved that the Jew-baiter of any variety exposes himself as being implicated in the criminality and madness of others.
once in power he begins to give vent to a criminal opportunism that causes him to alternate between megalomania and envy of those above him.
It is not that the facts of the persecution were unavailable;
These incidents, typical of many others, dramatize the distressing fact that no controversy during the last several decades has caused more tension, rancor and strife among religious groups in this country than the birth-control issue.
Instead of Catholics'being obliged or even encouraged to beget the greatest possible number of offspring, as many Non-Catholics imagine, the ideal of responsible parenthood is stressed.
With the exception of the Roman Catholic and the Orthodox Catholic Churches, most churches make no moral distinction between rhythm and mechanical or chemical contraceptives, allowing the couple free choice.
But people differ in their religious beliefs on scores of doctrines, without taking up arms against those who disagree with them.
The so-called "noble experiment" came to an inglorious end.
the other is the paramount importance in married life of deliberate and thoughtful self-control".
This development is reflected in the action taken in February, 1961, by the general board of the National Council of Churches, the largest Protestant organization in the Aj.
This brings us to the fact that the realities we are dealing with lie not in the field of civil legislation, but in the realm of conscience and religion: They are moral judgments and matters of theological belief.
What disaster struck the Discovery during those seventeen months?
The name: Henry Hudson.
The government forbade Hudson to return to Amsterdam with his ship.
He named this opening, between Baffin Island and Labrador, the "Furious Overfall".
Worse, his present crew included five men who had sailed with him before.
(The common misconception that he was Dutch and that his first name was Hendrik stem from Dutch documents of his third voyage.
With Hudson looking on, his protege Greene picked a fight with the ship's surgeon, Edward Wilson.
The trouble was at least partly Juet's doing.
The statement was effective.
The ship halted.
Hudson's reply was to accuse the mate of disloyalty.
There were other shifts and pay cuts according to the way individuals had conducted themselves.
The grant, which stretched southward to Lake Traverse -- the headwaters of the Red -- was made in May, 1811, and by October of that year a small group of Scots was settling for the winter at York Factory on Hudson Bay.
Here they built huts and a stockade named Fort Daer after Selkirk's barony in Scotland.
It was Dickson who suggested to Lord Selkirk that he return to the Atlantic coast by way of the United States.
They reached Fort Douglas in June 1820.
Observing their distressing condition, Colonel Snelling allowed these half-starved immigrants to settle on the military reservation.
At Fort Garry some of the Swiss also decided to cast their lot with the United States, and in 1823 several families paid guides to take them to Fort Snelling.
The resultant town, platted in 1847 and named for the patron of Father Galtier's mission, St. Paul, was to become an important center of the fur trade and was to take on a new interest for those Selkirkers who remained at Red River.
The trade in a few commodities noted above was to grow in volume as a result of changes both north and south of the 49th parallel.
A third remarked of slowness of Southerners: "they moved about from corner to corner, as uneasy as a litter of hungry leaches on the neck of a wooden god".
I don't feel much like a maryed man but I never forgit it sofar as to court enny other lady but if I should you must forgive me as I am so forgitful".
Men of more delicate sensibilities referred to this condition as "looseness of the bowels";
Save for brief periods in garrison or winter quarters, soldiers rarely enjoyed the luxury of a writing desk or table.
3,
Occasionally gay young blades would write vividly to boon companions at home about their amorous exploits in Richmond, Petersburg, Washington, or Nashville.
I will shute him as shore as I sea him".
A Floridian stated that his officers were "not fit to tote guts to a bear".
Another Yankee became so disgusted as to state: "I wish to God one half of our officers were knocked in the head by slinging them against (the other half)".
They recooned as how you'uns all would be a heap wus to we'uns all'".
One can apply these facts to Britain in the late eighteenth and nineteenth centuries as she spread her dominion over palm and pine, and they can be applied again to the United States in more recent years.
A heterogeneous people have needed it to attain an element of cultural and political cohesion in a new and ever-changing land.
It has come to mean myths, legends, tales, songs, proverbs, riddles, superstitions, rhymes and such literary forms of expression.
On the one side we have the university professors and their students, trained in Teutonic methods of research, who have sought out, collected and studied the true products of the oral traditions of the ethnic, regional and occupational groups that make up this nation.
The outlook for the amateur, for instance, is usually dependent on his fondness for local history or for the picturesque.
Both shudder at the thought of proceeding too far beyond the sewage system and the electric light lines.
they see it as a potpourri of charming, moral legends and patriotic anecdotes, with a superstition or remedy thrown in here and there.
In the first place, a good many writers who are said to use folklore, do not, unless one counts an occasional superstition or tale.
As part of the same arrangement, Torrio had, in the spirit of peace and good will, and in exchange for armed support in the April election campaign, bestowed upon O'Banion a third share in the Hawthorne Smoke Shop proceeds and a cut in the Cicero beer trade.
he divided humanity into "right guys" and "wrong guys", and the wrong ones he was always willing to kill and trample under.
Because of this he was known as Gimpy (but, as with Capone and his nickname of Scarface, never in his presence).
the jury wanted better evidence than that and he was acquitted, at a cost of $30,000 in bribes, it was estimated.
To forestall any change of allegiance, the Democrats hastily organised a testimonial banquet for O'Banion, as public reward for his past services and as a reminder of where his loyalties lay.
Then O'Banion was presented with a platinum watch set with rubies and diamonds.
They were disturbed by his idiotic bravado -- as, when his bodyguard, Yankee Schwartz, complained that he had been snubbed by Dave Miller, a prize-fight referee, chieftain of a Jewish gang and one of four brothers of tough reputation, who were Hirschey, a gambler-politician in loose beer-running league with Torrio and O'Banion, Frank, a policeman, and Max, the youngest.
O'Banion's reaction was: "Three hundred dollars!
In six months O'Banion had boosted the profits to $100,000 a month -- mainly by bringing pressure to bear on fifty Chicago speak-easy proprietors to shift out to the suburb.
A tsunami may be started by a sea bottom slide, an earthquake or a volcanic eruption.
Japan has had 15 destructive ones (eight of them disastrous) since 1596.
The greater the depth of the water, the greater is the speed of the wave;
They usually range from 20 to 60 feet in height, but when they pour into a V-shaped inlet or harbor they may rise to mountainous proportions.
The waves are separated by intervals of 15 minutes to an hour or more (because of their great length), and this has often lulled people into thinking after the first great wave has crashed that it is all over.
The highest waves, 55 feet, occurred at Pololu Valley.
Ordinary water tides are disregarded.
Since the 1946 disaster there have been 15 tsunami in the Pacific, but only one was of any consequence.
But it is plain that a warning system, however efficient, is not enough.
Today's earthquakes are most numerous in belts where the earth's restlessness is presently concentrated, but scars of the past show that there is no part of the earth that has not had them.
Knowledge gained from studying earthquake waves has been applied in various fields.
Bursting from the lips of a charging cavalry trooper was the last sound heard on this earth by untold numbers of Cheyennes, Sioux and Apaches, Mexican banditos under Pancho Villa, Japanese in the South Pacific, and Chinese and North Korean Communists in Korea.
Outside of combat, he couldn't have landed in a tougher spot.
There was no weapon Early could not take apart and reassemble blind-folded.
It didn't take Captain Chandler long to realize that he had to carry a heavy load of tradition on his shoulders as commander of Troop Aj.
Though there was an occasional good-natured chuckle about Marvin Goulding, the Jewish officer from Chicago, singing tearfully about the ould sod, no one really thought it was strange.
When the Korean war began, on June 25, 1950, the anniversary of the day Custer had gone down fighting at the Little Big Horn and the day the regiment had assaulted the beachhead of Leyte during World War 2, the 7th Cavalry was not in the best fighting condition.
They came in waves.
He took one step, two, broke into a trot and then into a run.
He went down like a wet rag and the attackers hit the dirt in the face of the withering enemy fire.
For an instant his men hesitated, unable to believe that their lieutenant, the most popular officer in the regiment, was dead.
So filled was Mel Chandler with the spirit of Garryowen that after Korea was over, he took on the job of writing the complete history of the regiment.
Brevet Major General George Armstrong Custer was the regiment's first permanent commander and, like such generals as George S. Patton and Terry De La Mesa Allen in their rise to military prominence, Custer was a believer in blood and guts warfare.
Assumption 2.
but if we must choose between peace and keeping the Communists out of Berlin, then we must fight.
This much having been said, the question remains whether we have the resources for the job we have to do -- defeat Communism -- and, if so, how those resources ought to be used.
I have often searched for a graphic way of impressing our superiority on those Americans who have doubts, and I think Mr. Jameson Campaigne has done it well in his new book American Might And Soviet Myth.
The argument was typically advanced in terms of U.S. "prestige".
To the extent, then, that declining U.S. prestige means that other nations will be tempted to place their bets on an ultimate American defeat, and will thus be more vulnerable to Soviet intimidation, there is reason for concern.
Thus, typically, the first stage of a Communist takeover is to "neutralize" a country.
Today Sukarno's government is heavily besieged by avowed Communists, and for all of its "neutralist" pretensions, it is a firm ally of Soviet policy.
One Latin American country, Cuba, has become a Soviet bridgehead ninety miles off our coast.
Only in one instance have we moved purposively and effectively to dislodge existing Communist power: in Guatemala.
Then the lights went out.
She held out her hand to show that she had money.
A traditional Lao explanation is that the moon was being swallowed by a toad, and the remedy was to make all possible noise, ideally with firearms.
What had been the ambassador's suite was now jagged walls of blackened brick.
They spread over an area no larger than Oregon;
The slim pirogues in harmony with the majestically meandering Mekong River.
Even if it did not, how would this little world of gentle people cope with its new reality of grenades and submachine guns?
But he had never seen the mountainous half of his native land north of Vientiane, including the royal capital, Luang Prabang.
Although we enjoyed our rounds of the government offices in Vientiane, with officials offering tea and pleasing conversation in French, we were getting nowhere.
Then we drove on, until there was no more road and we traversed dry rice fields, bouncing across their squat earth walls.
"What you see are self-help projects", John said.
That's a big step toward a modern state.
Then we hung overboard in the water.
I was careful to keep my feet, the seat of the least worthy spirits, from pointing at anyone's head, where the worthiest spirits reside.
We could see maggots moving.
You can communicate in your own way.
and financial independence -- 21 per cent.
"When you marry, you want to have things in common", a girl said, "and it's hard when you don't marry someone with your own background".
In their first two years in high school, Jewish boys in this town make strenuous exertions to win positions on the school teams.
However, among the girls, there are some morale-enhancing compensations for not going to college.
There are two reasons for this.
At the same time, there is a good deal of self-congratulation at attending a good college -- they are even inclined to exaggerate its not inconsiderable virtues -- and they express pleasure at the cozy in-group feeling that the college generates.
It's so much trouble, I don't usually bother".
Then, with the new affluence, there is actually a sallying forth into the wide, wide world beyond the precincts of New York.
"Almost everybody in the senior class is married", students say dogmatically.
The Fort Lauderdale encampment for drinking is foreign to most Brooklyn College boys.
(Doctors now say that it was not the meat but the coolness of the applications which relieved the pain.
A sympathetic friend made poultices of raw potato parings, which she said was the best and quickest way to draw out the "heat".
Tobacco was common first aid.
they would feed on its surface, leaving it clean so that it could be medically treated.
Nosebleed could be stopped by wrapping a red woolen string about the patient's neck and tying it in a knot for each year of his life.
This was used also for bruises.
mud was sometimes used as well as soap.
As the seed swelled its glutinous covering protected the eyeball from irritation, and both the cinder and the seed could soon be washed out.
Frostbite was treated by putting the feet and hands in ice water or by rubbing them with snow.
Another common cure was to soak the feet five or ten minutes in warm water, then to apply a solution of equal parts of soda and common brown soap on a kid bandage overnight.
I know this worked.
One doctor prescribed a tablespoon of whiskey or brandy before each meal for leg cramps.
he may also be the one who makes and bottles the best blends -- sound wines from vineyards generally in his own district.
Now the drinking of wine (and happily so!
Wine stored for a long time should be on its side;
consequently, one's wine closet or cellar should be away from machines or electrically driven furnaces.
It may be a bit cold when poured;
a Pouilly-Fuisse or a Chablis somewhat less cold.
Thus, red wine must, if possible, never be disturbed or shaken;
For, in the process of decanting, the bottle is only tilted once instead of several or more times at the table: hence, a minimum of the undesirable mixture of wine and dregs.
The slaves appeared to be in good health and at work under John Palfrey's overseer.
Henry hid his annoyance, although both he and William were furious with their Yankee brother.
Lacking specific instructions, he agreed to William's condition.
;
Otherwise, freedom would mean removal from the state in which "as the place of their past residence from birth, or for many years, it would be materially for their advantage to be at liberty to remain".
During his journey Palfrey stopped off to see two abolitionists.
Palfrey's autobiography contains a melodramatic account of two perilous days spent among the planters of Attakapas, "many of whom were coarse & passionate people, much excited by what they heard of my plans".
Palfrey returned to Massachusetts greatly relieved to have made an arrangement "so satisfactory to my judgment & my conscience".
On March 21, 1845 the bark Bashaw weighed anchor at New Orleans, while on the levee Henry and William Palfrey waved farewell to their father's former chattels who must have looked back at the receding shore with mingled regret and jubilation.
Once the question of emancipation was settled to Palfrey's satisfaction, he faced a real problem in placing the freedmen in suitable homes as servants.
Many of the new appointees are art collectors.
Another, Arthur M. Schlesinger, Jr., has won a Pulitzer Prize in history;
Besides Schlesinger, the Justice Department's Information Director, Edwin Guthman, has won a Pulitzer Prize (for national reporting).
Walton dropped everything to serve as a district co-ordinator in the hard-fought Wisconsin primary and proved so useful that he was promoted to be liaison officer to critically important New York City.
Udall argues that Interior affairs should cover a great deal more than dams and wildlife preserves.
The last Congress adopted seven bills for memorials, including one to Taras Shevchenko, the Ukrainian poet laureate;
It now serves the President in his oval office.
A valuable pencil-and-sepia allegorical drawing of Benjamin Franklin by Jean-Honore Fragonard has been donated by the art dealer Georges Wildenstein and now hangs in the Blue Room.
Kennedy made a midnight inspection of the Square.
The Dolley Madison House, Walton concluded, was scarcely worth preserving.
But there has always been an outdoor air to Dartmouth.
So he kissed her.
Dartmouth students ski everywhere in winter, starting with their own front door.
There is much to be said for a college that, while happily attuned to the sophisticated Ivies, still gives its students a chance to get up early in the morning and drive along back roads where a glimpse of small game, deer, or even bear is not uncommon.
The struggle was resolved in 1819 in the Supreme Court in one of the most intriguing cases in our judicial history.
and also of English Youth and any others".
By the end of the nineteenth century, in 1893, when the Big Three, Columbia, and Penn were populous centers of learning, Dartmouth graduated only sixty-nine.
Only a dozen or so schools send as many as six students, and there are seldom more than fifteen men in any single delegation.
It is still, however, the junior member of the League, if not in years at least in the catching up it has had to do.
She didn't like her stepmother, but nothing is known to have occurred shortly before the crime that could have caused such a murderous rage.
A few years ago, not too long before his death, Phillips revealed in a newspaper story that he had always suspected Morse of the murders.
Morse's alibi was not as solid as it seemed.
The conductor did recall having priests as passengers and this satisfied police, although the conductor also pointed out that in heavily Catholic Fall River there were priests riding on almost every trip the streetcar made, so Morse's statement really proved nothing.
This was long after Morse had left the house.
He could have left for Weybosset Street after her murder and made it in plenty of time by using the streetcar.
The time would have been shortly after the murder of Mrs. Borden and they noticed nothing unusual in his behavior.
He felt nothing further need be said about the servant girl.
Asked who this was, she named Harrington.
All the officials on the case seem to have been afflicted with a similar myopia as far as Bridget was concerned, although records in police files contain many reports of servants who have murdered their employers.
She finally settled in Fall River and, after being employed for a time by a Mrs. Reed, was hired by the Bordens.
An essay on "Freedom" written at 10 years of age quoted the Declaration of Independence, the freedom given to slaves in Canada, and the views of George Washington.
Do you think I might profitably study some of the history you do, perhaps two weeks behind you.
She discussed in her letters to Winslow some of the questions that came to her as she studied alone.
For three years he was connected with the U.S. Naval Observatory and with the U.S. Signal Corps;
While in Washington, D.C., Lucy Upton held positions in the U.S. Census Office, and in the Pension Bureau.
her great love of flowers and plants and birds;
and both believed that intellectual growth must go hand in hand with the development of sturdy character and Christian zeal.
She noted that no student had been withdrawn through loss of confidence;
She spoke also with deep thankfulness of the many individuals and agencies whose interest and efforts through the years had made the work so fruitful in results.
She remained in Atlanta through June and July;
The books of the school hold a memorial to her;
The "diversified occupations" program is a part-time trade-preparatory program conducted over two school years on a cooperative basis between the school and local industrial and business employers.
Statistically this has represented a loss to the nation, although one must admit that in an individual case the decision in retrospect may have been a wise one.
This is not due to any policy of discrimination on the part of the Northern universities.
I should like to underline four points I made in my first report with respect to vocational education.
I have been using the word "vocational" as a layman would at first sight think it should be used.
In spite of the shading of one type of course into another, I believe it is useful to talk about vocational courses as apart from academic courses.
Therefore employment and education in all the schools in a metropolitan area are related in different ways from those which are characteristic of the comprehensive high school described in my first report.
"What does he have in mind to do when he graduates"?
Hardly a window has been broken since Dunbar first was opened (and vandalism in schools is a major problem in many slum areas).
Peanuts are the world's second most important legume.
About 90 percent of the corn used in the United States is fed to animals.
The artist who paints in oil uses drying oils to carry the pigments and to protect his finished work for the ages.
Sizable amounts of soybean, coconut, and palm kernel oil -- seed oils that are produced primarily for food purposes -- also are used to make soaps, detergents, and paint resins.
Water-soluble gums are used in foods and drugs and in the manufacture of pulp and paper as thickeners, stabilizers, or dispersing agents.
All nut kernels are rich in protein.
and the sweet-smelling cumara nut, which is suited for perfumes.
Tradition has assigned medicinal values to seeds because of their alkaloids, aromatic oils, and highly flavored components.
Sesame seed, which comes from the tall pods of a plant grown in Egypt, Brazil, and Central America, has a toasted-nut flavor and can be used in almost any dish calling for almonds.
Cereal grains have been used for centuries to prepare fermented beverages.
The economic importance of seed crops actually is even greater, because additional returns are obtained from most of the corn, oats, barley, and sorghum -- as well as the cake and meal from the processing of flaxseed, cottonseed, and soybeans -- through conversion to poultry, meat, and dairy products.
To hold'em in a compact mass was "close herdin'".
The single animal or a small bunch were referred to as "strays";
Cattle drove to the northern ranges and held for two winters to mature'em into prime beef were said to be "double wintered".
The cowboy's humorous name for a cow givin'milk was a "milk pitcher".
After a roundup the pushin'of stray cattle of outside brands toward their home range was called "throwin'over".
The Injun's name for beef was "wohaw", and many of the old frontiersmen adopted it from their association with the Injun on the trails.
When cattle became more valuable, ranch owners frowned upon this practice and it was discontinued, at least when the boss was'round.
Such an animal was said to be "mealynosed".
The counters rode through the pasture countin'each bunch of grazin'cattle, and drifted it back so that it didn't get mixed with the uncounted cattle ahead.
When a cowhand said that a man had "good cow sense", he meant to pay'im a high compliment.
This mountain was known as The Black Reef and it rose almost perpendicularly for about two hundred feet, honeycombed with caves, top covered with dense scrub and creepers and tall grass.
Kearton got off and tore up some dry grass that grew in cracks between the rocks and piled it in a heap and wanted to make the smoke signal that would bring Loveless and Means and the rest of the party.
Two quick shots sounded.
She's just the other side of that bush"!
(In the graveyard at Nairobi he had been shown the graves of thirty-four big game hunters killed hunting the animals he was attempting to lasso.
From the lioness'point of view, this strange creature on the back of another creature, lashing out with its long thin paw, very likely appeared as something she could not at first cope with.
Jones yelled, "or she'll kill'em all.
The dogs were tired.
"Just the same we'll try it".
They tell you horses go crazy at the sight or smell of a bear or a lion, but these didn't.
For thirty yards she gained rapidly.
Enough, was the answer.
From behind her Means shot forward at a run.
As long as this point of view prevails, the ecumenical movement will be lame and halt.
It is here that the ecumenical must become local and the local become ecumenical.
Most people do not realize that the congregation, as a gathered fellowship meeting regularly face to face, personally sharing in a common experience and expressing that experience in daily relationships with one another, is unique.
There is a vast difference between the community of reconciliation which the New Testament describes and the community of congeniality found in the average church building.
A little parable illustrative of this truth is afforded by an incident related by Professor Bela Vasady at the end of the Second World War.
Likewise, the ecumenist may become so absorbed in the conflict of the church with the totalitarian state in East Germany, the precarious situation of the church in revolutionary China, and the anguish of the church over apartheid in South Africa that he loses close contact with the parish church in its unspectacular but indispensable ministry of worship, pastoral service and counseling, and Christian nurture for a face-to-face group of individuals.
Its preaching and its music give refreshment of spirit to men and women living under heavy strain.
It is raising no disturbing question as to what Christian stewardship means for the relationship of the richest nation in the world to economically underdeveloped peoples.
The story reflects the way too many people feel.
Every pitch in the game brought forth a howl from the enraptured audience and every fly ball the visitors dropped (and because their right fielder was still a little fuzzy from drink, they dropped many) called forth yelps of derision.
Even a city of thirty thousand might have six baseball teams, sponsored by grocers and hardware merchants or department stores, that played two or three times a week throughout the summer, usually in the cool of the evening, before an earnest and partisan audience who did not begrudge a quarter each, or even more, to be dropped into a hat when the game was half over.
One who, for a time, succeeded best and was still the sorriest of all was Charles Arthur Shires, who called himself, in the newspapers, Art the Great, or The Great Shires.
or who essayed to down full bottles of illicit gin without pausing for breath.
The deeds of this team, through two seasons and in the two World's Series that followed, have been written and talked about until hardly a word is left to be said.
While women had always attended ball games in small numbers (it was the part of a "dead game sport" in the early years of the twentieth century to be taken out to the ball park and to root, root, root for the home team), they had often sat in patient martyrdom, unable even to read the scoreboard, which sometimes seemed to indicate that one team led another by a score of three hundred and eighty to one hundred and fifty-one.
We hope thereby to emphasize that, from a psychological standpoint, the effectual prevention of illegitimacy is a continuous long-term process involving the socialization of the female from infancy through adolescence.
Others displayed utter apathy and indifference to any decision about the past or the future.
and allowed little initiative in early play and work patterns -- then in adolescence her normal degree of vanity, sensitivity, and preoccupation with whether others find her appearance and behavior acceptable, will be compounded.
These childhood experiences are sources of the self-certainty that the adolescent needs, for experimenting with many roles, and for the freedom to fail sometimes in the process of exploring and discovering her skills and abilities.
The comments made by some unwed mothers (quoted in Chapter 2)) reflect this paralysis of workmanship.
Sex was both.
The diffusion is most pronounced and most likely to become fixed, however, in those who have had no or very minimal opportunities to develop the autonomy and initiative that could have been directed into constructive expression and so served as sources of developing self-certainty.
and they censured parents who "never disciplined and were too permissive" or who "never explained how easy it was to get pregnant".
"It is a duty", said Hough, "not to let pass this opportunity of protesting against the methods of taking and printing testimony in Equity, current in this circuit (and probably others), excused if not justified by the rules of the Supreme Court, especially to be found in patent causes, and flagrantly exemplified in this litigation.
William A. Redding asserted that if the case had been heard in open court under rules of evidence, the testimony would have been completed in sixty days instead of five years.
The vast industrial interests caught up in the Selden suit, as well as the complex character of the automotive art, encouraged both sides to exploit "every possible chance" for or against the patent, said Parker.
Under the new rules, testimony is taken orally in open court in all cases except those of an extraordinary character.
One of the chief features of this community of interest is the automotive patents cross-licensing agreement, a milestone in the development of American industrial cooperation.
Within its limits, this arrangement had the actual or potential characteristics of a cross-licensing agreement.
One manufacturer who held an allegedly basic patent said: "I would readily put over $50,000 into the manufacture of the device, but it is so easy to make that we would enter immediately into a prolonged ordeal of patent litigation which would eat up all our profits".
"It is a much easier course to agree to let one another alone so far as ordinary patents are concerned", said a trade authority, "than to continue the costly effort of straightening the tangle in the courts or seeking to reform the patent system, which appears to be getting into deeper confusion every day".
Continue another hundred yards to the Piazza of the Knights of Malta.
These two walks take you through the heart of Rome.
The remains of the Portico of Octavia are now in front of you.
The Palazzo Caetani, still inhabited by the Caetani family, adjoins the Palazzo Mattei.
)
Ask to see the modern tapestries of Paris and Rome designed by Lurcat.
For centuries it was the location of historic festivals and open-air sports events.
Now return to the Piazza Navona and leave it on the opposite side by the Corsia Agonale;
The only means of interior light is the twenty-nine-foot-wide aperture in the stupendous dome.
Horse races took place here in the Middle Ages.
The businessmen and racketeers also have a story.
which is precisely what, and where, he is, and is the reason he walks in twos and threes.
He becomes more callous, the population becomes more hostile, the situation grows more tense, and the police force is increased.
and he asked me in perfect innocence, "Why don't all the Negroes in the South move North"?
and what has once been a neighborhood turns into a "turf".
He did not, as far as I can gather, find the South "worse";
Personally, it is the Southerner's sexual coming of age, when, without any warning, unbreakable taboos are set up between himself and his past.
It seems to be indispensable to the national self-esteem that the Negro be considered either as a kind of ward (in which case we are told how many Negroes, comparatively, bought Cadillacs last year and how few, comparatively, were lynched), or as a victim (in which case we are promised that he will never vote in our assemblies or go to school with our kids).
Stevenson stated, in the course of his address, that the United States was "against" colonialism.
Nor was it long, naturally, before prominent Negroes rushed forward to assure the republic that the U.N. rioters do not represent the real feeling of the Negro community.
Wherever there is great social discontent, these people are, sooner or later, to be found.
The sensational and frightening enjoyed popularity: a train rushes straight at the audience, or a great wave threatens to break over the seats.
Moreover, the most artistically successful of the nonfiction films have invariably borrowed the narrative form from the fiction feature.
Immediately, the film improved and it improved because in narrative it found a content based on time to complement its own unbreakable connection with time.
it is also the rate of photographing.
Overnight, for one thing, Porter's film multiplied the standard running time of movies by ten.
All this is simple enough, but in telling the story Porter did two important things that had not been done before.
If, as a home movie maker, you shoot the inevitable footage of your child taking its first steps, you have merely recorded an historical event.
The "chase" as a standard film device probably dates from The Great Train Robbery, and there is a reason for the continued popularity of the device.
In about seven years Griffith either invented or first realized the possibilities of virtually every resource at the disposal of the film maker.
But no art at all was born of the art effort in the early movies.
The central city areas, in other words, exhibit the two characteristics which violate the life principle of congregations of the major denominations: they have too few middle-class people;
The congregation is first and foremost an economic peer group;
This fact is evident in the recruitment of new members.
) In a mobile society, congregational health depends on a constant process of recruitment;
the majority of such contacts are with people of similar social and economic position;
In general, friendly contact with a member followed by contact with a clergyman will account for a major share of recruitment by the churches, making it quite evident that the extension of economic integration through co-optation is the principal form of mission in the contemporary church;
These trends seem to be working at cross-purposes in the metropolis.
Negroes, Puerto Ricans, and rural newcomers are slowly making their way into the cities.
The keynotes of this style are activism and emphasis on achievements in gaining self-esteem.
The concessionaires also had to pay a tax of one-tenth on the goods they traded, and all pelts were to be taken to company stores and shipped to France in company ships.
For southeastern Louisiana, Mobile was the principal post, and it was to furnish supplies for trade to the north and east, in the region threatened by British traders.
Each of the five principal posts was to have a director, responsible to a director-general at New Orleans.
The Conseil even treated the serious matter of British aggression as its business and, on its own authority, sent to disaffected savages merchandise "suitable for the peltry trade".
He became, after a time, commander of a post on the Alabama River, but his operations extended from Mobile throughout the district, and he finally obtained a monopoly of the Indian trade.
His urgings brought some results.
These agents were to ascertain the difference between English and French goods, and the prices charged the Indians.
He asked also for more supplies to trade at a low price for the Indians'pelts.
It stated that it had lost 20,000,000 livres in its operations, and apparently blamed its poor success largely on the Indian trade.
Perier and Salmon, the intendant, wished either to entrust the trade to an association of merchants or to have the crown furnish goods on credit to individuals who would repay their debts with pelts.
The reason for this bears explaining for those who may wonder why State spends so much of its diplomatic energy on Congress when the Russians are so available.
No such political restraint subdues his blood when he gazes upon the State Department in anger.
State keeps the junketeering list a secret.
Nothing worked.
With its power to investigate, the Senate can paralyze the Secretary by keeping him in a state of perpetual testimony before committees, as it did with Dean Acheson.
He elected to "get along".
there are ninety-eight foreign embassies and legations in Washington.
When Ambassador Mikhail Menshikov took it over in 1957 from Georgi Zaroubin, he made a determined effort to change this idea.
"Smilin'Mike" was the sobriquet Washington gave him.
Rumor had it that his children numbered in the hundreds.
"Twenty-one", replied the sheik.
I know now why our Japanese friends were surprised when they walked into our bathroom.
She was a real experience!
Gambling is everywhere, especially among students.
My instructions were that Mr. Nishimo would meet me at the hotel, but instead he and three others were at the station with a very warm welcome.
At 6:00 p.m. we went to the Kyoto Spring dances at the place where these beautiful dances originated.
and he, being the eldest, was supposed to be a priest, but he chose to do differently, and one of his brothers is to become the priest.
In Nara I stayed at the hotel where the Prince and Princess had stayed on their honeymoon.
My train arrived in Hiroshima at the awful hour of 4:45 a.m.
Tokyo
Active alumnae have built a fine building on the campus where members can come and stay for a few days or longer and where they can have their social gatherings and professional meetings.
Masu's home economics training comes into play as she designs cupboards along modern functional lines for the storage of cleaning materials.
It would be directed against the actual location of the unjust policy which, for love's sake and for the sake of justice, must be removed, and, indivisible from this, to the economic injury of the people directly and objectively a part of this policy.
The end or aim of the action, of course, is also important, especially where it is not alone a matter of changing community customs but of the use of deadly economic power to intimidate a person from stepping forward to claim his legal rights, e.g., against Negroes who register to vote in Fayette County, Tennessee, at the present moment.
And when charity interpenetrates man's struggle for justice and freedom it does not simply surround this with a sentimental good will.
Here it is relevant to remember that men commonly regard some causes as more important than their lives;
Economy in the use of power means more than inflicting a barely intolerable pressure upon an opponent and upon the injustice opposed.
This leads to the conclusion that "the fact is inescapable that America does have a say in whether or not apartheid shall continue".
It is these other differences between North and South -- other, that is, than those which concern discrimination or social welfare -- which I chiefly discuss herein.
-- liberal considers that the need for a national economy with controls that will assure his conception of social justice is so great that individual and local liberties as well as democratic processes may have to yield before it.
His assumption seems to be that any such friends, being tolerable humans, must be more liberal than most Southerners and therefore at least partly in sympathy with his views.
From my wife's experience and other sources, this seems to be rarely encountered in educated circles.
I never heard of a poll being taken on the question.
Also, we should not even to-day discount the fact that a region such as the coastal lowlands centering on Charleston had closer ties with England and the West Indies than with the North even after independence.
But apart from racial problems, the old unreconstructed South -- to use the moderate words favored by Mr. Thomas Griffith -- finds itself unsympathetic to most of what is different about the civilization of the North.
Regardless of rights and wrongs, a population and an area appropriate to a pre-World-War- 1 great power have been, following conquest, ruled against their will by a neighboring people, and have had imposed upon them social and economic controls they dislike.
but at the same time it should not draw false inferences therefrom.
The South's antipathy to Northern civilization includes such charges as poor manners, harsh accents, lack of appreciation of the arts of living like gastronomy and the use of leisure.
)
Already firmly implanted internally, it is a growing factor in external matters.
The other, of course, was the Civil War, the conflict which a century ago insured national unity over fragmentation.
Internal national responsibility is a societal response to the impact of the Industrial Revolution.
Whether a concept analogous to the principle of internal responsibility operates in a nation's external relations is less obvious and more difficult to establish.
But it is more than that.
It is one of the ironic quirks of history that the viability and usefulness of nationalism and the territorial state are rapidly dissipating at precisely the time that the nation-state attained its highest number (approximately 100).
To him, law is the command of the sovereign (the English monarch) who personifies the power of the nation, while sovereignty is the power to make law -- i.e., to prevail over internal groups and to be free from the commands of other sovereigns in other nations.
Both concepts are undergoing alteration;
To the men in the instrument-jammed bomber cockpits, submarine compartments and the antiseptic, windowless rooms that would be the foxholes of tomorrow's impersonal intercontinental wars, the questions seem farfetched.
Among the policy makers, generals, physicists, psychologists and others charged with controlling the actions of the button pushers and their "hardware", the answers to my questions varied partly according to a man's flair for what the professionals in this field call "scenarios".
One arm represented our bombers and missiles, the other arm "theirs".
Its radar screens would register Soviet missiles shortly after they are launched against the United States.
Additional codes can be used to challenge and counterchallenge the authentications.
Nobody can be absolutely certain of the answers.
Officers who participate in the continual practice drills assured me that the President's decision could be made and announced on the gold circuit within minutes after the first flash from Aj.
He or his deputy or one of their seven assistants, all full colonels, mans the heart of the command post twenty-four hours a day.
In emergencies the SAC commander, Gen. Thomas Power, or his deputies and their staff would occupy a balcony that stretches across the length of the room above Wisman and his staff.
In point of fact, this is a beige box with a bright red door, about one and a half feet square and hung from the wall about six feet from the door to Wisman's right.
I asked Wisman what would happen if he broke out the go codes and tried to start transmitting one.
Each must match Wisman's "pie" with the fragment that he carries with him.
In the 360 degrees of horizon it obscured only a degree, no more.
Sometimes I guessed it was because the rain squall had changed direction.
They were studying the ground.
There are thousands of square miles of salt pan which are hideous.
Nothing appalling or horrible rushed upon these men.
And countless others like them have died.
seeing an aborigine today is a difficult thing.
The rancher was navigating his way across the flatland.
The landscape kept repeating itself.
It was not a pet.
His legs were narrow and very long.
like the man, she was entirely naked.
The odor here was more powerful than that which surrounded the town aborigines.
The boys had beautiful dark eyes and unlike their father they brushed constantly at the flies and blinked their eyes.
The Australian stopped trying to talk a pidgin I could understand, and spoke strange words from deep in his chest.
the desert encroached.
Often, too, the social institutions are housed in these pavilions and palaces and bridges, for these great structures are not simply "historical monuments";
I don't mean a few aesthetes who play about with sensations, like a young prince in a miniature dabbling his hand in a pool.
he sniffed the air and licked it on his lip and knew as a vintner knows a vintage.
from downstream, where the water level is much lower, it is a high, elaborately facaded pavilion.
Out of water, brick, and tile they have made far more than just a bridge.
Families go out to the edge of the terraces to sit on carpets around a samovar.
And it is expressed, at least to their taste, in a perfect form.
for example, the mode of bravery to this anonymous folk poem: "They brought me news that Spring is in the plains And Ahmad's blood the crimson tulip stains;
This schedule became too strenuous, even for the energetic and conscientious Mr. Steinberg.
She even devised a system of colors, whereby the boy could easily distinguish the different note values.
he became Otto Klemperer's personal assistant at the Cologne Opera, and a year later was promoted to the position of regular conductor.
During these years the youthful conductor had contributed greatly to the high level of musical life in Germany.
In 1938, at the insistence of Arturo Toscanini, Steinberg left Germany for the United States, by way of Switzerland.
Steinberg spoke with warmth and enthusiasm about Italy: "Rome is my second home.
My Pittsburghers have become real addicts to Mahler and Bruckner".
He had just paid a brief visit to the Frick Collection to admire his favorite paintings by Rembrandt and Franz Hals.
At the moment he was excited about his son's having received the Prix De Rome in archaeology and was looking forward to being present this summer at the excavation of an Etruscan tomb.
"But you want a job guaranteed when you return", I continued my attack.
What they wished for most was security;
In certain respects, their task was incomparably greater than ours today, for there was nobody before them to show them the way.
Eldest of the seven, Benjamin Franklin, a New Englander transplanted to Philadelphia, wrote the most dazzling success story in our history.
The active sponsor of Jefferson's measure for religious liberty in Virginia, Madison played the most influential single role in the drafting of the Constitution and in securing its ratification in Virginia, founded the first political party in American history, and, as Jefferson's Secretary of State and his successor in the Presidency, guided the nation through the troubled years of our second war with Britain.
He ended his public career as a two-term governor of New York.
And Hamilton, who felt it "a religious duty" to oppose Aaron Burr's political ambitions, would have been a better actuarial risk had he shown more literary restraint.
While he was handling the multi-million-dollar funding operations of the Government he had to resort to borrowing small sums from friends.
This sense of moderation and fairness is superbly exemplified in an exchange of letters between John Jay and a Tory refugee, Peter Van Schaack.
All sought the fruition of that nationalism in a Federal Government with substantial powers.
and the disguised one, as the serpent creeping with his deadly wiles into Paradise".
of the stereotyped Negro servants chanting hymns as they plow the fields;
It is said that, even at the present stage of Southern urbanization, such a city as Atlanta is not distinctly unlike Columbus or Trenton.
such are simply not within his bounded province.
Today's evidence, such as the fact that only three Southern states (South Carolina, Alabama and Mississippi) still openly defy integration, would have astounded many of yesterday's Southerners into speechlessness.
The modern Negro has not made a decisive debut into Southern fiction.
All but the most rabid of Confederate flag wavers admit that the Old Southern tradition is defunct in actuality and sigh that its passing was accompanied by the disappearance of many genteel and aristocratic traditions of the reputedly languid ante-bellum way of life.
On this trip to the South he wants, above all else, to sniff the effluvium of backwoods-and-sand-hill subhumanity and to see at least one barn burn at midnight".
He treats it with a mythological, universal application.
Most avant-garde creators, true to their interest in the self-sufficiency of pure movement, have tended to dress their dancers in simple lines and solid colors (often black) and to give them a bare cyclorama for a setting.
In each case, the object, the color, even the percussive sounds of the electronic score were designed to become part of the theatrical being of the performer.
The creator trusts his intuition to lead him along a path that has internal validity because it mirrors the reality of his experience.
Some painters have less interest in the experience of the moment, with its attendant urgencies and ambiguities, than in looking beyond the flux of particular impressions to a higher, more serene level of truth.
Musicians who use the chance method also exclude subjective control of formal development.
An exploration of these possible relationships constitutes the process of creation and thereby gives form to the dance.
A pervading quality of free lyricism and a building from turns close to the ground towards jumps into the air gives the work its central focus.
Movements unfold freely because they are uninhibited by emotional bias or purposive drive.
The sequence of movements in a Cunningham dance is unlike any sequence to be seen in life.
He may toss coins;
he adheres to its dictates as faithfully as he can.
Nothing can show more than this the immensity of the danger to democratic peoples that lies in even relatively slight deviation from their true concept of sovereignty.
"
It operated on, by and for the people individually just as did the Federal Constitution.
These are not, however, differences in federal structure.
Lincoln saw that the act of secession made the issue for the Union a vital one: Whether it was a Union of sovereign citizens that should continue to live, or an association of sovereign states that must fall prey either to "anarchy or despotism".
Out of this ordeal the citizen emerged, in the South as in the North, as America's true sovereign, in "a new birth of freedom", as Lincoln promised.
Its appeal from ballots to bullets at Fort Sumter ended by costing the Southerners their right to have slaves -- a right that was even less compatible with the sovereignty of man.
The answer is, of course, yes.
There is a haunting resemblance between the notion of cause in Copernicus and in Freud.
I want, therefore, to discuss a second and quite different fruit of science, the connection between scientific understanding and fear.
They are in general those fears that once seemed to have been amenable to prayer or ritual.
This understanding provides a very simple example of the fact that one can eliminate fear without instituting any controls.
What elements of our behavior are decisive?
Our inability to explain why certain people are fond of us frequently induces the same kind of ritual and malaise.
In the life sciences, there has been an enormous increase in our understanding of disease, in the mechanisms of heredity, and in bio- and physiological chemistry.
There are many domains in which understanding has brought about widespread and quite appropriate reduction in ritual and fear.
He was waiting.
Nevertheless I was curious.
For he has the pride that comes of self-acceptance and the humility, perhaps of the same genesis, not to impose himself upon another.
For one thing, the world that Beckett sees is already shattered.
"What is more true than anything else?
It realized that to admit them was to jeopardize form.
Plays more highly formalized than "Waiting For Godot", "Endgame", and "Krapp's Last Tape" would be hard to find.
Isn't all art ambiguous?
I asked about the battle between life and death in his plays.
How can we make sense of this division?
Given a theological lead, I asked what he thinks about those who find a religious significance to his plays.
The family was Protestant, but for me it was only irksome and I let it go.
As if it were perverse to do so!
He says nothing that compresses experience within a closed pattern.
The consciousness it mirrors may have come earlier to Europe than to America, but it is the consciousness that most "mature" societies arrive at when their successes in technological and economic systematization propel them into a time of examining the not-strictly-practical ends of culture.
But for the beat generation all is sex.
For this reason, too, their language is more forthright and earthy.
This is the Holy Grail these knights of the orgasm pursue, this is the irresistible cosmic urge to which they respond.
That is why, the argument runs, the squares are so fearful of jazz and yet perversely fascinated by it.
If he is the child of nothingness, if he is the predestined victim of an age of atomic wars, then he will consult only his own organic needs and go beyond good and evil.
Their rebellion against authoritarian society is not far removed from the violence of revolt characteristic of the juvenile delinquent.
There is nothing holy in wedlock.
The professed mission of this disaffiliated generation is to find a new way of life which they can express in poetry and fiction, but what they produce is unfortunately disordered, nourished solely on the hysteria of negation.
Sex as the creative principle of the universe, the secret of primitive religion, the life of myth.
The magic circle is, in fact, a symbol of and preparation for the metaphysical orgasm".
Side fences were hidden beneath lilacs and hundred-leaf roses;
Every path from back door to barn was covered by a grape-arbor, and every yard had its fruit trees.
Time in the sum is nothing.
I think that my grandmother was not an impassioned gardener: she was too indulgent a lover of dogs and grandchildren.
the lilacs themselves, that bloomed so prodigally but for the most part beyond our reach;
bright flowers from the trumpet vine that made "gloves" on the ends of ten waggling fingers.
even when the fences became a part of the game -- when a vine-embowered gate-post was the Sleeping Beauty's enchanted castle, or when Rapunzel let down her golden hair from beneath the crocketed spire, even then we paid little heed to those who went by on the path outside.
A wheel squeaked on a hub, was still, and squeaked again.
The sun moved slant-wise across the sky and down;
it was mud in wet weather and dust, ankle-deep, in dry, and could be crossed only at the corner where there were stepping stones.
At the same time the multiple transvestitism involved -- the fat man as girl and as baby, as coquette pretending to be a baby -- touches for a moment horrifyingly upon the secret sources of a life like Jacoby's, upon the sinister dreams which form the sources of any human life.
not less strikingly so for being mysterious, as though some deeply hidden constatation of thoughts were enciphered in a single image, a single moment.
The release, the freedom, involved in loving another is either terribly difficult or else absolutely impossible;
That this abandonment takes place on a stage, during an'artistic'performance, is enough to associate Jacoby with art, and to bring down upon him the punishment for art;
And the action is consistently presented with regard for this distinction.
This strange person quarrels with a cyclist because the latter is using the path rather than the highroad.
Piepsam's fatal rage arises not only because he cannot stop the cyclist, but also because God will not stop him;
he keeps a bottle in a wardrobe at home, and "before this wardrobe Praisegod Piepsam had before now gone literally on his knees, and in his wrestlings had bitten his tongue -- and still in the end capitulated".
"Gladius Dei" (1902) resembles "The Way To The Churchyard" in its representation of a conflict between light and dark, between "Life" and a spirit of criticism, negation, melancholy, but it goes considerably further in characterizing the elements of this conflict.
Thus the image of man has suffered complete fragmentation in personal and spiritual qualities, and complete objectification in sub-human and quasi-mechanistic powers.
On the other hand, we cannot regard artistic invention as pure, uncaused, and unrelated to the times in which it occurs.
The Poetics, in affirming that all human arts are "modes of imitation", gives a more serious role to artistic mimesis than did Plato.
In the first instance, "mimesis" is here used to mean the recalling of experience in terms of vivid images rather than in terms of abstract ideas or conventional designations.
Similarly experience itself can be conventionalized so that people react to certain preconceived clues for behavior without awareness of the vitality of their experiential field.
In contrast to all this, primary data are data of a self involved in environing processes and powers.
It takes a great deal of abstraction to free oneself from the primitive impression of larger unities of power and influence and to view one's world simply as a collection of sense data arranged in such and such sequence and pattern, devoid of all power to move the feelings and actions except in so far as they present themselves for inspection.
There were more indications by the mid-twentieth century.
At the present time, the counter-attack takes the line that there's no more of the true spirit of "integration" in the North than in the South.
Moreover, the law of the land is not irrevocable;
Is the consent of the governed a numerical majority?
I murmured something about a possible difference between New Mexico's history and Mississippi's.
that is, about one-half of one per cent, which looks pretty "tokenish" to me, especially in an institution which professes to be "national".
Being a teacher of American literature, I remembered Whittier's "Massachusetts To Virginia", where he said: "But that one dark loathsome burden ye must stagger with alone, And reap the bitter harvest which ye yourselves have sown".
He also spoke of "the wealth piled by the bondsman's two hundred and fifty years in unrequited toil".
Pay him"!
But that was a long time ago.
Isn't it a bit odd that the three states of Southern New England (Massachusetts, Connecticut, and Rhode Island) have had state institutions of university status only in the very recent past, these institutions having previously been A & M colleges?
In the early days of a homogeneous population, the public school was quite satisfactory.
He liked to fancy himself as a chieftain and to dress for the part.
It may, however, be noted that his gift for color and imagery must have been greatly stimulated by his stay in Paris.
And yet amid all the gay hedonism in Pilgrimage And Wander-Years is a cycle of short poems, "Thoughts In Loneliness", filled with brooding, melancholy, and sombre longing".
It slips away, it burns and tortures me.
He is driven back by his yearning to the wintry homeland of his fathers in the forest of Tiveden".
In scope and power it can only be compared to Tolstoy's War And Peace.
To carry out this exalted conception the author has combined the vivid realism and imaginative power we have noticed in his early poetry and carried them out on a grand scale.
Each is still glorified as a national hero.
But he plunges into yet another, this time with Norway, and is killed in an assault on the fortress of Fredrikshall, being only thirty-six years of age when he died.
It is different with his volume The Swedes And Their Chieftains (Svenskarna och deras Hovdingar), a history intended for the general reader and particularly suited for high school students.
The mythological private eye differs from his counterpart in real life in two essential ways.
He is, first and foremost, a defender of public morals, a servant of society.
Not only did the ideal entrepreneur not produce the greatest good for the greatest number, he ended by destroying himself, by giving birth to monopoly capitalism.
but his morality rests upon that of his society.
A brief list of the great detective's little idiosyncrasies would provide Dr. Freud with ample food for thought.
but the society which he serves bores him to tears.
The first series of Sherlock Holmes adventures ends with Holmes and Moriarty grappling together on the edge of a cliff.
they fled from the Victorian parlor and made their way across the stormy Atlantic.
In a society where everything is for sale, Marlowe is the only man who cannot be bought.
moreover, it is increasingly difficult to distinguish between the two.
In order to exonerate himself, he is compelled to find the real criminal, who happens to be his girl friend.
In order to save the mystery story, they have converted the private detective into an organization man.
This sentence would have most of the characteristics of a question, but it has some of the characteristics of a statement because the questioner has conveyed the fact that he has no faith in his own timepiece or the one attached to his car.
Since the air is a continuum, the network of communication remains intact regardless of the positions or motions of the points (the people) in the net.
The rural community.
Since the hazards of poor communication are so great, p can be justified as a habitable site only on the basis of unusual productivity such as is made available by a waterfall for milling purposes, a mine, or a sugar maple camp.
On the parade ground the net may be similar to that shown in Figure 3.
and are combinable into sequences which permit any marching maneuver that could be desired on a parade ground.
(B) A message runs too great a risk of being distorted if it is to be relayed more than about six consecutive times.
Furthermore, the network in Figure 3 is only the basic net through which other networks pertaining to logistics and the like are interlaced.
For example, there are persons who are in physical science, in the field of mineralogy, trained in crystallography, who use only X-rays, applying only the powder technique of X-ray diffraction, to clay minerals only, and who have spent the last fifteen years concentrating on the montmorillonites;
Let me quote him even more fully, for his analysis is important to my theme.
And with Progressivism the Religion of Humanity was replacing what Gabriel called Christian supernaturalism.
That John Locke's philosophy of the social contract fathered the American Revolution with its Declaration of Independence, I believe, we generally accept.
We of the liberal-led world got all set for peace and rehabilitation.
Lubell offers his book as an explanation of why there was no clue.
One of the obvious conclusions we can make on the basis of the last election, I suppose, is that we, the majority, were dissatisfied with Eisenhower conservatism.
Its refrain was: "let us return to the individualistic democracy of our forefathers for our salvation".
But it is the need to undertake these testaments that I would submit here as symptom of the common man's malaise.
Ralph Gabriel gave it the name of Protestant philosophy of Progress.
Have not our physical abilities already deteriorated because of the more sedentary lives we are now living?
best growth.
corporations now outmoded
When we "forced" individuals to assume the corporate structure by means of taxes and other legal statutes, we adopted what I would term "pseudo-capitalism" and so took a major step toward socialism.
The corporation in America is in reality our form of socialism, vying in a sense with the other socialistic form that has emerged within governmental bureaucracy.
and for this human beings must be firmly in control of the economics on which our society rests.
Men continuously at the head of growing enterprises can acquire experiences of the most varied, complicated and trying type so that at maturation they have developed the competence and willingness to accept the personal responsibility so sorely needed now.
If we cannot stop warfare in our own economic system, how can we expect to abolish it internationally?
This combined experience, on a foundation of very average, I assure you, intelligence and background, has helped me do things many well-informed people would bet heavily against.
Attorney General Palmer made a series of raids that sent more than 4,000 so-called radicals to the jails, in direct violation of their constitutional rights.
Despite this danger, however, we are informed on every hand that ideas, not machines, are our finest tools;
The writer took a class of college students to the state hospital for the mentally ill in St. Joseph, Missouri.
But are all these works worthy of consideration?
He could learn at second hand from books, but could not thus capture the real Jewish spirit.
He tells of his "Jewish heart" -- not a Shylockian heart;
His name became synonymous with cold-blooded cruelty.
What of the efficiency of this natural instrument of free discussion?
Will argument and debate decide its truth or falsity?
Will mere debate on that proposition, even though it be free and untrammeled, remove the dross and leave a residue of refined gold?
The merits of the Salk anti-polio vaccine were not established on the forensic platform or in newspaper editorials, but in the laboratory and by tests in the field on thousands of children.
We must not forget, to be sure, that free discussion and debate have produced beneficial results.
By no means would we discourage the production of ideas: they provide raw materials with which to work;
Because the responsibility for resolving the issue lay with the President, rather than with his doctors, nothing raises more surely for us the difficulties simple goodness faces in dealing with complex moral problems under political pressure.
He gave us a simile to explain his admission that even at the worst period of his second illness it never occurred to him there was any renewed question about his running: as in the Battle of the Bulge, he had no fears about the outcome until he read the American newspapers.
Neither the vibrant enthusiasm which bespeaks a people's intuitive sense of the fitness of things at climactic moments nor the vital argumentation betraying its sense that something significant has transpired was in evidence.
No consideration of risk urges itself upon him now: for this is what the mind does with the ideas on which it has not properly focussed.
About this man we had to think twice.
Drifting through a third illness, apparently without any provision for the handling of a major national emergency other than a talk with the vice-president, Eisenhower revealed the singularly static quality of his thinking.
The making of distinctions, like the perception of the great distinctions made, is an inordinately difficult business.
Rather it is a division established by two absolutely different ways of thought with regard to man's life in society.
The first two types of change occur within the inward and immanent structure of the society.
Precisely at the moment when it has lost its vision the mind of the community turns out from itself in a search for the ontological standard whereby it can measure itself.
The ontological status of society thus is constituted by the psychological status of society's members.
Thus, it is no mystical intuition, but an analyzable conception to say that man and his tradition can "fall out of existence".
If the existent form is to be retained new factors that reinforce it must be introduced into the situation.
These differences, in turn, derive from prior differences concerning the friendly or hostile character of change.
Within this context of spontaneous and unanalyzed responses to the experience of civilizational crisis, two basic organizations of response are observable: reaction and ideological progressivism.
Moreover its posture of stubborn but simple resistance is doomed to failure because of the metaphysical weakness of the existent form of order, once the activation of change has reached visible proportions.
Reactionary theories, for this reason, usually assume some form of organismic theory.
The reactionary is confused about the existential status of a decaying tradition, but he does perceive the unity tradition had when it was healthy.
It is a mistake to look upon the Oedipus of Oedipus Complex as a literary descendant of Oedipus Rex.
I am only singling out differences in treatment of a theme and the resultant effects.
Why does the story affect us?
It's easy to see why.
Ortega's hope that modern psychology might yet bring forth a last flowering of the novel has only been partially fulfilled.
Moral dread is seen as the other face of desire, and here psychoanalysis delivers to the writer a magnificent irony and a moral problem of great complexity.
Mann understood better than most men the incest comedy at the center of the myth and the psychological truth in which dread is shown as the other face as longing was for him just the kind of deep and complicated joke he liked to tell.
Sibylla is pregnant with their second child when she finds the ivory tablet concealed by her husband, and the identities of mother and son are revealed.
Helion did not realize it at the time, but it was true.
It is notable that at this time he was writing with admiration of Cimabue's and Poussin's way of filling space.
But he was "afraid of the future -- he would in fact welcome a way back to social integration, a functional art of some kind".
In New York he was well received by what was then only a small brave band of non-figurative artists, including Alexander Calder, George K. L. Morris, De Kooning, Holty and a few others.
They were, in effect his last testament to non-objective art.
When he was stripped, deloused and numbered by his guards, his much-thumbed sketchbook was seized and thrown on a pile of prisoners'goods to be confiscated.
One evening, while a volley-ball game was being played in the yard among the prisoners remaining there, a simulated melee was staged -- just as the gates were opened to admit other prisoners returning from work.
The guards all rushed up to intervene"
Helion knew that he owed his freedom as much to the self-sacrifice of his fellow-men in Arbeitskommando 13, Stettin, as to his own fierce will and love of life.
It was very widely read, too;
Faulkner's total works today, and in fact those of his works which existed in 1946 when Mr. Cowley made his comment, or in 1939, when Mr. O'Donnell wrote his essay, reveal no such simple attitude toward the South.
He is not one to remain more comfortably and unquestioningly within a body of social, cultural, or literary traditions than he was within the traditions -- or possibly the regulations -- governing his tenure in the post office at Oxford, Mississippi, thirty-five years ago.
Besides showing no inclination, apparently, to absent himself from his native region even for short periods, and in addition writing a shelf of books set in the region, he has handled in those books an astonishingly complete list of matters which have been important in the South during the past hundred years.
The ingredients of Faulkner's novels and stories are by no means new with him, and most of the problems he takes up have had the attention of authors before him.
Without saying or seeming to say that in portraying the Sartoris and the Compson families Faulkner's chief concern is social criticism, we can say nevertheless that through those families he dramatizes his comment on the planter dynasties as they have existed since the decades before the Civil War.
Others who wrote of low characters and low life included Thomas Bangs Thorpe, creator of the Big Bear Of Arkansas and Tom Owen, the Bee-Hunter;
As a consequence of the tensions thus produced in his thoughts and feelings, he wrote on the one hand sketches of idealized hunting trips and on the other an anecdote of the village of Hardscrabble, Arkansas, where no one had ever seen a piano;
but the basic puzzles of existence would still be puzzling, and we should still have to work out the sort of problems we plan to discuss in this article.
What will be the final symmetry of the good society?
A characteristic expression of such concern and inquiry is found in Joseph P. Lyford's Introduction To The Agreeable Autocracies, a recent paperback study of the institutions of modern democratic society.
Mr. Nehru is subjected to stern lectures on neutralism by our Department of State, and an American President observes sourly that Sweden would be a little less neurotic if it were a little more capitalistic".
If our sincerity is granted, and it is granted, the discrepancy can only be explained by the fact that we have come to believe hearsay and legend about ourselves in preference to an understanding gained by earnest self-examination.
We feel uncomfortable at being bossed by a corporation or a union or a television set, but until we have some knowledge about these phenomena and what they are doing to us, we can hardly learn to control them.
This life has its own currents and rhythms, its own multiple cycles and adaptations.
and the citizen narrows his political participation to the mere act of voting -- if he votes at all".
this was clear from the contour of the shadow traced by a gnomon before and after noon.
Or angular?
Only imcomplete, imperfect things move towards what they lack.
When combined with the metaphysical notion that pure forms of this universe are best appreciated when least embodied in a material substratum, it becomes clear that while earth will be dross on a scale of material-formal ratios, celestial bodies will be of a subtle, quickened, ethereal existence, in whose embodiment pure form will be the dominant component and matter will be absent or remain subsidiary.
The Almagest and The Hypotheses outline Ptolemy's conception of his own task as the provision of computational tables, independent calculating devices for the prediction of future planetary perturbations.
This is a mistake.
they are no longer a puzzling aspect of intricately variable, local planetary motions.
If in any one calculation Ptolemy had had to invoke 83 epicycles all at once, while Copernicus never required more than one third this number, then (in the sense obvious to Margenau) Ptolemaic astronomy would be simpler than Copernican.
In a sense, Einstein's theory is simpler than Newton's, and there is a corresponding sense in which Copernicus'theory is simpler than Ptolemy's.
It is an organized system of these things.
Geocentricism per se?
Without abandoning too much, Copernicus sought to make orthodox astronomy systematically and mechanically acceptable.
She was exposing herself to temptation which it is best to avoid where it can consistently be done.
By her eighteenth birthday her bent for writing was so evident that Papa and Mamma gave her a Life Of Dickens as a spur to her aspiration.
His father was a good friend of Rabbi Szold, and Joe lived with the Szolds for a while.
She could not resist the opportunity "of showing her superiority in argument over a man" which she had remarked as one of the "feminine follies" of Sara Sullam;
Henrietta could easily identify herself with Jo March, although Jo was not the eldest sister.
A Comedy In Three Acts", in which, under "Personages", Henrietta appeared as "A Schoolmarm", and Bertha, who was only a trifle less brilliant in high school than Henrietta had been, appeared as "Dummkopf".
and when a young man like Morris Jastrow had enjoyed the Szold hospitality, he felt obliged to send his respects and his gifts not merely to Henrietta, in whom he was really interested, but to all the Szold girls and Mamma.
Their afflictions centered on one maddening difficulty: Miriam held up the divorce proceedings that she herself had asked for.
I am an attorney, not an instrument of vengeance".
A troop of reporters brought up the rear.
Turning to the reporters, she asked, "Did you hear her?
Then, after overtures to accept a settlement and go through with a divorce, Miriam gave a ghastly echo of Mrs. Micawber by suddenly stating, "I will never leave Mr. Wright".
"Take a gigantic knife and sweep it over the Loop", Wright said.
A storm did take place that night, and fortunately enough, it included a cloudburst that helped put out the flames.
As he made plans for the new Taliesin, Wright also got on paper his conception of a cathedral of steel and glass to house a congregation of all faiths, and the idea for a planetarium with a sloping ramp.
Then Miriam varied the senseless psychological warfare by suddenly withdrawing a suit for separate maintenance that had been pending, and asking for divorce on the grounds of cruelty, with the understanding that Wright would not contest it.
but Wright stayed in the United States.
He might have been the man in the moon for all you could have understood him.
One can see it as humiliating that an extra hormone casually fed into our chemistry may induce us to lay down our lives for a lover or a friend;
At the same time, I am aware that my recoil could be interpreted by readers of the tea leaves at the bottom of my psyche as an incestuous sign, since theirs is a science of paradox: if one hates, they say it is because one loves;
Said: "There are things I must tell you about this man you are marrying which he does not know himself".
But I will not skip it or cut it out.
Instinctively, innocence does unto others as it expects to be done by.
today, these many years later, after all the temptations resisted or yielded to, the weasel satisfactions and the engulfing dissatisfactions since endured, I call it corrupting still.
Often these listeners would refer Sandburg to persons who had similar ballads or ditties.
Two things contribute to his popularity.
Segovia has written about Carl:
Nor does Carl reject this identity.
"But after introductions he asked:'Carl Sandburg?
He walked home at night for two miles beyond the end of a suburban trolley.
One fame is precious and luminous;
"You are the'Peoples'Poet'" was her appraisal in 1908, and she stopped teaching and writing to devote herself to the fulfillment of her husband's career.
She was born Lilian Steichen, her parents immigrants from Luxemburg.
)
She had come to a decision.
He "legitimized" Paula for Lilian Steichen, and it was Paula who insisted on Carl for Charles.
Never until in this work of S-D organization have I realized and felt the attitude and experience of a Teacher.
But they must have technical and investment assistance.
a satisfaction in hard work;
We must meet this situation by promoting a rising volume of exports and world trade.
Through the World Bank and other instrumentalities, as well as through individual action by every nation in position to help, we must squarely face this titanic challenge.
If we grasp this opportunity to build an age of productive partnership between the less fortunate nations and those that have already achieved a high state of economic advancement, we will make brighter the outlook for a world order based upon security and freedom.
During the past year, our long-range striking power, unmatched today in manned bombers, has taken on new strength as the Atlas intercontinental ballistic missile has entered the operational inventory.
It is scheduled to go forward at a rate which will steadily add to our strength.
Third, the United States is pressing forward in the development of large rocket engines to place vehicles of many tons into space for exploration purposes.
The steady purpose of our society is to assure justice, before God, for every individual.
in certain instances the denial to some of our citizens of equal protection of the law.
The four, bundled in overcoats, mounted to the wind-swept roof of the U.N.
Shortly the group would issue its report to the Secretary General, recommending Paul Bang-Jensen's dismissal from the United Nations.
Gross had received Marshall courteously and they were discussing the case.
We were given a job and we carried it out, and later, his case was taken up by the Disciplinary Committee.
"I've been in government and I can tell some pretty hairy stories about personnel difficulties, so I know what a problem he was".
"I thought the entire report was going to be confidential from beginning to end.
"The reason for that report was to settle the matter of the list.
Bang-Jensen never explained what the documents or papers were that he had in his possession.
If Hammarskjold had not wanted the list disposed of in this manner, and if Bang-Jensen had not wanted it -- who had ordered it?
"Why, Mick Shann went over and over the report with Alsing Andersen, trying to check them out.
You see what I mean?
Gross stopped briefly, then went on.
It takes a great deal of sophisticated thought to get the impact of this fact".
It sounded like a fair enough invitation, Peter Marshall reflected, and Bang-Jensen must have thought so too, because on the thirteenth, he met the group of three on the thirty-sixth floor of the U.N.
The only lasting difficulty was the food.
She could not face coffee or tea without milk, and was always craving types of food that were not available aboard a sailing ship.
Sometimes a ship would be sighted and the Caravan pass so close that people could easily be seen on the distant deck.
But I have been blest with excellent spirits, and to-day have been running about the deck, and dancing in our room for exercise, as well as ever".
Ann was very troubled.
and the waves threatening to swallow up the vessel;
The pilot possessed excellent skill at his calling;
"On each side of the Hoogli, where we are now sailing, are the Hindoo cottages, as thick together as the houses in our seaports.
This is the most delightful trial I have ever had", she decided.
Though she did not then know its name, this strange new fruit was a banana.
After that Salem ships decided to bypass unfriendly Burma.
She describes, first, the imaginary reaction of a foreigner puzzled by this "unseasonable exultation";
In the same way he coupled Molesworth and Wharton in a letter to Archbishop King, and he had earlier described him as "the worst of them" in some "Observations" on the Irish Privy Council submitted to Oxford.
Certainly it is the most pretentious and elaborate.
"It is no time", he writes, "to talk with Hints and Innuendos, but openly and honestly to profess our Sentiments before our Enemies have compleated and put their Designs in Execution against us".
A few days after this Englishman appeared, Defoe reported to Oxford that Steele was expected to move in Parliament that the Duke be called over;
He claims, too, that his political convictions are simply those which are called "Revolution Principles" and which are accepted by moderate men in both parties.
Such, he implies, is the case with his friend, who is not really a new convert himself but merely a favorer of new converts.
On February 16, Steele took his seat in Parliament.
Their first collaboration came close.
The disappearance caused his family to assign a full-time maid to keeping an eye on the boy.
When he was fifteen John H. Mercer turned out his first song, a jazzy little thing he called "Sister Susie, Strut Your Stuff".
He has also enjoyed a successful career as an entertainer (his records have sold in the millions) and is a sharp businessman.
When the troupe traveled to New York to participate in a one-act-play competition -- and won -- Mercer, instead of returning with the rest of the company in triumph, remained in New York.
Everett Miller, then assistant director for the Garrick Gaieties, a Theatre Guild production, needed a lyricist for a song he had written;
Mercer's Whiteman association brought him into contact with Hoagy Carmichael, whose "Snowball" Mercer relyriced as "Lazybones", in which form it became a hit and marked the real beginning of Mercer's song-writing career.
Mercer's lyrics are characterized by an unerring ear for rhythmic nuances, a puckish sense of humor expressed in language with a colloquial flair.
Arlen is one of the few (possibly the only) composer Mercer has been able to work with so closely, for they held their meetings in Arlen's study.
there'll be no more worry", matching the spiritual feeling of the jot.
Something occurred on the morning of the children's party which may illustrate the kind of trouble our restricted toilet facilities caused us.
He had barely assumed his stance there when a fat fellow charged through the doorway.
Governor Alfred E. Smith was the official host at the children's party.
The Hetman's physical aspects were not those of a savage rider of the steppes.
He also disliked Runyon, for no good reason other than the fact that the Demon's talent was so marked as to put him well beyond the Hetman's say-so or his supervision.
It's bigger than the Armistice".
And I was to go to work on that odd matter.
As for myself, I had on an enormous black "muff".
and also to change telephones.
It seems to me now, in a long backward glance, that many of the Hetman's conceits and odd actions -- together with his grim posture when brandishing the hatchet in the name of Mr. Hearst -- were keyed with the tragedy which was to close over him one day.
It was a somewhat unusual thing for a reporter to have a contract in those days before the epidemic of syndicated columnists.
Dr. Menas S. Gregory was another.
The President was even more generous with the First Lady than he had been before the tragedy.
Mama always felt that the collection symbolized Mrs. Coolidge's wish for a little girl.
It was part of Little Jack's work to look after the dogs.
Mrs. Coolidge gave Mama this dress for me, and I wore it many times.
He would not make a sound until the President had wakened and left for the office;
Mama tried to talk to them and keep them quiet while she tidied up the sitting room before the First Family returned.
Speaking of breakfast, the President inaugurated a new custom -- that of conducting business at the breakfast table.
Another good friend of the Coolidges'was George B. Harvey, who was the Ambassador to Great Britain from 1921 to 1923.
Even when Mrs. Coolidge was in mourning for her son, she reached out to help other people in trouble.
The President helped her a lot by selecting some lovely colored dresses to get her started.
Mrs. Coolidge looked down, saw Mama's horrified expression and quickly let the whole thing fall to the floor.
And so on through the roles referred to in the previous paragraph.
In accounting for realism or distortion two sets of factors can be usefully distinguished: current intelligence;
But millions of human beings were exposed to Lueger's propaganda and record.
Since we can neither undo nor redo the past, we are limited to the events of today and tomorrow.
It is beyond the province of this epilogue to cover policy questions of such depth and range.
In free countries many controversies involve self-styled Jews who use the symbol in asserting a vaguely "cultural" rather than religious or political identity.
but it is perennially restructured in situations where anchors are dragged or lost.
By the same test predispositions destructive of human personality exercise their most sinister impact, with the result that men of good will are often trapped and nullified.
I assume that the number of readers of this anthology who regard themselves as morally perfect is small, and that most readers are willing to consider procedures by which they may gain more insight into themselves and better understanding of others.
self-discovery calls for an open, permissive, inquiring posture of self-observation.
The second timely part of this sketch of literature and the search for identity has to do with the difference between good and enduring literary works and the ephemeral mass culture products of today.
It is possible that the study of literature affects the conscience, the morality, the sensitivity to some code of "right" and "wrong".
Literature may be said to give people a sense of purpose, dedication, mission, significance.
The Aristotelian notion of catharsis, the purging of emotion, is a persistent and viable one.
A sketch of the emotional value of the study of literature would have to take account of all of these.
In B. M. Spinley's portrayal of the underprivileged and undereducated youth of London, a salient finding was the inability to postpone gratification, a need to satisfy impulses immediately without the pleasure of anticipation or of savoring the experience.
Both the extent to which this is true and the limits of the field of perceptual skill involved should be acknowledged.
I think these attributes cluster, but I have no evidence.
The study of ideas in literature is one of these.
It is true that this distinction between style and idea often approaches the arbitrary since in the end we must admit that style and content frequently influence or interpenetrate one another and sometimes appear as expressions of the same insight.
We need not, to be sure, expect to find such ideas in every piece of literature.
Usually the work studied offers us a special or even an individualized rendering or treatment of the ideas in question, so that the student finds it necessary to distinguish carefully between the several expressions of an "-ism" or mode of thought.
Such an understanding, although it must seek to be sympathetic, is not a matter of intuition.
Still, we must remember that we cannot construct and justify generalizations of this sort unless we are ready to consider many special instances of influence moving between such areas as theology, philosophy, political thought, and literature.
Hegel's profound admiration for the insights of the Greek tragedians indicates a broad channel of classical influence upon nineteenth-century philosophy.
Lane was still burning because he had narrowly missed election as governor of California in 1902 and laid his defeat to the antagonism of Hearst's San Francisco Examiner.
Six of the railroads carrying coal to Tidewater from the Pennsylvania fields, Hearst said, not only had illegal agreements with coal operators but owned outright at least eleven mines.
Roosevelt and others considered him partly responsible for the murder of McKinley.
He soon quarreled with all the party leaders in the House, and came to be regarded with detestation by regular Democrats as a professional radical leading a small pack of obedient terriers whose constant snapping was demoralizing to party discipline.
His candidacy affected his journalism somewhat.
In his own state of New York, the two Democratic bellwethers, State Leader Hill and Tammany Boss Murphy, were saying nothing openly against Hearst but industriously boosting their own favorites, Murphy being for Cleveland and Hill for Parker.
A lone pro-Hearst voice from New York City was that of William Devery, who had been expelled as a Tammany leader but still claimed strong influence in his own district.
"
He took the stack of mail and tossed it into the waste basket.
I supported Cleveland three times and Bryan twice.
His personal familiarity with the scenes of action undoubtedly contributed much to the final result, but familiarity alone would not have been enough without other qualities.
Trevelyan's Manin And The Venetian Revolution Of 1848, his last major volume on an Italian theme, was written in a minor key.
Because Bright's speeches were so much a part of him, there are long and numerous quotations, which, far from making the biography diffuse, help to give us the feel of the man.
Some historians have found his point of view not to their taste, others have complained that he makes the Tory tradition appear "contemptible rather than intelligible", while a sympathetic critic has remarked that the "intricate interplay of social dynamics and political activity of which, at times, politicians are the ignorant marionettes is not a field for the exercise of his talents".
Economic analysis was never Trevelyan's strong point and the England of the industrial transformation cries out for economic analysis.
The result was fortunate.
Like most major works of synthesis, The History Of England is informed by the positive views of a first-class mind, and this is surely a major work.
Of the three volumes, Blenheim is easily the best.
Yet in several chapters on Scotland in the eighteenth century, Trevelyan copes persuasively with the tangled confusion of Scottish politics against a vivid background of Scottish religion, customs, and traditions.
There was only one hitch: the small town of Kehl, on the other side of the Rhine, was still under French jurisdiction.
If they are right, they will prevail of and by themselves.
He examined it carefully, handed it back and said, "Eh bien, you may leave France".
"I must then be standing on the line between France and Germany".
I have witnesses.
You are still in France".
"But what will you do this evening, Mr. Davis"?
A volunteer food brigade had been arranged, they told me, which would supply me with the necessities as long as I remained at the bridge.
After scouring around a bit in the open area, I came across what proved to be tar-soaked logs which crackled and burned brightly, giving off vast rolls of smoke into the ashen sky.
When Dr. Adenauer was approached by a world citizen delegation to find out his disposition of my case, he gave them his personal approval of my entry, saying that all men advocating peace should be welcomed into Germany.
I've had a trying day and I just can't make it out again", I told them.
At that moment, up walked a tall young man with glasses who announced himself as a world citizen from Basel, Switzerland.
Esther jumped up, ran to him and gave him a little hug.
Six climactic minutes in an individual's life left no memory.
It is not in the record, but he must have galloped his horse at Peach Tree Creek when he brought up Ward's guns to save Newton's crumbling line.
The cautious Thomas re-examined the note and then, making up his mind that it was genuine, snapped his fingers, whistled and almost danced in his exuberance.
For some time, despondency in some Northern quarters had been displayed in two ways -- an eagerness for peace and a dissatisfaction with Lincoln.
Actually the Atlanta campaign was a military failure.
Men were killed in their camps, at their meals and in their sleep.
As always, the ranks worked out new and better tactics, but there was brilliance in the way the field commands adopted these methods and in the way the army commanders incorporated them into their military thinking.
It failed to work.
Sherman knew the uses of cavalry as well as Thomas but he imagined a moving base with infantry wings instead of cavalry wings.
Heat during the Atlanta campaign, coupled with unsuitable clothing, caused individual irritation that was compounded by a lack of opportunity to bathe and shift into clean clothing.
That was a very absurd and annoying situation in which I was placed by W. M.'s curious methods of handling me.
For his part, Thompson had explained in a previous letter that there would be nothing but an honorable friendship between Katie and himself.
But if you are able & care to come, you know how glad I shall be.
I have not the heart.
since my silence must have ended when I gave the purposed volume to you.
The publication of Father Connolly's The Man Has Wings has made more of the group available in print so that a general picture of what it contained can now be had without difficulty.
From the outset, she must have realized that marriage with him was out of the question, and although she was displeased by the "unwarrantable" interference, it seems probable that she did agree with her mother's suggestion that the poet was "perhaps" a man "most fitted to live & die solitary, & in the love only of the Highest Lover".
3,
But he admired Housman's "subtle intellectuality" and delighted in the inversion by which Divine Love becomes the most "fatal" allurement in "Love The Tempter".
those of 1788 were going to prove decisive, though many of their details are obscure.
Some people thought he lacked both ability and character, but most agreed that he was noble in appearance and, for a Russian, humane.
the energetic Parisian, Roger De Damas, three year's Littlepage's junior, to whom Nassau had taken a liking;
An entire theater had been set up for his diversion, with a 200-man Italian orchestra under the well-known Sarti.
The Prince took her with him on every tour around the area, and it was rumored he was utilizing her knowledge of Constantinople as part of his espionage network.
To help him do so The Prince had conferred control of his land forces on a soldier who was different from him in almost every respect save one: both were eccentrics of the purest ray serene.
Age?
his supper was nothing.
He had also mastered the Cossack tongue.
Suvorov played parent not just to his Cossacks but to all his troops.
Seeing this, his colleague at the next desk gave a short, contemptuous laugh, pushed forward his own ash tray, innocent of a single butt, thumped his chest to show his excellent condition, and looked proud.
Deppy is Despina Messinesi, a long-time member of the Vogue staff who, although born in Boston, was born there of Greek parents.
The carved statues of the frieze against the low wall are for the most part headless, but their exquisitely graceful nude and draped torsos and the kneeling Atlantes are well preserved in their perfect proportion.
Don't worry about the Acropolis.
Nearby is the temple of Athena.
We did not dare speak to so exalted a being, but Norton aimed his camera and shot him, so to speak, on the rise, the split second between the halt and the turn.
The Acropolis was unique in the world and if that imcomparable work flooded by moonlight wasn't enough for both natives and tourists, then they were quite simply barbarians and the hell with them.
the atmosphere is that of an attractive private beach club at home.
The road, a comparatively new one, is very good, winding along inlets, coves, and bays of deep and brilliant blue.
Across the road is the kitchen, and waiters bearing great trays of dishes dodge traffic as nimbly as their French colleagues at the restaurant in the Place Du Tertre in Paris.
This he claimed was the favorite refrain of the English.
Despite Woodruff's continuing refusal to debate with Pike through the columns of his newspaper, Pike did not let up his attack for a moment.
He called Pike a thief.
On April 11th he wrote an open letter in The Advocate, making it known "to the world that Jas. W. Robinson is by his own admission a base liar and a slanderer".
Woodruff had supported him all the way, both as a chief executive and as a man.
He got a good fat job and we congratulate him on his good luck.
Woodruff was now impaled on the horns of a dilemma.
;
He was especially popular with women, for, like the romantic poetry he wrote, he was personally gracious, gallant, and chivalrous.
The historian Charles Francis Adams called him "a crude and half-crazy thinker".
There is plenty more to recommend Gorton, the facts of whose life are given in The Life And Times Of Samuel Gorton, by Adelos Gorton.
Soon he was in trouble there, for defending a woman who was accused of smiling in church.
One can imagine that with her and Gorton there it was no place for anyone with weak nerves.
Gorton then moved to Providence and soon put the town in a turmoil.
Up to now, Gorton had been looking for trouble, and now that he was trying to get away from it, trouble started looking for him.
One historical authority presents laborious and circuitous testimony tending to arouse suspicion that Massachusetts was behind the clouds settling down on the embattled Gorton.
Gorton evidently still had plenty to learn about Massachusetts, but he was learning fast.
The prisoners agreed, provided they might speak after the sermon, which was permitted.
Whether the only price of our redemption were not the death of Christ on the cross, with the rest of his sufferings and obediences, in the time of his life here, after he was born of the Virgin Mary?
When Fred wheeled him back into his room, the big one looking out on the back porch, and put him to bed, Papa told him he was very tired but that he had enjoyed greatly the trip downtown.
We got Dr. Glenn to him as quickly as we could, and we wired Tom of Papa's desperate condition.
One had to find a donor, and usually very quickly, whose blood corresponded with the patient's.
"Because, Fred, it could do him no good.
A biographical sketch followed.
This, manifestly, would not provide $5000 to each of the surviving five children.
Had he been able to escape this long siege of invalidism, I'm convinced, Papa would have left a sizable estate.
35.
That third year he wrote plays with a fury.
it was demonstrated, many critics would later point out, in the length of his novels.
He said he would do it, though probably nobody would produce it, for his own "soul's ease and comfort".
This man, Tom said, had the play shut up in his desk, I believe, and when Tom sat down, he pulled it out and apologetically told Tom that they wouldn't be able to use it.
The spirit of this group was that we were -- and are -- living in a world doomed to eternal punishment, but that God through Jesus Christ has provided a way of escape for those who confess their sins and accept salvation.
Once or twice my father asked me if I wasn't overdoing a bit in my churchgoing.
This doctrine was repugnant to my moral sense.
I do not claim to be free from sin, or from the need for repentance and forgiveness.
Their basis seems deeper than mere authority.
another by giving away his property in order to help his fellow man.
Perhaps it should have.
These lives are in themselves outside of the moral order and are unburdened with moral responsibility.
Such is the field for exercising our reverence.
Then I asked, "What does that teach you"?
It is as if we, in our center of human observation, from time to time penetrate more deeply into the unknown.
I have chosen five contrasting pairs, ten men in all, and they are arranged in roughly chronological order.
While Aristotle censors literature only for the young, Plato would banish all poets from his ideal state.
But the most fundamental objection he has to poets appears in the Tenth Book, and it is derived from his doctrine of ideal forms.
For this reason, then, poetry tends to weaken the power of control, the reason, because it tempts one to indulge his passions, and even the best of men, he maintains, may be corrupted by this subtle influence.
When we turn to Aristotle's ideas on the moral measure of literature, it is at once apparent that he is at times equally concerned about the influence of the art.
Any tragedy, he maintains, has six elements: plot, character, and thought (the objects of imitation), diction and melody (the means of imitation), and spectacle (the manner of imitation).
In his study Samuel Johnson, Joseph Wood Krutch takes this line when he says that what Aristotle really means by his theory of catharsis is that our evil passions may be so purged by the dramatic ritual that it is "less likely that we shall indulge them through our own acts".
Both sides claimed that Plato and Aristotle supported their cause.
With that act of Parliament the opponents of the stage won the day, and for more than two decades after that England had no legitimate public drama.
Of the latter sample, 944 persons had been studied two years earlier;
In the university milieu of scholarship and research, of social diversity, of new ideas and varied and wide-ranging interests, "socialization" into a campus culture apparently means heightened appreciation of the idea of a liberal education in the arts and sciences.
they set limits to their aspirations -- few aspire to millions of dollars or to "imperial" power and glory.
and many a hopeful incipient business executive decides it were better to teach the theory of business administration than to practice it.
Yet they have accepted most of the extant "welfare state" provisions for health, security, and the regulation of economic affairs, and they overwhelmingly approve of the traditional "liberalism" of the Bill of Rights.
Furthermore, in certain respects, there are norms common to colleges and universities across the country.
But the extent of ethical robotism is easily overestimated.
The "cult of adjustment" does exist.
A variety of data are assembled to bear upon such alleged changes as diminished puritan morality, work-success ethic, individualism, achievement, lessened emphasis on future-time orientation in favor of sociability, moral relativism, consideration and tolerance, conformity, hedonistic present-time orientation.
"I never saw men", Lafayette declared in regard to the riflemen, "so merry, so spirited, and so desirous to go on to the enemy, whatever force they might have, as that small party in this fight".
The redcoats ran like rabbits.
Apparently still sensitive about the idea with which General Gates had approached him at Saratoga, namely, that George Washington be replaced, Morgan was vehement in his support of the commander-in-chief during the campaign around Philadelphia.
The headquarters of Morgan was on a farm, said to have been particularly well located so as to prevent the farmers nearby from trading with the British, a practice all too common to those who preferred to sell their produce for British gold rather than the virtually worthless Continental currency.
The mild activity of his command during the sojourn of the troops at Valley Forge could be handled by a subordinate, he felt, so like Henry Knox, equally loyal to Washington, who went to Boston at this time, Morgan received permission to visit his home in Virginia for several weeks.
Even the dignified Washington indulged in a game of wickets with some children.
Obviously the commander-in-chief had confidence that Morgan would furnish him good intelligence too, for on the 23rd of May, he told Morgan that the British were prepared to move, perhaps in the night, and asked Morgan to have two of his best horses ready to dispatch to General Smallwood with the intelligence obtained.
Nogaret is hardly an impartial witness, and even he did not make his charges against Boniface until the latter was dead, but there is some truth in what he said and more in what he did not say.
Because of these involvements in the matter at stake, Boniface lacked the impartiality that is supposed to be an essential qualification for the position of arbiter, and in retrospect that would seem to be sufficient reason why the English embassies to the Curia proved so fruitless.
And yet he made no pretense about it;
In spite of the armistice negotiated by Amadee two years earlier, the war between Bishop Guillaume of Lausanne and Louis of Savoy was still going on, and although little is known about it, that little proves that it was yet another phase of the struggle against French expansion and was closely interwoven with the larger conflict.
Bad relations between England and Flanders brought hard times to the shepherds scattered over the dales and downs as well as to the crowded Flemish cities, and while the English, so far, had done no more than grumble, Othon had seen what the discontent might lead to, for before he left the Low Countries the citizens of Ghent had risen in protest against the expense of supporting Edward and his troops, and the regular soldiers had found it unexpectedly difficult to put down the nasty little riot that ensued.
My father would have done it if it hadn't been for my mother, who had a fear of being in debt to anyone -- even Alfred Alpert.
I became fifteen, sixteen, then twenty, and still Tessie Alpert sat on the porch with a rose in her hair, and Alfred got richer and sicker with diabetes.
Alfred knew that, too.
Alfred was getting too sick to stay in his own home.
Then Meltzer's voice, quiet, calm, strong, started the Kaddish, the prayer for the dead.
Alfred walked past him without a word and got into the car.
The first time I went there he asked me to bring him water from Flagler's well -- water that reminded him of his first days in the mountains -- and before I came the next time I filled a five-gallon jug for him and brought it to the hospital.
He knew the whyfores and the wherefores but he was weak, very weak, on the therefores.
She was the opposite of everything she should have been -- a positive pole in a negative home, a living reaction of warmth and kindness to the harsh reality of her father.
I wanted to help so that we could find time to play.
She had the hips of a boy and a loose-jointed walk that reminded me of a string of beads strolling down the street.
He spoke no German but he could sing it and the words of the song were the only ones he knew in a foreign language.
What was true for archaeology was also true of place-name studies.
Almost inevitably, the first result of this technological revolution was a reaction against the methods and in many cases the conclusions of the Oxford school of Stubbs, Freeman and (particularly) Green regarding the nature of the Anglo-Saxon conquest of Britain.
In fact, modern scholarly opinion in the main has not retreated all the way back to the destructive scepticism of the first half of the nineteenth century.
Despite the rejection of the traditional accounts on many points of detail, as late as 1948 it was still possible to postulate a massive and comparatively sudden (beginning in ca. 450) influx of Germans as the type of invasions.
Therefore, it is plain that the clear distinctions of the nineteenth century are no longer with us.
One reason is, of course, that the new scepticism has been willing to maintain the general picture of the invasions as portrayed in the traditional sources.
The great increase in the amount of archaeological activity, and therefore information, in the years immediately preceeding and following the Second World War has brought to light data which has changed the complection of the Saxon Shore dispute.
That is, we must find Saxons in East Anglia, Kent, Sussex and Hampshire in the last half of the fourth century.
Baker gave Leonard Wood credit for the initiation of the draft of soldiers;
General Crowder proposed that Regular Army officers select the draftees in cities and towns throughout the nation;
In early June ten million young men registered by name and number.
In a matter of months the War Department built thirty-two camps, each one accommodating fifty thousand men -- sixteen were under canvas in the South and sixteen with frame structures in the North.
It was the influenza pandemic of 1918-19.
six days after war was declared he appointed Raymond Fosdick chairman of the Commission on Training Camp Activities (the CTCA).
Both Baker and Fosdick knew that a substitute was necessary, that a verboten approach was not the real answer.
The result was that the rate of venereal disease in the American Army was the lowest in our military history.
In the imagination of the nineteenth century the Greek tragedians and Shakespeare stand side by side, their affinity transcending all the immense contrarieties of historical circumstance, religious belief, and poetic form.
Elsinore seems to lie in a range of Mycenae, and the fate of Orestes resounds in that of Hamlet.
But it is true, nevertheless.
The thunderclaps over the sacred wood at Colonus and the storms in King Lear are caused by more than weather.
In Athens, in Shakespeare's England, and at Versailles, the hierarchies of worldly power were stable and manifest.
Hence the natural setting of tragedy is the palace gate, the public square, or the court chamber.
The novel was not only the presenter of the new, secular, rationalistic, private world of the middle class.
And in these organizations certain primal notions played a radiant part, radiant both in the sense of giving light and of being a pole toward which all perspectives converge.
After Shakespeare the master spirits of western consciousness are no longer the blind seers, the poets, or Orpheus performing his art in the face of hell.
But the attempt itself produced a number of brilliant works, and these form a transition from the early romantic period to the new age of Ibsen and Chekhov.
It tells us of the ancient human desire to see the highest wisdom joined to the highest sensual beauty.
Thomas the elder married twice, had seventeen children, and died in 1615.
Greville proposed Quiney as the fittest man "for the following of the cause and to attend him in the matter", and at his suggestion the corporation allowed Quiney two shillings a day.
Sturley thought that this matter might be "the rest of the tithes and the College houses and landes in our towne".
His mother Bess, who could not write herself, reminded her husband through Sturley to buy the apron he had promised her and "a suite of hattes for 5 boies the yongst lined & trimmed with silke" (for John, only a year old).
Further letters in November mention that Sir Edward paid forty pounds.
If he borrowed money from Shakespeare or with his help, he would now have been able to repay the loan.
Quiney was in London again in June, 1601, and in November, when he rode up, as Shakespeare must often have done, by way of Oxford, High Wycombe, and Uxbridge, and home through Aylesbury and Banbury.
Unconsciously, governments or races or institutions may enter into some undertaking without fully realizing why they are doing so.
Brooks Adams was consistent in his admonishments to historians about the necessary tools or insights they needed to possess.
A similar amateurish characteristic is revealed in Adams'failure to check the accuracy and authenticity of his informational sources.
He deplored the impact of German historiography on the writing of history, terming it a "dismal monster".
There is no explanation of terms nor a qualification that most such revolts have been dealt with by force -- only a bald dogmatism that they must, because of some undefined compulsion, be so repelled.
Even D. A. Wasson, who compared The Emancipation Of Massachusetts to the lifting of a fog from ancient landscapes, was also forced to admit the methodological deficiencies of the author.
Religion and the churches were institutions which had been created by man, not God.
But Adams was one of the first to suggest that this human incompetence was the only motivating factor behind religion.
Doctrine was not only mysterious;
Catherwood, an architect in New York, had been forgotten, like Stephens, and Victor reconstructed their lives as one reconstructs, for a museum, a dinosaur from two or three petrified bones.
Victor's book on John Lloyd Stephens was largely written in my study in the house at Weston.
We found that a charitable society in New York had a long case-history of the two;
Some have felt that Washington Irving comes out rather slimly, but let them look at the title of the book".
Then there was Mark Howe and there was Henry Dwight Sedgwick, an accomplished man of letters who wrote in the spirit of Montaigne and produced in the end a formidable body of work.
Mr. Burlingham, -- "C.C.B." -- wrote to me once about an old friend of mine, S. K. Ratcliffe, whom I had first met in London in 1914 and who also came out for a week-end in Weston.
With their facile generalizations about the United States, these mediocrities, as they often were, had been great successes.
He looked at her as she spoke, then got up as she was speaking still, and, simply and wordlessly, walked out.
But, in departing, Lewis begged Breasted that there be no liquor in the apartment at the Grosvenor on his return, and he took with him the first thirty galleys of Elmer Gantry.
8
if Breasted agreed, they would get a car and tour the country, visiting every kind of industrial center.
After a dinner party for which she had come down to New York, Mrs. Lewis and Casanova arrived to see them off, and Elinor Wylie made tart observations that indicated that Lewis had been less discreet than he had promised to be about the real nature of their separation.
In London Lewis took the usual suite in Bury Street.
Lewis himself furthered these tales.
Lewis warned him never to lay a hand on him, and then Blackman asked for his fare back to the United States.
Earl agreed, and Lewis said that it would have been very different if his wife had been with him.
He was ordained deacon 16 June and priest 22 December 1633.
It is not possible to reconstruct fully the arrangements whereby these honors lists were then made up or even how the names that they contained assumed the order in which we find them.
It differed from what an undergraduate receives today from any American college or university mainly in the certainty of what he was forced to learn compared with the loose and widely scattered information obtained today by most of our undergraduates.
These were his public academic activities, domi forisque, in the college and in the university.
The tiny hamlet of Chesterton to the north, with the fens and marshes lying on down the Ouse River, may have attracted him often, as it did many other youths of the time.
The Domina sounds real enough, if we could only trust the conditions under which we learn of its use;
To do this successfully required great skill and a special talent for both solemn and ribald raillery, a talent not bestowed on many persons, but one with which Milton was marked as being endowed and in which, at least in this performance, he obviously reveled.
but even in that famous passage, Milton was aiming not at the theatricals as such but at their performance by'persons either enter'd, or presently to enter into the ministry.
A man could travel anywhere he pleased, eat whatever he fancied -- without handing over any money".
Walter M. Miller, Jr.'s, A Canticle For Leibowitz (1959) finds men, after the great atomic disaster, stumbling back to their previous level of civilization and another catastrophe;
and among works of dystopian science fiction, not all provide intelligent criticism and very few have much merit as literature -- but then real quality has always been scarce in science fiction.
and the atmosphere is so befouled that no one dares walk in the open without respirators or soot plugs.
And to do this requires first of all the kind of information about people which is provided by the scientists in industrial anthropology and consumer research, who, for example, tell Courtenay that three days is the "optimum priming period for a closed social circuit to be triggered with a catalytic cue-phrase" -- which means that an effective propaganda technique is to send an idea into circulation and then three days later reinforce or undermine it.
Yet even in the more extreme of such cases we seldom go very far astray in guessing what his age actually is.
But there is, nevertheless, always a subtle difference in the way in which supposedly similar opinions are held.
One is that there sometimes are real although inadequate compensations in growing old.
that their remote past is as discontinuous with their present selves, as lacking in any conscious likeness to their mature personality, as the self of a butterfly may be imagined discontinuous with that of the caterpillar it once was.
so that, although not as eager as I once was to be disapproved of, I can still resist prevailing opinions.
There was, it seems to me, enough in the openly declared principles and intentions of Russian leaders to alienate honorable men without their having to wait to see how it would turn out.
The reason is, I think, my awareness that my remarks last quarter on pacifism may well have served to confirm the opinion of some that my tendency to skepticism and dissent gets us nowhere, and that I am simply too old to hope.
"Why", he replied, "it is perfectly simple;
It is not that I am unaware of the force of their strongest contention.
Andre Malraux's The Walnut Trees Of Altenburg was written in the early years of the second World War, during a period of enforced leisure when he was taken prisoner by the Germans after the fall of France.
This magnificent but greatly underestimated book, which bodies forth the very form and pressure of its time as no other comparable creation, has suffered severely from having been written about an historical event -- the Spanish Civil War -- that is still capable of fanning the smoldering fires of old political feuds.
Malraux, to be sure, does not abandon the world of violence, combat and sudden death which has become his hallmark as a creative artist, and which is the only world, apparently, in which his imagination can flame into life.
These biographical analogies are obvious, and far too much time has been spent speculating on their possible implications.
they instinctively struggle to keep open a road to the future in their hearts.
and the narrator recalls the words of his father, Vincent Berger: "It is not by any amount of scratching at the individual that one finally comes down to mankind".
and amid a dusty desolation in which nothing human any longer seemed to survive, Vincent Berger begins to dream of the Occident.
For a dawning sense of illumination occurs in consequence of two events which, as so often in Malraux, suddenly confront a character with the existential question of the nature and value of human life.
While it is hazardous to project the trend of history, it seems clear that a genuine community is painfully emerging in the Western world, particularly among the countries of Western Europe.
Had Churchill been returned to office in 1945, it is just possible that Britain, instead of standing fearfully aloof, would have led Europe toward union.
In 1957 the social-economic approach to European integration was capped by the formation among "the Six" of a tariff-free European Common Market, and Euratom for cooperation in the development of atomic energy.
They will seek to eliminate conflict in their international economic policies and will encourage economic collaboration between any and all of them".
Conceived as an organ of economic cooperation, there is no reason why O.E.C.D. cannot evolve into a broader instrument of union if its members so desire.
A realistic balancing of the need for new forms of international organization on the one hand, and our capacity to achieve them on the other, must be approached through the concept of "community".
A working concept of the organic evolution of community must lead us in a different direction.
Constitutions of and by themselves mean little;
(Judy Tristano now has poems as well as ballads written for her.
He had read his poetry with musicians as early as 1951, and his entire career has been characterized by radical experiments with the form and presentation of his poetry.
Patchen envisions a Dark Kingdom which "stands above the waters as a sentinel warning man of danger from his own kind".
Many of his poems purported to be exactly contemporary and political;
But since 1945, Sam Spade has undergone a metamorphosis;
In this respect, his approach to poetry-and-jazz is in marked contrast to Kenneth Rexroth's.
His approach to music is highly individualistic;
Perhaps tracing some of these more important symbols through the body of his work will show that Patchen's new poetry is well thought out, and remains within the mainstream of his work, while being suited to a new form.
In his recent book, Hurray For Anything (1957), one of the most important short poems -- and it is the title poem for one of the long jazz arrangements -- is written for recital with jazz.
each is so typical that it represents a prominent trend in the poet's development.
I do not want to quibble about typicality;
they found out who they were and what they could do, then within the limits of their talent they did it.
He writes, "Most of my friends and I were Jewish;
More important is the simple human point that all men suffer, and that it is a kind of anthropological-religious pride on the part of the Jew to believe that his suffering is more poignant than mine or anyone else's.
Krim came to believe that "the novel as a form had outlived its vital meaning".
" Kenyon, Sewanee, and Hudson operated in an "Anglo-Protestant New Critical chill";
Screwed, stewed, and tattooed, as Krim might say after reading a book about sailors.
Partisan Review and the other literary magazines helped to educate, in the best sense, an entire generation.
No one was ever educated through bull-sessions in anything other than, to quote him again, "perfumed bullshit.
Krim's (aesthetic combines anti-intellectualism, conscious and unconscious naivete)", and a winsome reliance "upon the", natural and upon experience.
But, who knew, that might be coming one of these days.
He was interested in Italo Svevo.
Berto knew all about Fascism.
Once out of the gate they had charged straight up the narrow lane.
Old world and new world.
"Bullshit", he said softly.
For one thing, there wasn't going to be any ceremony at all this year.
And then there were other things.
He was, thus, an early and spectacular victim.
No poetry, no airplanes, no dancers.
I understand very well about Lauro Di Bosis and how his action is symbolic.
I admire the English lady.
Maybe twenty, thirty, fifty.
Technical assistance to small business community
These short, "streamlined" meetings usually are sponsored by local banks, Chambers of Commerce, trade associations, or other civic organizations.
This may be helpful in improving the competitive position of established firms through diversification and expansion or through more economical utilization of plant capacity.
Proposed property sales of general interest to small business concerns are publicized through SBA regional news releases, and by "flyers" directed to the small business concerns.
Contact
Minneapolis, Minn.;
Developing And Selling New Products, 45 cents;
Evidence that other sources of financing are unavailable must be provided.
A proposed loan must be for sound purposes or sufficiently secured so as to assure a reasonable chance of repayment.
Chicago, Ill.;
Richmond, Va.;
The system is composed of three credit services, Federal Land Banks and National Farm Loan Associations, Federal Intermediate (short-term) Credit Banks, and Banks for Cooperatives.
Interest rates
Each applicant is required to own or have sufficient interest in the property to be explored.
Information, application forms, and assistance in filing may be obtained from the Office of Minerals Exploration, U.S. Department of the Interior, Washington 25, D.C., or from the appropriate regional office listed below.
First, we can encourage responsibility by establishing as conditions for assistance on a substantial and sustained scale the definition of objectives and the assessment of costs.
It must be recognized that countries at different stages of development have very different capabilities of meeting such conditions.
A systematic approach to development budgeting and programing is one important kind of self-help.
On the other hand, it is no interference with sovereignty to point out defects where they exist, such as that a plan calls for factories without power to run them, or for institutions without trained personnel to staff them.
It also includes providing for the training of nationals to operate projects after they are completed.
3.
1.
These cases in which light is already visible at the other end of the tunnel are ones which over the next few years will absorb the bulk of our capital assistance.
It is not a tool for dealing with these crises after they have erupted.
More importantly, several of the more advanced of the less developed countries have found through experience that they must plan their own complex investment programs for at least 5 years forward and tentatively for considerably more than that if they are to be sure that the various interdependent activities involved are all to take place in the proper sequence.
3.
You remember the words of President Kennedy a week or so ago, when someone asked him when he was in Canada, and Dean Rusk was in Europe, and Vice President Johnson was in Asia, "Who is running the store"?
Mr. Addabbo.
He was fatherly in his handling of all subjects with me and tremendously wise in his counsel.
It is a matter of deep personal satisfaction for me to add my voice to the great and distinguished chorus of my colleagues in this paean of praise, respect, and affection for Speaker Sam Rayburn.
And, if we follow the Rayburn pattern, as consciously or by an instinctual political sense I like to think I have followed it, then the very nature of our loyalty to our own immediate areas must necessarily be reflected in the devotion of our services to our country.
And the name Rayburn is one of the most dominant in the history of American politics for the last half century.
He will be considered not only great among his contemporaries, but as great among all the Americans who have played a part in the country's history since the beginning.
Mr. Monagan.
Origin of state automobile practices.
The legislature's role in policy determination concerning state-owned vehicles has been confined almost exclusively to appropriating funds for vehicles.
The factors governing need and assignment of cars are flexible according to circumstances.
Two other states provide vehicles, but only with legislative approval.
Rhode Island's reimburseable rate of $.07 per mile for use of personally-owned cars compares favorably with other states'rates.
Travel allowances, including subsistence, have been revised by administrative officials recently and compare favorably with other states'allowances.
The best reason that can be advanced for the state adopting the practice was the advent of expanded highway construction during the 1920s and'30s.
Whether there were too few automobiles in 1940 or too many now is problematical.
It met these problems by the creation of the state automobile maintenance unit (more popularly called the motor pool), a centralized operation for the maintenance and control of all state transportation.
In order to further refine the management of passenger vehicles, on July 1, 1958, the actual title to every vehicle was transferred, by Executive Order, to the Division of Methods, Research and Office Services.
Pool records reveal in detail the cost per mile and miles per gallon of each vehicle, the miles traveled in one year or three years, the periods when vehicle costs become excessive, and when cars should be traded for sound economies.
The purchase of state-owned vehicles is handled in the same manner as all other purchases of the state.
Probably the most important of all matters for review are the broad administrative policies governing the purchase, assignment, use, and management of state vehicles.
This financial assistance from the state has become necessary because the local governments themselves found the property tax, or at least at the rates then existing, insufficient for their requirements.
Rhode Island law specifies that all real estate is taxable in the town in which it is situated.
A recent example of this problem is the flying of six airplanes, on December 31, 1960, from the Newport Airpark in Middletown, to the North Central Airport in Smithfield.
An adequately staffed and equipped State assessing office could apply uniform methods and standards which would go far toward producing equitable assessments on all properties throughout the State.
The wording of the question was quite general and may have been subject to different interpretations.
Twenty-seven assessors stated that they were in favor of improved means for assessing movable personal property, and only five were opposed.
The need for greater knowledge is evident from their replies.
It is known that at least five towns (Barrington, Bristol, Narragansett, Newport and Westerly) place some value on some boats for tax purposes.
What made these new location figures particularly impressive was the fact that although 1960 was a year of mild business recession throughout the nation, Rhode Island scored marked progress in new industry, new plants, and new jobs.
Assistance is rendered to interested Rhode Island businessmen concerning interpretation of bid invitations, where to obtain specifications, and follow-ups concerning qualification.
During the year 1960, this office supplied 954 visitors with information related to foreign and domestic commerce, and made 73 field visits.
The 1960 advertising campaign brought a total of 239 inquiries;
We received 76 out-of-state visitors interested in investigating Rhode Island's industrial advantages, and Industrial Division personnel made 55 out-of-state follow-up visits.
Workshop sessions in the afternoon featured development executives from Pennsylvania, Connecticut and Maine, and rounded out a rewarding program.
Stated in its simplest terms, the main job of the Planning Division is to plan for the future of the State of Rhode Island.
It will continue to be an objective of this division to encourage the acceptance of planning as a proper and continuing responsibility of local government.
The state development budget will reflect the capital needs of all the state agencies and the priority of the projects in the budget will be based on the state plan.
The basic mapping phase of the program has been completed and the inventory phase is scheduled for completion July 1, 1961.
The mapping of important physical features such as slopes and types of soil and the collection of all available information pertaining to public utility service areas are being conducted as staff projects and, like the other two inventory projects, are scheduled for completion July 1, 1961.
In addition to the collection of service charges, the special districts levy annual property taxes of approximately $450,000.
In eleven states, the fiscal year of the cities ends on December 31, while the state fiscal year ends on June 30 (Arkansas, Colorado, Indiana, Kansas, New Hampshire, New Jersey, Ohio, South Dakota, Utah, Washington, and Wisconsin).
All of its cities close their fiscal years on December 31.
It enables towns to make more economical purchases and to take advantage of cash discounts.
6.
This type of borrowing can be reduced to a minimum if quarterly installment payment of taxes is instituted and the first payment placed near the opening of the fiscal year.
These involve more the mechanics employed in adjusting to fiscal uniformity than they do actual disadvantages to the principle.
Fortunately, there are no cities or towns in the state, with one or two possible exceptions that are in too difficult a position to finance the proposed change.
The latter matter is considered in detail in a later section.
These municipalities include: Barrington, Lincoln, Middletown, Newport, North Kingstown, and South Kingstown.
However, neither of these two cities is on the desired July 1 to June 30 fiscal year.
All of these towns will require adjustments of both their fiscal and tax collection years.
In addition, no two Rhode Island communities are identical in relation to their over-all financial condition.
On April 30, ceremonies commemorating the departure of these volunteers will take place at 1:00 P.M. at the Dexter Training Grounds in Providence.
As the President has said, "only when our arms are sufficient beyond doubt can we be certain that they will never be employed".
This voyage was the first successful crossing of the Atlantic under steam propulsion.
The ideal girl -- possessed of talent, poise, intelligence, personality and beauty of face and figure -- is chosen each year to represent Rhode Island.
The United Nations Charter sets forth standards which, if adhered to, will promote peace and justice throughout the world.
Ballet flowered in Italy during the next hundred years, and about 1550 was carried to France when the Italian princess, Catherine De Medicis, married the King of France.
As another Thanksgiving draws near, let us take time out from the often hectic pace of our lives to try and recapture the feelings that filled the hearts of the Pilgrims on the first Thanksgiving.
With world peace constantly being threatened, most of us regard the future skeptically, and even with fear.
Sec. 2.
undertake economic studies and surveys to determine present and prospective costs of producing water for beneficial consumptive purposes in various parts of the United States by the leading saline water processes as compared with other standard methods.
(E)
(J)
This subsection shall not be so construed as to deprive the owner of any background patent relating thereto of such rights as he may have thereunder.
The Secretary of the Interior may issue rules and regulations to effectuate the purposes of this Act.
Upon such sale, there shall be returned to any State or public agency which has contributed financial assistance under Section 3 of this joint resolution a proper share of the net proceeds of the sale.
(4)
As used in this section -- (1)
Subject to the limitations of this Act, the Secretary shall make stabilization payments to small domestic producers upon presentation of evidence satisfactory to him of their status as such producers and of the sale by them of newly mined ores, or concentrates produced therefrom, as provided in this Act.
and the maximum amount of such payments which may be made on account of such sales made during the calendar year 1965 shall not exceed $3,500,000.
During fiscal years 1959 and 1960, there were 139 military and civilian students who came to the Institute for varying periods of special instruction.
evaluation of histochemical techniques;
1.
Members of the Medical Illustration Service lectured and conducted demonstrations on the use of training aids to military personnel and various civilian medical organizations.
5.
The American Registry Of Pathology operates as a cooperative enterprise in medical research and education between the Armed Forces Institute of Pathology and the civilian medical profession on a national and international basis, under such conditions as may be agreed upon between the National Research Council and The Surgeons General of the Army, Navy, and Air Force.
The demand for teaching sets continues unabated since they provide the means for the military physicians to review the pathology of selected disease processes or organ systems for review of basic sciences and correlation of clinical physiological behavior with structural changes.
During the period, the laboratory rendered centralized macropathological service to qualified requesters.
These publications replaced the U. S. Naval Medical Bulletin, published continuously from 1907 through 1959, as well as the Navy's Hospital Corps Quarterly and the Bulletin of the U. S. Army Medical Department, published from 1922 to 1949.
Two special issues were published, one for November 1959 on Space Medicine, the other the Tenth Anniversary issue for January 1960.
Similar measurements are being initiated to resolve a large discrepancy in the heat of formation of another important combustion product, beryllium fluoride.
Using Edgerton's method, the fast-closing action is obtained from the blackening of a window by exploding a series of parallel lead wires.
somewhat less likely sources are the heavier hydrides SH, SiH, and Aj.
the frequencies are 1665.32 and 1667.36 Af, with an uncertainty of 0.10 Af.
When values of temperature derived with this instrument were compared with the accepted values associated with liquid helium-4 vapor pressures, differences of about 10 and 7 millidegrees respectively were found.
Surface temperature gradients have been found to exist in liquid helium baths contained in 15- and 25-liter metallic storage dewars.
The transducer is a null-type instrument and employs a stretched diaphragm, 0.001 in. thick and 1 in. in diameter.
International cooperative activities.
2.1.6.
A wall-stabilized high-current arc source was constructed and used to study transition probabilities of atomic hydrogen and oxygen.
In addition to the penalties provided in Title 18, United States Code, Section 1001, any person guilty of any act, as provided therein, with respect to any matter under this Title, shall forfeit all rights under this Title, and, if payment shall have been made or granted, the Commission shall take such action as may be necessary to recover the same.
Any and all payments required to be made by the Secretary of the Treasury under this title pursuant to any award made by the Commission to the Government of the United States shall be covered into the Treasury to the credit of miscellaneous receipts.
Sec. 5.
(B)
(4)
Sec. 8.
a special fund created for that purpose pursuant to subsection (A) of this section any amounts hereafter paid, in United States dollars, by a foreign government which has entered into a claims settlement agreement with the Government of the United States as described in subsection (A) of Section 4 of this Title.
and (5)
The causes of the decline of the commuter railroads are many and complex -- high taxes, losses of revenue to Government subsidized highway and air carriers, to name but two.
Not only is this kind of duplication wasteful, but it gives the combined system the ability to take freight traffic away from the New York Central and other railroads serving the area.
The Central has pointed out.
That is, will it serve the long-range public interest?
I am also pleased to note that Mr. John B. Oakes, a member of the Times staff since 1946, has been appointed as editorial page editor.
Cuban S.S.R.: Whatever may have been the setbacks resulting from the unsuccessful attempt of the Cuban rebels to establish a beachhead on the Castro-held mainland last week, there was at least one positive benefit, and that was the clear-cut revelation to the whole world of the complete conversion of Cuba into a Russian-dominated military base.
efforts, as I see it, which are being directed, by the way, toward support for future actions, not for those already past.
How can the United States act?
It could stop Cuban re-export of guns and propaganda materials to South America.
So would radar picket ships.
In a broad sense, it would reaffirm the Monroe Doctrine by opposing Communist interference in the Western Hemisphere.
Recent changes.
and (3) research, demonstrations, training and traineeships for vocational rehabilitation -- and in addition for short-term training and instruction.
The provisions are also designed to avoid disruption in State programs already in operation, which might otherwise result from the allotment of funds on the basis of wealth and population alone.
(See Source of Data, below, for per capita income data to be used in this step.
)
Multiply the population of each State by the square of its allotment percentage.
(Multiply the State product in item 8 above by the result obtained in item 10 above.
Additional note on allotments.
Beginning in 1960, the matching requirements for the base allotment are being adjusted (upward or downward, as required) 25% a year, so that by 1963 the entire support allotment will be matched on the basis of a 40% pivot State share, with maximum and minimum State shares of 50% and 30%, respectively.
(the same amount used in item 1 under Method Of Computing Allotments, above.
) 5.
The wooden bracing between the roof beams is placed flush with the inside of the wall.
When the roof blocks are all in place, the final rows of wall blocks are mortared into position.
More detailed instructions may be obtained from your local building supply houses and craftsmen.
The walls are held together with metal ties placed in the wet mortar as the walls are built.
They form effective fallout shelters when mounded over with earth, as shown in figure 10.
The shelter shown would provide almost absolute fallout protection.
Ventilation.
Ventilation is provided in a concrete block basement shelter by vents in the wall and by the open entrance.
Tests have shown that such a device, with a fresh battery, will furnish light continuously for at least 10 days.
The basement or belowground shelters also will serve for tornado or hurricane protection.
One instrument thus would serve both purposes.
There should be a task for everyone and these tasks should be rotated.
The housekeeping problems of living in a shelter will begin as soon as the shelter is occupied.
Even if the electric power fails after an attack, any time that the heater has been used will make the shelter that much more comfortable.
On the ground floor the radiation would be about half what it is outside.
The basement of such an apartment building may provide as much natural protection as the specially constructed concrete block shelter recommended for the basement of a family dwelling.
The fact that sticks out in this voluminous record is that the bulk of Du Pont's production has always supplied the largest part of the requirements of the one customer in the automobile industry connected to Du Pont by a stock interest.
No corporation engaged in commerce shall acquire, directly or indirectly, the whole or any part of the stock or other share capital of another corporation engaged also in commerce, where the effect of such acquisition may be to substantially lessen competition between the corporation whose stock is so acquired and the corporation making the acquisition, or to restrain such commerce in any section or community, or tend to create a monopoly of any line of commerce.
that these products constituted a "line of commerce" within the meaning of the Clayton Act;
The District Courts, in the framing of equitable decrees, are clothed'with large discretion to model their judgements to fit the exigencies of the particular case.
Counsel for the Government invited Du Pont's views on this proposal before recommending a specific program, but stated that if the court desired, or if counsel for Du Pont thought further discussion would not be profitable, the Government was prepared to submit a plan within thirty days.
Du Pont, Christiana, and Delaware were to be enjoined from acquiring stock in or exercising control over General Motors;
Under its plan Du Pont would retain its General Motors shares but be required to pass on to its stockholders the right to vote those shares.
The decrees proposed by the amici curiae were filed in August of 1958.
But in any event, I submit that the power to depose belongs to Congress, not to this Court.
Pp. 62-63.
Mr. Justice Clark delivered the opinion of the Court.
We have concluded that petitioner's claims are controlled by the rationale of Gonzales v. United States, 348 U.S. 407 (1955), and United States v. Nugent, 346 U.S. 1 (1953), and therefore affirm the judgment.
In a periodic review, the local board on July 30, 1953, reclassified him 1-a and upheld this classification after a personal appearance by petitioner, because of his willingness to kill in defense of his church and home.
The appeal board furnished petitioner a copy of the recommendation.
After the recommendation of the Department is forwarded to the appeal board, that is the appropriate place for a registrant to lodge his denial.
At his trial, petitioner sought to secure through subpoena duces tecum the longhand notes of the Department's hearing officer, Evensen, as well as his report thereon.
It is but part of the whole process within the Department that goes into the making of the final recommendation to the appeal board.
Finally petitioner says that he was entitled to inspect the FBI report during the proceedings before the hearing officer as well as at the trial.
With this enlarged role in mind, I should like to make a few suggestions: What we in the United States do or do not do will make a very large difference in what happens in the rest of the world.
I think we need to concern ourselves also with the timeliness of action.
We want to make sure that our junior colleagues realize that ideas are welcome, that initiative goes right down to the bottom and goes all the way to the top.
If the Department of State is to take primary responsibility for foreign policy in Washington, it follows that the ambassador is expected to take charge overseas.
The senior policy officer may be moved to think hard about a problem by any of an infinite variety of stimuli: an idea in his own head, the suggestions of a colleague, a question from the Secretary or the President, a proposal by another department, a communication from a foreign government or an American ambassador abroad, the filing of an item for the agenda of the United Nations or of any other of dozens of international bodies, a news item read at the breakfast table, a question to the President or the Secretary at a news conference, a speech by a Senator or Congressman, an article in a periodical, a resolution from a national organization, a request for assistance from some private American interests abroad, et cetera, ad infinitum.
But he takes his bearings from the great guidelines of policy, well-established precedents, the commitments of the United States under international charters and treaties, basic statutes, and well-understood notions of the American people about how we are to conduct ourselves, in policy literature such as country papers and National Security Council papers accumulated in the Department.
What is the probable attitude of other governments, including those less directly involved?
For the policy officer will know that action can almost never be secret and that in general the effectiveness of policy will be conditioned by the readiness of the country to sustain it.
We cannot test public opinion until the President and the leaders of the country have gone to the public to explain what is required and have asked them for support for the necessary action.
The guiding principle indeed should not be anything like compensation for individual services.
In what part of the government should the Peace Corps be established?
How and when should the Peace Corps be launched?
The need here is most clearly felt and our capacity to recruit and train qualified volunteers in a short period of time is greatest.
In presenting it to other governments and to the United Nations, we could propose that every nation consider the formation of its own peace corps and that the United Nations sponsor the idea and form an international coordinating committee.
If it is decided to make a small shift which may be required from military aid or special assistance funds, in order to carry out the purposes of the Mutual Security Act through this new peaceful program, this will be a hopeful sign to the world.
These could be costly and have a serious effect both at home and abroad.
As you said in your State of the Union message, "The problems are towering and unprecedented -- and the response must be towering and unprecedented as well".
One of the greatest obstacles to the achievement of this goal is the lack of trained men and women with the skill to teach the young and assist in the operation of development projects -- men and women with the capacity to cope with the demands of swiftly evolving economics, and with the dedication to put that capacity to work in the villages, the mountains, the towns and the factories of dozens of struggling nations.
The long-range objective of habitat management is to make it fully productive so as to support fish and game populations to contribute to the need for public use and enjoyment.
Improve 7,000 miles of fishing streams and 56,000 acres of lakes by stabilizing banks, planting streamside cover, and constructing channel improvements.
In addition to direct protection measures, more intensive management of timber resources will assist in reduction of losses from insects and disease.
Continuation of present blister rust control work plus extension of control to 250,000 acres not now protected but which should be managed for white pine production.
Meeting these levels of protection from fire calls for: 1.
Rodent control work for the 10-year period will be aimed at control of the most serious infestations of harmful rodents, such as porcupines and mice, on high-value areas of forage and commercial timberlands.
Because administration of the forest highway system is a responsibility of the Secretary of Commerce with maintenance provided by the States and counties, this Development Program for the National Forests does not include estimates of the funds needed to maintain the forest highway system nor to construct the additions to it that are needed.
(B)
Use of these roads by the public results in substantial benefits to the localities the roads serve.
2.
there are no reasonable prospects that these conditions will be corrected or changed.
a Marine Corps of 3 divisions and 3 air wings with 175,000 men;
These strengths are considered adequate to meet the essential roles and missions of the reserves in support of our national security objectives.
-- Expenditures for operating and maintaining the stations and equipment of the Armed Forces are estimated to be $10.3 billion in 1961, which is $184 million more than in 1960.
Accordingly, if it is not repealed by the Congress at its present session, I shall have no alternative thereafter but to direct the Secretary of Defense to disregard the section unless a court of competent jurisdiction determines otherwise.
On the other hand, the new authority of $3,825 million proposed for missile procurement (excluding research and construction) in 1961 is $581 million higher than for 1960.
Thus, in the last few years, a number of programs which looked very promising at the time their development was commenced have since been completely eliminated.
Continuing technical problems involved in the use of this fuel, coupled with significant improvements in aircraft range through other means, have now raised serious questions about the value of the high-energy fuel program.
This aircraft, which was planned for initial operational use about 1965, would be complementary to but likewise competitive with the four strategic ballistic missile systems, all of which are scheduled to become available earlier.
one B-52 can do the work of several B-47's which it will replace.
The United States Government shall have the right to terminate the financing of further sales under this Agreement of any commodity if it determines at any time after June 30, 1961, that such action is necessitated by the existence of an international emergency.
In the event that agreement is not reached on the use of the rupees for grant or loan purposes within six years from the date of this Agreement, the Government of the United States of America may use the local currency for any purposes authorized by Section 104 of the Act.
3.
For the government of the United States of America:
The rupee equivalent of $63.8 million, but not more than 5 percent of the currencies received under the Agreement will be used for loans to be made by the Export-Import Bank of Washington under Section 104 (E) of the Agricultural Trade Development and Assistance Act, as amended (hereinafter referred to as the Act), and for administrative expenses of the Export-Import Bank of Washington in India incident thereto.
When the Export-Import Bank is prepared to act favorably upon an application, it will so notify the Department of Economic Affairs and will indicate the interest rate and the repayment period which would be used under the proposed loan.
Industry, including the production of fertilizer, irrigation and power, transport and communications, and credit institutions;
Local currency will be advanced or reimbursed to the Government of India for financing agreed projects under paragraphs 1 (B) and 1 (C) of Article 2, of the Agreement upon the presentation of such documentation as the United States may specify.
The extent of such interference -- which may be so slight as to be undetectable at any point where either of the stations renders a usable signal, or may be so great as to virtually destroy the service areas of both stations -- depends on many factors, among the principal ones being the distance between the stations, their respective radiated power, and, of particular significance here, the time of day.
All AM stations radiate both skywave and groundwave signals, at all hours;
Accordingly, the 1938-39 rules adopted these hours as limitations upon the operation of daytime stations.
The rules and policies to be applied in this process of course must be based on objectives which represent what is to be desired if radio service is to be of maximum use to the Nation.
In dealing with these frequencies, the objective listed first above -- provision of service to all listeners -- was predominant;
8.
Essentially, the question presented for decision in the present Daytime Skywave proceeding is whether our decision (in 1938-1939) to assign stations on the basis of daytime conditions from sunrise to sunset, is sound as a basis for AM allocations, or whether, in the light of later developments and new understanding, skywave transmission is of such significance during the hours immediately before sunset and after sunrise that this condition should be taken into account, and some stations required to afford protection to other stations during these hours.
When and where to file
Farmers, for these purposes, have until February 15, 1962, to file Form 1040 and pay the tax in full for the calendar year 1961.
His return for the period January 1 to June 20, 1961, is due April 16, 1962.
Extensions are not granted as a matter of course, and the reasons for your request must be substantial.
You must attach a statement to your return, if you take advantage of this automatic extension, showing that you were in Alaska or were outside the United States or Puerto Rico on April 15 or other due date.
Whether the check is certified or uncertified, the tax is not paid until the check is paid.
Send your return to the Director of Internal Revenue for the district in which you have your legal residence or principal place of business.
(See Chapter 6.
Employees deduct expenses of travel, meals and lodging while away from home in connection with the performance of their services as employees.
If you are a life tenant, you deduct allowable depreciation and depletion.
These deductions may not be claimed if you elect to use the Standard Deduction or Tax Table.
See Chapter 5.
See Chapter 1.
For this concept of an Advisory Board, ancillary to the Board of Trustees, we are indebted to the late President of Harvard University, A. Lawrence Lowell, a master of the subject of the structure of cultural institutions and their administration.
For example, the interest of past members of the Foundation's Advisory Board remains such that they place their knowledge and judgments at our disposal much as they had done when they were, formally, members of that Board.
The Trustees of the Foundation appointed Dr. Ray to that position with the stated expectation that he would succeed the present Secretary General upon the latter's eventual retirement.
We are not given to lamentations, neither personally nor in these Reports.
Winston Churchill's Olympian, optimistic and resolute sayings when Britain stood alone against the armed forces of tyranny less than twenty years ago;
Nevertheless, they made naught of Marx's prophecy that capitalism would never pay the "workers" -- to use Marx's word -- more than a subsistence wage, with the consequence that increased productivity must inevitably find its way into the capitalists'pockets with the result, in turn, that the gap between the rich and the poor would irrevocably widen and the misery of the poor increase.
The greater the range of freedom for individual men, the greater the range of choice;
Indeed, if pressed, we would say what the late Robert Henri, American painter, said to a pupil, "Anything will do for a subject: it's what you do with it that counts".
The years of Joseph's partnership with his father were numbered.
Mr. Sharpe's arrival in the business did indeed provide what Mr. Brown had most coveted -- time for "tinkering", and the opportunity of carrying out in the back room those developments in precision graduation which most interested him at that time.
When he showed this model as his "solution" as to how the Howe sewing machine operated, he was told he was "wrong", and discovered to his amazement that the Howe Machine, which was unknown to him in detail, used two threads while the one that he had perfected used only one.
During the Civil War period Mr. Brown also invented the Brown & Sharpe formed tooth gear cutter, a basic invention which ultimately revolutionized the world's gear manufacturing industry by changing its basic economics.
This machine, like its milling counterpart, was the antecedent of a machine-family used to this very day in precision metalworking shops throughout the world.
He was an ardent champion of the Brown & Sharpe Apprentice Program and personal counselor to countless able men who first developed their industrial talents with the company.
The Machine Tool Division is currently producing Brown & Sharpe single spindle automatic screw machines, grinding machines of many types, and knee and bed-type milling machines.
Our current rate of incoming orders has now contracted and unless this trend can be reversed, our production for 1961 will be lower than for 1960.
Budget increased
Large-package twister
The Uniconer has several outstanding features -- it operates with much greater efficiency than existing equipment;
It is equipped with an automatic threading device to reduce waste and handling time.
We have recently entered into an agreement with Compagnie Generale De Telegraphie Sans Fil (CSF) of France for the exclusive exchange of technical information on thermoelectric materials.
Early in August we broke ground for a new $3,500,000 plant in Warwick, Rhode Island, which will house our textile and coil winding machinery operations.
During the year our British subsidiary, Leesona-Holt, Limited, expanded its plant in Darwen, England, and added machine tool capacity.
Interim financing of construction costs is provided by a short term loan from The Chase Manhattan Bank.
In addition to direct salaries and wages, the Company paid or accrued during the year the following amounts for the benefit of employees:
The problem of efficient production in textiles is complicated by the fact that the industry serves large markets which shift quickly with changes of fashion in apparel or home decoration.
The Glee Club is open to all students and faculty with no auditions necessary for membership.
The sermons are given by the College Chaplain, by members of the faculty, or by guest preachers.
The Y.M.C.A. and Y.W.C.A. at Carleton are connected with the corresponding national organizations and carry out their general purposes.
and to develop a discriminating audience for good drama and sensitive performance.
Athletics
Carleton is a member of the Midwest Collegiate Athletic Conference and abides by its eligibility rules.
The Soccer Club was organized by undergraduate men interested in playing soccer and promoting the sport.
Orchesis, for students interested in the modern dance, contributes to the May Fete and offers earlier in the year a modern dance demonstration.
The Alumni Fund Report in September;
Student publications
Members of The Algol staff are nominated by the editor and business manager and appointed by the Publications Board.
The Carleton Social Co-operative is a standing committee of the Carleton Student Association.
Home entertainment sales up
Separate phonographs also had a good year, reflecting the growing popularity of stereo sound and the same tendency on the part of the consumer to upgrade that characterized the radio-TV market.
Among the items scheduled for acceleration in the near future are the Polaris and B70 programs, strengthening of the airborne alert system of the Strategic Air Command, and improved battlefield surveillance systems.
Informed estimates look for this market to approximately quadruple by the late 1960's, under the stimulus of new applications in the fields of banking and retailing, industrial process control, and information storage and retrieval.
Sales of transistors in 1960 exceeded $300 million, compared to $222 million in 1959 despite substantial price reductions in virtually all types.
Mr. Devey's new responsibilities are in addition to those of his present post as marketing manager of Sprague's Special Products Group, which manufactures a wide line of digital electronic components, packaged component assemblies, and high temperature magnet wires.
Mr. Brown presently has over 130 patents to his credit dating back to 1923.
He may welcome their appropriate participation in the determination of high policy, but he has a right to expect, in return, that they will leave administrative matters to the administration.
by making certain that no faculty member has too many committee assignments;
The critical task for every president and his academic administrative staff is to assure that the college or university continually rebuilds and regenerates itself so that its performance will match changing social demands.
Indirectly he can best help them by insuring that rigorous criteria for appointment and promotion are clearly set forth and adhered to.
Before the president recommends a candidate to the trustees, the administration collects the views of colleagues in the same field of knowledge on campus and elsewhere.
Recently colleges and universities have begun to translate their educational philosophy into institution-wide goals.
It inspires confidence in his institution's determination to establish goals and to achieve them.
Some offices have very broad responsibilities, touching on almost all aspects of a university's instructional program.
Because scientific instruction and research involve increasingly large sums of money, an institution should choose its fields of prominence.
A president is frequently besieged to serve in non-academic civic and governmental capacities, to make speeches to lay groups, and to make numerous ceremonial appearances on and off campus.
Radio observations of Venus and Jupiter have already supplied unexpected experimental data on the physical conditions of these planets.
This was followed by a comprehensive series of observations of the 1.25-cm emission of the moon over three lunar cycles by Piddington and Minnett (1949).
In the relatively short time since these early observations, Venus has been observed at additional wave lengths in the range from 0.8 to 10.2 cm, and Jupiter has been observed over the wave-length range from 3.03 to 68 Aj.
The concept of apparent black-body temperature is used to describe the radiation received from the moon and the planets.
2.1 observations
The constant-temperature contours are much smoother than those observed at 4.3 mm by Coates (1959) and apparently the emission at 8 mm is not nearly so sensitive to differences in surface features.
The variation in the 3-cm emission of the moon during a lunation is very much less than the variation in the 8.6-mm emission, as would be expected from the explanation of Piddington and Minnett (1949).
The anode ablation could be reduced to a negligible amount.
The heat transfer to the anode is due to the following effects: 1.
The gas flow through a plasma generator will modify these conditions;
The purpose of the present study is to study the thermal conditions and to establish an energy balance for a transpiration cooled anode as well as the effect of blowing on the arc voltage.
Figures 1 to 3 show photographic and schematic views of the test stand and of two different models of the anode holder.
The anode plug (Figure 2) was inserted into a carbon anode holder.
In addition, the inner surface of the carbon shield was covered with aluminum foil to reduce radiation.
1.
To measure the surface temperature of the anode plug, the surface was scanned with a pyrometer.
The upstream gas temperature measured with the thermocouple shown in figure 2 was Af.
The total heat loss through the anode holder included also the heat conducted through the base of the cylindrical piece into the adjacent metal parts.
In normal use weights are hung on the end of the tape and allowed to pull the tape and the material to be tested between the blocks.
Figure 3 shows the data on a silicone fluid, labeled 12,500 cps which gave a high positive normal pressure.
This negative pressure is not explained by the velocity head Af since this is not sufficient to explain the readings by several magnitudes.
Consider a shear field with a height of H and a cross-sectional area of A opposed by a manometer with a height of H (referred to the same base as H) and a cross-sectional area of A.
This can be justified thermodynamically in this case, and this will be done in a separate paper which is being prepared.
These droplets appear to be ellipsoids, and it is mathematically convenient to assume that they are.
These are reasonable assumptions with low viscosity fluids suspended in high viscosity fluids which are subjected to low rates of shear.
This appears to be high, as would be expected from the appreciable viscosity of the material in the drops.
A proton magnetic resonance study of polycrystalline Af as a function of magnetic field and temperature is presented.
Introduction
Moreover, it will be asymmetric until a certain critical Af distance is reached, below which it will become symmetric.
X-ray and experimental density showed one formula unit in the unit cell, corresponding to a paramagnetic ion density of Af.
A drawing of the structure is to be found in reference 6.
(3) hydrogen atoms are asymmetrically placed, either randomly or in an ordered way, so that some hydrogen atoms are closer to the upper oxygen atoms while others are closer to the lower oxygen atoms.
Since Af is ferromagnetic, we felt that any results obtained from the magnetically contaminated Af would be suspect.
All subsequent measurements were made on material which had been heated to 375-degrees-C for one hour.
The particles appeared rough and undoubtedly the single-crystal domains are smaller than this.
The spectrometer was adjusted to minimize the amount of dispersion mode mixed in with the absorption signal.
For the low-temperature measurements the sample was cooled by a cold nitrogen gas flow method similar to that of Andrew and Eades.
The bubble was filled to the top and special precautions were taken to prevent any sample from remaining in the capillary.
A well-publicized entrant which has achieved success only recently is the built liquid detergent, with which the major problem today is incorporation of builder and active into a small volume using a sufficiently high builder/active ratio.
One gram of cotton has been found to have a specific surface area of Af.
Since practical washing procedures are both lengthy and expensive, a number of laboratory tests have been developed for the numerical evaluation of detergents.
Indeed, when the proper inorganic constituents are employed, practically any wetting or surface-active agent will do a reasonably good job when present in sufficient amount in a hard-surface cleaning formulation.
3.
Greases, stains, and miscellaneous soils are usually sorbed onto the soiled surface.
Physicochemical investigations of anionic surfactants, including the soaps, have shown that there is little polymerization or agglomeration of the chain anions below a certain region of concentration called the critical micelle concentration.
Obviously, a substance which is permanently or temporarily sorbed on the surface in place of the soil will tend to accelerate this process and effectively push off the greasy soil.
The crude picture of the detergency process thus far developed can be represented as: Af.
In the gas phase, with Af of Af and Af of Af, quantum yields of the order of Af have been observed at 85-degrees.
Furthermore, the exchange would not be expected to be sensitive to trace amounts of impurities because it would not be apt to be a chain reaction since the activation energy for abstraction of chlorine by a chlorine atom would be expected to be too high;
To prepare the latter, silver chloride was precipitated from a solution containing Af obtained from the Oak Ridge National Laboratory.
The contents of the manifold for liquid phase experiments were then mixed by shaking, redistributed to the reaction tubes, frozen down, and each tube was then sealed off.
Two types of light source were used, a thousand watt projection lamp and an AH6 high pressure mercury arc.
the thermal reaction.
No detectable reaction was found at room temperature for reaction mixtures allowed to stand up to 5 hours.
When typical reaction cells to which 0.3 of an atmosphere of oxygen had been added were illuminated, chlorine and phosgene were produced.
Wyatt and Whipple, 1950), which is a retardation of the orbital motion of particles by the relativistic aberration of the repulsive force of the impinging solar radiation, causes the dust to spiral into the sun in times much shorter than the age of the Earth.
Since there is a continual loss of micrometeoritic material in space because of the radiation effects, there must be a continual replenishment: otherwise, micrometeorites would have disappeared from interplanetary space.
At greater distances from the sun, the situation is still less certain.
Statistically, the most significant data have been collected from the sensors on 1958 Alpha (Explorer 1), 1958 Delta 2 (Sputnik 3), and 1959 Eta (Vanguard 3).
for the next two days, the impact rate was Af;
With detectors sensitive to three mass intervals and based on a few counts, the second and third Russian space probes indicate that the flux of the smallest particles detected is less than that of larger ones.
The threshold mass is derived from the momentum threshold with the assumption of a mean impact velocity of Af in the U.S. work and Af in the U.S.S.R. work.
From an estimated mass of 25 g for a zero-magnitude meteorite, the other masses are derived with the assumption of a mass decrease by a factor of 2.512 for each unit increase in magnitude.
Note that the mass scale is one to two orders of magnitude greater than some previously used;
The extrapolation may be in error for several reasons.
Present data indicate an accretion of about Af tons per year over the entire globe, or about Af.
An important operational procedure in BW for an enemy would be to create an areosol or cloud of agent over the target area.
This area is highly susceptible to infection.
The smaller the particle the further it will travel downwind before settling out.
Figure 1 describes the results obtained in this trial.
This operation was started at 5:00 p.m. and lasted for 29 minutes.
As can be seen from these dosage isopleths, approximately 100 square miles was covered within the area sampled.
An enemy would obviously choose an agent that is believed to be highly infectious.
An enemy might choose an acutely debilitating microorganism, a chronic disease producer or one causing a high rate of lethality.
They then point out that with our present lack of knowledge of all the factors concerned in the rise and fall of epidemics, it is unlikely that a planned episode could be initiated.
This was done with full knowledge that there would be no epidemic.
America is rapidly becoming a nation that uses processed, precooked and even predigested foods.
In the present work whole sera have been fractionated by chromatography on DEAE-cellulose using single gradients similar to those described by Sober and Peterson, and certain chemical and serological properties of the fractions containing antibodies of the ABO and Rh systems have been described.
These antibody titers were determined by reaction with homozygous Af red cells.
The activities of fractions of sera containing Rh antibodies were tested by the saline, albumin and indirect Coombs techniques.
The cells were then washed three times with saline and resuspended to 2% in saline.
The other, a shallow concave gradient (Fig. 1), was produced with a so-called "cone-sphere" apparatus, the "cone" being a 2-liter Erlenmeyer flask and the "sphere," a 2-liter round-bottom flask.
Paper electrophoresis was carried out on the concentrated samples in a Spinco model R cell using barbital buffer, pH 8.6, ionic strength 0.075, at room temperature on Whatman 3MM filter paper.
For preparative ultracentrifugation, fractions from the column were concentrated by negative pressure dialysis to volumes of 1 ml or less, transferred to cellulose tubes and diluted to 12 ml with isotonic saline.
In 2 of 15 experiments on whole serum a region of agglutinin activity with intermediate anionic binding capacity was detected (Region 3, Fig. 1).
Once again, both anti-A and anti-B activities were found in the insoluble material precipitated during dialysis.
when the insoluble fraction was suspended in a volume of saline equal to that of the original serum sample, no complete antibody activity could be detected.
It is a happy, buzzing crowd.
As we have already seen in the first chapter, bumblebees are bigger, hairier, and much more colorful than honeybees, exhibiting various combinations of black, yellow, white and orange.
She also builds one or two waxen cups which she fills with honey.
The broods of workers that appear later tend to be bigger than the first ones, probably because they are better fed.
Some members of the bee family have become idlers, social parasites that live at the expense of their hardworking relatives.
But let us return, after this gruesome interlude, to our willow catkins in the spring;
The development of the Andrena larvae is very rapid, so that by the end of spring they have already pupated and become adults.
The way in which it transports its pollen is not so perfect, either.
This may just be pride in my adopted State of Washington, but certainly I love to visit their mound cities near Yakima and Prosser in July or August, when the bees are in their most active period.
Felix Kopstein states that "when the snake reaches its maturity it has already reached about its maximal length", but goes on to cite the reticulate python as an exception, with maximum length approximately three times that at maturity.
If, in a certain part of the range, it starts life 1 foot longer than do any of the other (relatively large) giants, and reaches maturity at, let us guess, 18 inches longer than the others, a quadrupling of the maturity length would result in a maximum of (nearly) 40 feet.
The best way to determine the correct figure (in captives) is by direct observation of pairs isolated from birth, a method that produced surprising results: maturing of a male Indian python in less than two years, his mate in less than three;
Klauber investigated the rattlesnakes carefully himself and also summarized what others have found.
the relatively wild conditions still found in tropical South America might be responsible.
Bernard Heuvelmans also treats of the largest snakes, but on the third level, and is chiefly concerned with the anaconda.
Definite information on the growth of senile individuals is lacking.
Beebe had a 3-foot anaconda that weighed only 9.8 ounces.
Oliver's 37-1/2 feet is partly based on this report and can be accepted as probable.
However, as so many of the records are not certainly based on newborn snakes, these data must be taken tentatively;
The bronchus and pulmonary artery in this lung type maintain a close relationship throughout.
The most distal airways are similar to those found in type 1, being composed of numerous, apparently true terminal bronchioles and occasional, poorly developed respiratory bronchioles (figs. 14, 15).
Such a dual derivation was strikingly demonstrated during the injection process where initial filling would be noted to occur in several isolated pleural vessels at once.
and along the terminal bronchiole (figs. 14, 17, 18, 19).
A reason for such wide variation in the pulmonary morphology is entirely lacking at present.
Apparently, however, Miller has relied heavily on the anatomy in dogs and cats, and he has been criticized for using pathologic human material in his normal study (Loosli,'38).
The presence of normally occurring bronchial artery-pulmonary artery anastomoses was first noted in 1721 by Ruysch, and thereafter by many others.
In addition, little work has been done on a comparative basis in regard to the normal existence of bronchial artery-pulmonary artery anastomoses.
Also, for the present, great caution should be exercised in the choice of an experimental animal for pulmonary studies if they are to be applied to man.
absent in type 2;
This may be due to the heavy interlobular connective tissue barriers present.
It is convenient to classify a child's onset ages and completion ages as "advanced", "moderate" (modal), or "delayed" according to whether the child's age equivalent "dots" appeared to the left of, upon, or to the right of the appropriate short transverse line.
Second, the upper portion permits comparison of maturity levels of an equal number of growth centers from the long, short, and round bones of the five regions.
Since a Skeletal Age rating can be made at any age during growth, from Elbow, Shoulder, Knee, or Foot as well as Hand, it seems to be the method of choice when one wishes to study most aspects of skeletal developmental progress during childhood.
Thus, the alignment of the "dots" and "tips", respectively, indicate individual variability of the 21 growth centers of each child with respect to the mean values for these boys and girls.
Obviously, the slowing for her may have occurred at any point between Onset and Completion.
At the top of Figure 5, for example, the Onset range and Completion range lines for the chosen growth center have been drawn for girls according to their mean and standard deviation values in Table 1.
It is of interest that her menarche was somewhat later than the average for the girls in this group.
Organification of iodine
If tyrosine and a system generating hydrogen peroxide are added to a cell-free homogenate of the thyroid, large quantities of free mono-iodotyrosine can be formed (Alexander, 1959).
Thyroglobulin synthesis
One of the proteases has pH optimum of about 3.7 and another of about 5.7 (McQuillan, Stanley and Trikojus, 1954;
It has been shown that thyroglobulin binds thyroxine, but the binding does not appear to be particularly strong.
The mechanism of action of these drugs has not been completely worked out, but certain of them appear to act by reducing the oxidised form of iodine before it can iodinate thyroglobulin (Astwood, 1954).
There it seems that the goitrogen ingested by dairy animals is itself inactive but is converted in the animal to an active goitrogen, which is then secreted in the milk.
This appears to result from both a reduced amount of the iodine substrate and a more rapid secretion of newly iodinated thyroglobulin.
1.
Pierce, Carsten and Wynston, 1960).
We should like to re-emphasise the importance of stating results solely in terms of international units of TSH activity and of avoiding the re-introduction of biological units.
Report of case
Later, chlorothiazide and salt restriction became necessary to control the edema of chronic congestive failure.
Chlorothiazide was omitted for a 2-week period, but there was no change in the muscle weakness.
The clinical impression at this time was either muscular dystrophy or polymyositis.
A high-protein diet, calcium lactate supplements, and norethandrolone failed to change the skeletal complaint or the severe muscle weakness.
The valves were normal except for thin yellow plaques on the inferior surface of the mitral leaflets.
Microscopically, there was emphysema, fibrosis, and vascular congestion.
The mucosa of the stomach was atrophic and irregularly blackened over a 14 cm. area.
The kidneys were pale and weighed right, 110 gm., and left, 230 gm.
Microscopically, there were many areas of hypercellularity alternating with areas of hypocellularity.
Inflammatory cells were strikingly absent.
In all of the sections examined, the arterioles and small arteries were essentially normal.
Root and stem tumors from sweet clover plants infected with WTV were quick-frozen in liquid nitrogen, embedded in ice, and cut at 3 - 6 **ym in a cryostat maintained at -16-degrees to -20-degrees.
Sections were then washed with PBS for 15 - 30 minutes.
In the eyepiece a Wratten 2 B filter was used to filter off residual ultra-violet light.
Unstained sections mounted in buffered glycerine or sections treated only with NS or Af did not show such green fluorescence.
In the latter cases an additional treatment of the DEAE-cellulose-treated Af with 50 mg of sweet clover stem tissue powder further improved the specificity.
Nonspecific staining could be satisfactorily eliminated by passing these conjugates through a DEAE-cellulose column as described for Af.
Distribution of virus antigen
In both the direct and indirect methods of staining, the conjugates had nonspecifically staining fractions.
A study of the distribution of WTV antigen within the pseudophloem cells indicates that it is irregularly distributed in the cytoplasm.
In addition, the neocortical-hypothalamic relations play a great role in primates, as Mirsky's interesting experiment on the "communication of affect" demonstrates.
Thus cortico-fugal discharges induced by topical application of strychnine to a minute area in the neocortex summate with spikes present in the hypothalamus and cause increased convulsive discharges.
With the dominance of the sympathetic division of the hypothalamus, the opposite changes occur.
The shock therapies act likewise on the hypothalamic balance.
The fundamental differences between physiological and pathological states of parasympathetic (and also of sympathetic) dominance remain to be elucidated.
These are few and seemingly disjointed data, but they illustrate the important fact that fundamental alterations in conditioned reactions occur in a variety of states in which the hypothalamic balance has been altered by physiological experimentation, pharmacological action, or clinical processes.
An important observation of Pavlov served as a guide post to achieve such a reversibility by physiological means.
The feeding-pain antagonism seems to be based on this reciprocal relation between the tropho- and ergotropic systems.
6.4.
The second situation is illustrated by the operator T on Af (F any field) represented in the standard basis by Af.
Theorem 12.
If the direct-sum decomposition (A) is valid, how can we get hold of the projections Af associated with the decomposition?
Thus the Af are projections which correspond to some direct-sum decomposition of the space V.
Conversely, let G be any polynomial such that Af.
By Theorem 10, D is a diagonalizable operator which we shall call the diagonalizable part of T.
Suppose that the minimal polynomial for T decomposes over F into a product of linear polynomials.
Now we have Af or Af and all four of these operators commute with one another.
but then since the operator is diagonalizable, the minimal polynomial cannot have a repeated root;
In concluding this section, we should like to give an example which illustrates some of the ideas of the primary decomposition theorem.
If we are discussing differentiable complex-valued functions, then Af and V are complex vector spaces, and Af may be any complex numbers.
that is, Af, etc.
We devote a chapter to the binomial distribution not only because it is a mathematical model for an enormous variety of real life phenomena, but also because it has important properties that recur in many other probability models.
When three dice are tossed repeatedly, what is the probability that the number of aces is 0 (or 1, or 2, or 3)?
In the marksmanship example, a trial consists of "one round shot at a target" with outcome either one bull's-eye (success) or none (failure).
On three Fridays the coach has needed a driver.
The managers stay the same, so that Af is the same for all weeks.
and for the aces, we toss three dice (Af).
The word "binomial" means "of two names" or "of two terms", and both usages apply in our work: the first to the names of the two outcomes of a binomial trial, and the second to the terms P and Af that represent the probabilities of "success" and "failure".
Experiment where p is not constant.
When this experiment is viewed as composed of five binomial trials, one for each member of the family, the outcomes of the trials are obviously not independent.
Therefore, under independent voting, Af or 0.36 of the couples would cast two votes for picture A, and Af or 0.16 would cast two votes for picture B.
Obviously, very slight changes in P do not change the probabilities much, and a slight lack of independence may not make an appreciable difference.
The choice of P and N determines the binomial distribution uniquely, and different choices always produce different distributions (except when Af;
The numbers of successes on the five individual shots are, then, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1.
Indeed, the spiral Af, with the two endpoints connected by a straight line possesses only one inscribed square.
To each paired vertex and diagonal point there corresponds a unique forward corner point, i.e., the corner on C reached first by proceeding along C from the vertex in the direction of increasing T.
The graph, as a set, may have a finite number of components.
Proof.
But Af is just the curve Af translated without rotation through a small arc, for Af is always obtained by rotating C through exactly 90-degrees.
Lemma 2.
In the third category the function is double-valued in this interval.
Lemma 3.
Thus the multiplicity of Af for a given T must be an even number.
We have Af, plus tangent points.
Thus we obtain g{t} by introducing an oblique g{t}-axis in the Aj.
The line Af is the image of L.
There are various sets of exceptional lines, or lines whose images are not unique.
The congruence of its secants is therefore of order Af and class Af.
Hence C'is a Af curve on Q.
Since C is rational, this correspondence has K coincidences, each of which implies a line of the pencil which meets its image.
The first possibility requires that there be a line through P which meets **zg in Af points;
But if no two lines of the regulus of multiple secants of **zg can intersect, then the regulus must be quadratic, or in other words, **zg must be either a Af or a Af curve on a nonsingular quadric surface.
As the historic processes of modernization gradually gain momentum, their cohesion will be threatened by divisive forces, the gaps between rulers and subjects, town and country, will widen;
We should do what we can to discourage this conclusion, both by offering assistance for their domestic needs and by reacting firmly to irresponsible actions on the world scene.
Most countries in this second category share the difficulty of having many of the structures of a modern political and social system without the modern standards of performance required to make them effective.
Only within the framework of a mature relationship characterized by honest appraisals of performance can we provide telling assistance.
As an isolated policy, land reform is likely to be politically disruptive;
But these countries have made big strides toward developing the necessary human and social overhead capital;
Thus, although the agenda of external assistance in the economic sphere are cumulative, and many of the policies suggested for nations in the earlier stages remain relevant, the basic purpose of American economic policy during the later stages of development should be to assure that movement into a stage of self-sustaining growth is not prevented by lack of foreign exchange.
Particularly when based upon a single dominant party, governments may respond to such a situation by claiming a monopoly of understanding about the national interest.
American and free-world policies can marginally affect the pace of transition;
With the diversity of religious viewpoints, there are differences of opinion as to the essential features of religion;
the instrumentalities follow.
man has a second chance.
Religion at its best is out in front, ever beckoning and leading on, and, as Lippman put it, "mobilizing all man's scattered energies in one triumphant sense of his own infinite importance".
In providing for these inner individual functions, religion undertakes in behalf of individual peace of mind and well-being services for which there is no other institution.
Even the non-church members -- the freewheelers, marginal religionists and so on -- have the values of Christian civilization internalized in them.
It gives social guidance and direction and makes for programs of social action.
it enables members of the society to operate as a system.
Durkheim noted long ago that religion as "a unified system of beliefs and practices relative to sacred things unites into one single moral community all those who adhere to them".
It has thus been a significant factor in the conservation of social values, though also in some measure, an obstacle to the creation or diffusion of new ones.
Religion provides the most attractive rewards, either in this world or the next, for those who not merely abide by its norms, but who engage in good works.
Clearly, this was a family in crisis.
Simultaneously, a variety of environmental supports -- a calm but not too motherly homemaker, referral for temporary economic aid, intelligent use of nursing care, accompaniment to the well-baby clinic for medical advice on the twins'feeding problem -- combined to prevent further development of predictable pathological mechanisms.
In this relationship-building stage the worker must communicate confidence in the client's ability to deal with the problem.
In addition, in many cases, a variety of concrete social resources -- homemaker, day care, medical and financial aid -- must be reasonably available for the reality support needed to bolster the family in its individual and collective coping and integrative efforts.
That we are experiencing an upsurge of interest in the many formulations and preventive adaptations of brief treatment in social casework is evident from even a small sampling of current literature.
My aim in mentioning this factor obviously is not to give license to "wild therapy" but rather to encourage us to use the time-honored clinical casework skills we already possess, and to use them with greater confidence, precision, and professional pride.
Sentiment.
Maintenance of the status quo might seem to be the appropriate goal or objective of this population today.
Status-roles.
"The standing or rank of an actor in a given social system is determined by the evaluation placed upon the actor and his acts in accordance with the norms and standards of the system".
Within the larger social system are the structural and functional subsystems.
Each family line can be considered a substructure.
To maintain their intermediate position in the larger society, it is not only necessary that members of this population be "visible", but that their numbers be great enough to be recognized as a separate, distinct grouping or system in society.
In turn, higher fertility rates for this population provide a means of increasing the numerical quantity of the population, allowing for the possibility of greater stability and unity.
Systemic linkage
Intense interaction is easier where segregated living and occupational segregation mark off a group from the rest of the community, as in the case of this population.
Social control.
The process of boundary maintenance identifies and preserves the social system or subsystems, and the characteristic interaction is maintained.
A royal decree issued in 1910, two years after the Belgian government assumed authority for the administration of the Congo, prescribed the registration of all adult males by chiefdoms.
The cards, filed by circonscription (sub-chiefdom, or village), are kept in the headquarters of each territoire (chiefdom).
Finally, the registration of births and deaths by nearest relatives was made compulsory in most regions.
The distinction between domiciled (de jure) and present (de facto) population was not clearly defined.
The work of Fonds Reine Elisabeth pour l'Assistance Medicale aux Indigenes Du Congo Belge (FOREAMI) has special interest with respect to demography.
The results are now being analyzed.
The radical nature of the innovation in the Congo was not emphasized in the official announcements.
Sample units (villages in rural areas, houses in cities) were drawn systematically within these strata.
In the reports, summary results are given for both the de facto (A and C) and de jure (A and B) populations;
The quality of the census data can, therefore, be greatly improved by the use of the registration records in conjunction with the field inquiries.
With this evidence in mind, the writer began to plan how he might more effectively educate the married students in his functional classes.
I can now better see just what processes provoked certain actions from me in the past.
This action was rationalized on the basis of a small survey which indicated that a high percentage of married freshmen women on our campus never become sophomores.
For no particular reason, other than that the writer felt it might -- just might -- encourage both mates to be in attendance.
But few who have experienced marriage can dispute the fact that the focus of interpersonal relationships is different in marriage than in a pre-marital situation.
Or "How do we enrich our already fine marriage"?
They began to meet in the evenings and carry forward various discussions they felt not fully enough covered in class.
(1) A great deal of time was spent on processes for solving marital differences.
Since her bereavement this individual has reported to the writer on numerous occasions about how helpful the class discussions were to her in this adjustment crisis.
Perhaps this was related to the fact that all were in on it to some extent.
The three personality inventories (Guilford;
A t test on these two groups, shifters vs. nonshifters, gave a "t" value of 2.405 which is significant on the two-tail test at the
Five subjects (12%) did not change until they had been told that some people have something happen to their arm, what that something was, and also were given a demonstration.
They continued to give an arm-elevation.
While other conditions might be even more effective in bringing about a change from immobility to mobility in Kohnstamm reactivity, it is our hypothesis that all such conditions would have as a common factor the capacity to induce an attitude in the subject which enabled him to divorce himself temporarily from feelings of responsibility for his behavior.
They explained its absence in others on the basis of an intervention of control factors.
In contrast to this voluntary-control explanation for nonreactivity given by the Kohnstamm-positive subjects, the Kohnstamm-negative subjects offered an involuntary-control hypothesis to explain nonreactivity.
Thus, this readiness to relax controls, evidenced in the Kohnstamm situation, appears to be a more general personality factor.
It might be postulated that these subjects are unduly afraid of being wrong;
Equal proportions of children in each city were drawn from upper-lower and lower-middle class neighborhoods.
Eight classrooms in three structured schools furnished 72 cases, 36 boys and 36 girls.
The low compulsive child was one who appeared relatively unconcerned about such matters.
The question may be raised whether or not we are dealing with a common factor in anxiety and compulsivity.
All of these sub-tests involve reading except Arithmetic Computation.
A child with an I.Q. of 98 would be expected to earn an achievement test score of 3.5.
The hypothesis of there being an interaction between compulsivity and teaching method was supported, in this case, at the level.
Figure 2 is a graph of the mean achievement scores of each group.
But the symbols he is asked to learn are simple.
Analysis means the evaluation of subparts, the comparative ratings of parts, the comprehension of the meaning of isolated elements.
The president of a small firm selling restaurant products, had considerable difficulty in finding suitable salesmen for his business.
Each was told to purchase material if he felt like it.
From the point of view of the applicants, less time was wasted in being evaluated -- and they got a meal out of it as well as some insights into their performances.
Some cases in evidence of the use of roleplaying for analysis may help explain the procedure.
He did not really listen to others, had little interest in their ideas, and wanted to have his own way -- which was the only right way.
In any case, he refused to accept the implications of the analysis, that he needed to be made over.
The necessary step between diagnosis and training is acceptance of the validity of the criticisms.
The first eight of these eighteen statements, which received at least one-half of the votes, were duplicated to form an analysis checklist for the particular manager, and when this particular manager roleplayed in other situations, the members checked any items that appeared.
To use these new ways in daily life is the last step.
The reasons for extracting this particular roleplaying application from the previous discussion of training are twofold.
I thought she must be seeing me as some one who had just come from seeing her grandmother, in their distant home-city.
She clearly agreed that this had been the case.
Eventually it became clear to me, partly with the aid of another schizophrenic patient who could point out my condescension to me somewhat more directly, that this man, with his condescending, "You're welcome", was very accurately personifying an element of obnoxious condescension which had been present in my own demeanor, over these months, on each of these occasions when I had bid him good-bye with the consoling note, each time, that the healing Christ would be stooping to dispense this succor to the poor sufferer again on the morrow.
But it is true that the therapist can sense, when he hears this stereotype, that there are at this moment many emotional determinants at work in it, a blurred babel of indistinct voices which have yet to become clearly delineated from one another.
in working with these patients the therapist eventually gets to do some at least private mulling over of the possible meaning of a belch, or the passage of flatus, not only because he is reduced to this for lack of anything else to analyze, but also because he learns that even these animal-like sounds constitute forms of communication in which, from time to time, quite different things are being said, long before the patient can become sufficiently aware of these, as distinct feelings and concepts, to say them in words.
One hebephrenic women confided to me, "I live in a world of words", as if, to her, words were fully concrete objects;
We suggest the application of certain data-processing techniques as a solution to the problem.
The dictionary is a form dictionary, at least in the sense that complete forms are used as the basis for matching text occurrences with dictionary entries.
The form itself is stored in the next available cells of the W-region, beginning in cell Af.
A third situation is possible.
Hence, when the address Af is computed from Af, the cell Af and all Y-cells in its chain must be inspected to determine whether Af is already in the form list or whether it should be added to the form list and the chain.
The appropriate action for handling these forms can be taken at that time.
Only the assignment of the information cells is important.
(The address of the information cell is also supplied by the table of dictionary usage.
The latter is useful for modifying information about some or all forms of a word, hence reducing the work required to improve dictionary contents.
The dictionary system is in no way dependent upon such summarization or designed around it.
But the parallel is significant.
dominant stress will generally be on the subject a linguist;
They are likely to lose dominant stress.
But when what is new in a particular context is also fairly obvious, there is normally only light stress or no stress at all.
Often, dominant stress simply indicates a centering of attention or emotion.
Thus in Mary wrote an account of the trip first strong stress on Mary marks Mary as the first in a series of people who wrote accounts of the trip, strong stress on wrote marks the writing as the first of a series of actions of Mary's concerned with an account of her trip (about which she may later have made speeches, for example), and strong stress on trip makes the trip the first of a series of subjects about which Mary wrote accounts.
When go represents itself and a complement (being equivalent, say, to go to Martinique) in which boat did Jack go on?
It is clear that patterns of stress sometimes show construction unambiguously in the spoken language where without the help of context it would be ambiguous in the written.
In the Steiners have busy lives without visiting relatives only context can indicate whether visiting relatives is equivalent in meaning to paying visits to relatives or to relatives who are visiting them, and in I looked up the number and I looked up the chimney only the meanings of number and chimney make it clear that up is syntactically a second complement in the first sentence and a preposition followed by its object in the second.
It is obvious enough that linguists in general have been less successful in coping with tone systems than with consonants or vowels.
The second need is better field techniques.
The third need is for better theory.
This may both divert the attention of the uninitiate and cause confusion for the more knowledgeable.
Other pairs of phonologic subsystems also interact or overlap in this way;
While the phonemes can be very easily stated, no one is likely to be satisfied with the statement until phonemic occurrences can be related in some way to morphemic units, i.e. until the morphophonemics is worked out, or at least far enough that it seems reasonable to expect success.
Often, therefore, there are a number of rules having the same effect, and commonly other sets of rules as well, having the opposite effect.
This seems naive.
In the process, he develops some very significant observations about problems of a sort that are often difficult.
As a restatement it makes only a small contribution to knowledge of Igbo.
This must be considered primarily an amendment and supplement to his early A Short Description Of Item-Categories In Iraqw.
The greatest difference in the two sets of figures is due to differences in the two sets of lists used.
What we have left as reasonably comparable are four classes: (1) body parts and products, which with a proportionally nearly even representation (51 terms out of 253, 25 out of 100) come out with nearly even ratios;
If word classes differ in their resistance or liability to stem replacement within meaning slot, it is conceivable that individual meanings also differ with fair consistence trans-lingually.
.
but, second, "that the semantic groups are surprisingly unvarying in their average persistence" (as between M-K and I-E).
But consideration of the frequency of stems per constant meaning seems to be established as having significance in comparative situations with diachronic and classificatory relevance;
And irrespective of the outcome in centuries elapsed since splitting, calculations obviously carry more concordant and comparable meaning if they deal with the most stable units than with variously unstable ones.
The practical operational problem of lexicostatistics is the establishment of a basic list of items of meaning against which the particular forms or terms of languages can be matched as the medium of comparison.
He has traversed provinces and kingdoms, but he has not consolidated them behind him, nor does he control them.
8.
Poland
The White Russians and the Ukrainians would say that Stalin and Molotov were far less reliable defenders of Russia than Curzon and Clemenceau.
He would tell the Poles, he said, that they had been "given a fine place to live in, more than three hundred miles each way".
The issue was acute because the exiled Polish Government in London, supported in the main by Britain, was still competing with the new Lublin Government formed behind the Red Army.
Twice in the last thirty years our enemies, the Germans, have passed through this corridor.
In even greater degree the same rule applied to the remainder of Eastern Europe, where the upper classes had generally collaborated with the Nazis, even to the extent of sending millions of their peasants into Russia as a part of Hitler's armies.
In doing so Marshall and Byrnes were "asking for the ratification of a grim lesson in the facts of international life".
Then the editorial added prophetically: "how far they may reach in Asia is yet undetermined, but they fall far short of our dreams of the war conferences".
First is the long and still somewhat obscure process of preparation, planning and discussion.
They were stressed in the speeches of Si Mubarak Bekkai when the first Council of Ministers was formed and again when the Istiqlal took a leading role in the second Council.
In January, 1958, the Minister of the Interior announced that an election law was ready to be submitted to the King, the rumors of election dates appeared once again, first for spring of 1958 and later for the summer.
A titre personnel and a special office was created in the Ministry of the Interior to plan and to conduct the elections.
The choice of the single member district was dictated to a certain extent by problems of communication and understanding in the more remote areas of the country, but it also served to minimize the national political value of the elections.
The newer party campaigned heavily, while the older, more confident party expected the Moroccan merchants and small businessmen to support them as they had done for many years.
The sine qua non of the elections was naturally an impartial and standardized procedure.
.
The police were disqualified along with certain categories of naturalized citizens, criminals and those punished for Protectorate activities.
Annual authorizations of $15 million were added for area vocational education programs that meet national defense needs for highly skilled technicians.
During World War 2, about 7.5 million persons were enrolled in courses organized under two special programs administered by state and local school authorities: (1) Vocational Education for National Defense, and (2) War Production Training.
Employers prefer to hire youth with such training rather than those without, and most graduates of vocational training go to work in jobs related to their training.
but sometimes arrangements also are made for high school students to attend, and evening extension courses also may be conducted.
The existence of a public school vocational training program in trade and industry provides a base from which such needs can be filled.
Furthermore, there is a cautious conservatism on the part of those making local skill surveys.
Proposals
Local school districts are hard pressed financially and unenthusiastic about vocational training.
A maximum of $600 per year per student would enable many to take training away from home.
The very idea of there being "count rules" implies that there is some sort of proportion to be expected between the amount of congestive activity and the extent of the breakaway (run up or run down) movement.
The quest for methods
Much of this goes on in offices high up in Wall Street's lofty wind-swept towers.
In the stock market, the normal trading package is a hundred shares, just as 5,000 bushels is the standard grain contract package.
The data is now interpreted in conjunction with a price chart, usually of a popular stock average.
Does the "public" usually sell at bottoms, or does the market usually bottom out when the "public" sells?
Strong hands move first;
not before.
Mr. John Magee, whose work has been discussed in this chapter, was quoted in a New Yorker Magazine profile as saying: "Of course, you have to remember it's a good thing for us chartists that there aren't more of us.
the hoaxes
The rate of plant and equipment spending by business and industry now seems to be topping out and facing some decline.
It suggests that during the next several months, through the spring of 1961, the demand for long-term capital funds may be moderately lower and that interest rates may tend to move a little lower, especially the rates on Federal, state, and local bonds, as well as those on publicly offered corporate bonds.
However, to the extent that the monetary authorities, in their effort to ease credit in the next several months, conduct their open market operations in longer-term Government bonds, they will certainly act to accentuate any tendency for long-term interest rates to ease as a result of market forces.
Our efforts to overcome the lead of the Russians in space are bound to mean accelerated Federal spending.
The average annual rate of 1,083,000 in the second half of the Sixties is still considerably below the annual rate of 1,525,000 in the three-year period from April 1947 to March 1950.
In a more pessimistic vein about the economic outlook, I suspect that the reservoir of demand for consumer goods and housing which was dammed-up during the Thirties and World War 2, is finally in the process of running dry.
Sixties'capital requirements
For expository purposes, this is best treated as a model which spells out the conditions under which an important industry affected with the public interest would find it profitable to raise wages even in the absence of union pressures for higher wages.
Price competition is lacking.
)
In this model, we abstract from all non-wage sources of cost changes, so that the "public-limit price" only rises as the wage rate rises.
As a strike continues, these parties increase their pressure on the industry to reach an agreement.
Industry costs
For our present purposes we assume that the sole subject of bargaining is the basic wage rate (not including productivity improvement factors or cost-of-living adjustments), and it is this basic wage rate which determines the level of costs.
The presumption in the literature would appear to be that the basic wage rate would be unchanged in this case, on the grounds that it is "clearly" not in the interest of the industry to raise wages gratuitously.
Thus the Congress marks a formal recognition of the political system that was central to world politics for a century.
A nation such as Switzerland could be neutralized by agreement and could be relied upon to protect its neutrality;
Hall, for example, was quite explicit on this point when he said states outside European civilization must formally enter into the circle of law-governed countries.
his search was merely for rules that might limit his freedom of action.
he made it;
First was the period of codification of existing law: the Code Napoleon in France and the peculiar codification that, in fact, resulted from Austin's restatement and ordering of the Common Law in England.
However, the sovereign was not Hobbes'absolute monarch but rather the parliamentary sovereign of Austin.
that business be free from governmental supervision and notions of morality which might clog the automatic adjustments of the free market;
The displacement (at least to a considerable extent) of the ethical jurisprudence of the seventeenth and eighteenth centuries by positivism reshaped both international law theory and doctrine.
Federal question jurisdiction
In 1913 an abortive provision was made for the stay of federal injunction proceedings upon institution of state court test cases.
On review the Supreme Court, via Mr. Justice Frankfurter, found southern racial problems "a sensitive area of social policy on which the federal courts ought not to enter unless no alternative to adjudication is open".
The Court held that federal jurisdiction should not be exercised lest the domestic policy of the state be obstructed;
How can judges exercise jurisdiction to enforce national rights when Congress has created none?
It would also leave intact the states'traditional authority in the realm of contract law.
Obviously, the goal here proposed is the guiding principle in Mr. Justice Frankfurter's opinions -- to the extent that Congress leaves the problem to judicial discretion.
It would also probably mean different things within the same state -- depending upon what court (state or federal) rendered decision.
Here, as in the Byrd case, another element of state procedure was subsumed to federal judge-made law.
Though the accused raised many other objections, he did not object on this crucial point at any stage of the proceedings.
It is not contended that section 381 should prescribe the survival of all of the transferor's tax attributes.
Neither reason, said the Court, applied to the case at hand;
The transaction presumably would have qualified under section 368(a)(1) as a contractual reorganization, followed by a section 332 liquidation, but not under section 368(a)(1) as a statutory merger of consolidation.
A recent Ruling, although rather confusing, cites and follows Rev. Rul. 54-17.
In virtually every case the transferor corporation is liquidated, and its former stockholders either own outright, or have a continuing stock interest in, the assets which gave rise to the tax.
Other tax attributes of the transferor
There may be certain items which are quite similar to a net operating loss carryover or operating deficit and whose right to survive a reorganization should perhaps be subject to the conditions applicable to those items.
A.
There is also the problem of the respondent's frame of reference.
(2) the actual selling and buying practices of the respondents;
Respondents'preferences regarding the methods of awarding defense contracts (Part G of the questionnaire)
The research team was concerned that responses from firms in the state of Washington might not be typical of those throughout the country, or that the results might be different when no phone or personal follow-up was made.
Compilation of mailing lists
The forty-four lists supplied by the AIA member companies were merged and duplicate names were eliminated.
Accordingly, as "in-group", they might have different opinions and practices than an "out-group" composed of those companies not so participating but interested in defense business.
Airmail was used for the addresses outside the Pacific Northwest.
Fifty-seven returns could not be used because they were incomplete or received too late to be processed.
The first step in processing was to analyze the returns from Questions 1, 2, and 3 to determine whether the respondents were large businesses or small businesses, in accordance with the definitions contained in ASPR Section 1-701.
The contestants in this economic struggle are the Agricultural Workers Organizing Committee (AWOC) of the AFL-CIO and the agricultural employers of the State.
They were inadequately financed, without experienced leadership, and lacked the general support of organized labor as a whole.
Normally, because agricultural labor is not covered by unemployment insurance, we would not expect any issues to arise regarding benefit payments under the trade dispute provision of the Unemployment Insurance Code, although such a situation is quite within the realm of possibility.
The pertinent regulation for our purposes is Section 602.2 (,), as follows:
So far, no troublesome cases have arisen under this provision.
The court issued a temporary restraining order, directing us to resume referrals.
First, let us examine briefly some of the legal considerations involved.
Further, and as an evidence of legislative intent only, the Senate of the United States recently defeated by a substantial majority the "Holland Amendment" to the Fair Labor Standards Act, which would have specifically limited the regulatory authority of the Secretary in these matters.
Thus far, the cases which have come before the courts have involved only the issue of referral where the job is vacant due to a strike -- condition (1) in the Regulation of the Secretary.
After they have developed concepts, they are free from the necessity of manipulating objects;
A considerable amount of evidence exists to show that an unhappy and insecure child is not likely to do well in school subjects.
Studies of the growth and decline of children's fears indicate that fears due to strange objects, noises, falling, and unexpected movement decline during the preschool years, but that fears of the dark, of being alone, and of imaginary creatures or robbers increase.
Among infants the patterns of emotional responses are similar;
In late childhood the influence of the group on the social behavior of the child continues to increase;
those who feel inferior or insecure engage in these activities more than do well-adjusted children.
However, as we have seen, in later childhood the child begins to substitute the standards of the peer group for those of parents and teachers.
These children have been described as those who were trying to say something to adults who did not understand.
One study, which involved 1,524 pupils in grades one to six, found that 12 percent of the pupils were seriously maladjusted and that 23 percent were reading a year below capacity.
Unwholesome family relations, broken homes, and undesirable community influences may also be contributing factors.
He can be expected, however, to examine and interpret the information already available;
Only the teacher and other professional personnel are permitted to see or use these records.
Desegregation has been opposed by massive resistance, interposition, pupil assignment (with no assignments of Negro children), and hate bombings.
In West Virginia the number of white and Negro children attending the same school has increased almost twofold.
This recapitulation makes it clear that school desegregation continues, including the Old Dominion State, in spite of its stern resistance.
The Capitol Hill rehabilitation, like Foggy Bottom, replaces Negroes with whites (but also replaces some whites with other whites).
I believe we all want no child denied admission to a school on account of his color.
not whether it should be done.
Since on the one hand school desegregation has come in Virginia hand-in-glove with pupil assignment, shall we support the plan?
Or should we argue that if we want adjustment of children to children of different races and that that is impossible in an all-something-or-the-other school, we must at least provide him some opportunity to adjust to people of another race within the school -- namely, to a teacher of another race.
Even though in civil rights legislation in 1957 and 1960 the provision for the Attorney General to act was eliminated, should we nevertheless support such a clause?
Required public education.
Issue no. 6.
A hypothetical issue of this sort might deal with the establishment of a free public junior college in a community where there already was a good private college which served the middle-class youth adequately but was too expensive for working-class youth.
Thus, the white middle and lower classes are arrayed against the Negro middle and lower classes.
For instance, in giving school grades or in making recommendations for the award of a college scholarship, does he consciously or unconsciously favor students of one or another social class?
This does not necessarily mean that such teachers will favor vocational education, as contrasted with liberal education, but they are likely to favor an approach to liberal education which has a maximal vocational-advancement value, as against a kind of "pure" liberal education that is not designed to help people get better jobs.
However, there are relatively few such political constituencies, and, as has been pointed out, there is seldom a clear-cut distinction between the educational interests of one social class and those of another.
Which recommended a federal government scholarship program.
They may be unaware of the existence of lower-class values and consequently fail to take them into account.
The broad expansion of free education results both in raising the average economic and cultural level of the society and in promoting fluidity within the social structure.
One such disagreement, which will receive attention in this next chapter, concerns the question whether rates for different kinds of service, in order to avoid the attribute of discrimination, must be made directly proportional to marginal costs, or whether they should be based instead on differences in marginal costs.
The variable costs alone are assigned to the different units of freight traffic as representing "long-run out-of-pocket costs" -- a term with a meaning here not distinctly different from that of the economist's "long-run marginal costs".
The single-step type
and these costs must somehow be apportioned among the various classes and then must somehow be reapportioned among the units of service in order to report unit costs that can serve as tentative measures of reasonable rates.
There are obvious reasons of convenience for this practice of excluding "cost of capital" from the direct apportionment of annual costs among the different classes of service -- notably, the avoidance of the controversial question what rate of return should be held to constitute "cost of capital" or "fair rate of return".
indeed, that it would be limited to a finding of the total annual operating and capital costs of the business, followed by a calculation of this total in terms of annual cost per kilowatt-hour of consumption.
costs actually vary in much more complex ways.
But what is the operational worth of a sociology which mimetically reproduces the idea of physical models?
(cf. Brodbeck, 1959:
) Functionalism as a sociological credo is, therefore, not a direct consequence of observations, but rather an indirect consequence of philosophical inference and judgment.
Pt. 2, Ch. 5;
What is left to traditional systems of philosophy is, in effect, only the history of these fields prior to their becoming rigorous enough to abide by the canons of scientific method.
However, modesty and triviality are different qualities.
For some forms of philosophy, this very division between the empirical and the rational becomes a sign of the metaphysical superiority of the latter.
) Scientific systems, and this includes even the relation of mechanist to relativist physics, are built upon, refined and corrected.
What then is the status of such questions as: is society the ground of human existence or a means to an individual goal?
To raise the added objection that men require certainty on psychological grounds, answers to ultimate questions having an irrational rather than scientific basis, is in a real sense to undermine the objection itself.
To find a place for them in their theory of knowledge would require them to revise the theory radically, and yet that theory was what they regarded as their most important discovery.
I shall argue that we do mean to do just that.
Consider what follows from the positivist view.
Indeed, we should say, on the contrary, that the accident of our later discovery made no difference whatever to the badness of the animal's pain, that it would have been every whit as bad whether a chance passer-by happened later to discover the body and feel repugnance or not.
And our question is, is such an implication consistent with what we meant?
The pain in itself was neutral;
In these circumstances, since what was expressed by the remark when first made is, on the theory before us, simply absent, the remark now expresses nothing.
But that is not exactly my point.
There is therefore nothing about them to which an attitude of approval or condemnation could be fitting.
it would needlessly bring badness into the world;
We do not arrive at spatial images by means of the sense of touch by itself.
We shall consider these in the inverse order of their presentation.
that is, he was unaware what kind of objects they were or what their use was.
He could not see objects as unified, self-contained, and organized figures, as a person does with normal vision.
The patient himself denied that he had any visual imagery at all;
Then he might finally recognize it, apparently by combining the visual blot, actually being seen, with tactual feelings in the head or body accompanying the tracing movements.
If the patient can perceive figure kinesthetically when he cannot perceive it visually, then, it would seem, the sense of touch has immediate contact with the spatial aspects of things in independence of visual representations, at least in regard to two dimensions, and, as we shall see, even this much spatial awareness on the part of unaided touch is denied by the authors.
Their world, again, was a still simple, traditional age which was only slowly beginning to appreciate the complexity of life.
The general intellectual outlook which had appeared in the eleventh century was now consolidated to a significant degree.
One can take a vase of about 800 B.C. and, without any knowledge of its place of origin, venture to assign it to a specific area;
Many aspects of civilization were not yet sufficiently crystallized to find expression, nor could the simple economic and social foundations of this world support a lofty structure.
the landscape of Greek history broadens widely, and rather abruptly, in the eighth century B.C., the age of Homer's "rosy-fingered Dawn".
but both were among the last products of a phase which was ending.
Not all men of the period would have accepted this emphasis.
Dipylon pottery
By 800 social and cultural security had been achieved, at least on a simple plane;
As the material at the command of the potters grew and the volume of their production increased, the local variations within a common style became more evident.
On February 17, Russell and Cook were sent to the Pena Flor community on the Vermejo to see about renting out ranches the company had purchased.
As they were riding along this winding road on the bench of land between the two bluffs, a volley of rifle fire suddenly crashed around the two officers.
A bullet fired by one of the Mexicans hiding in a little chicken house had passed through his head, tearing a hole two-inches square on the outgoing side.
some buildings, farm tools, two horses, plows, and hay owned by Bonito Lavato, a friendly interpreter for the company, and Pedro Chavez'hay were stolen or destroyed;
The judge became ill just as the Colfax District Court convened, no substitute was brought in, no criminal cases heard, only 5 out of 122 cases docketed were tried, and court adjourned sine die after sitting a few days instead of the usual three weeks.
Still there was no Gonzales and the family would say nothing.
Not realizing the seriousness of the wound, the besiegers warned that if he did not surrender the house would be burned down around him.
Occasionally they heard gun-shot signals and a number of horsemen were sighted on the hills, disappearing at the posse's approach.
It has given considerable trouble at times and empties right into the Battenkill.
The final step was a vote for a $230,000 bond issue for the construction of a sewage system by the 1959 town meeting, later confirmed by a two-thirds vote at a special town meeting June 21, 1960.
Orvis even needed to hire an assistant, Clark J. Wait.
By 1883 the "Battenkill Telegraph Company" was in existence and Alvin Pettibone was its president.
From 1896 until 1910 John H. Whipple was manager of Western Union at the Center in the drugstore he purchased from Clark Wait.
During summers, business was so brisk that Mrs. Wilcox had two assistants and a messenger.
A small single switchboard was installed in the Village over Woodcock's hardware store (later E. H. Hemenway's).
Another veteran telephone operator was Edith Fleming Blackmer, who had been in the office forty years at the time of her death in 1960.
This was working by the end of August and giving satisfactory service.
and William F. Orvis, secretary.
First, it appears to be based on the fact that on its title page Utopia is described as "festivus", "gay".
It was not even in writing Latin epigrams, sometimes bawdy ones, or in translating Lucian from Greek into Latin or in defending the study of Greek against the attack of conservative academics, or in attacking the conservative theologians who opposed Erasmus's philological study of the New Testament.
To others whose concern it is to penetrate the significance of Christian Humanism, the Renaissance elements are of primary concern.
We find it in that "common way of life pleasing to Christ and still in use among the truest societies of Christians", that is, the better monasteries which made it easier to convert the Utopians to Christianity.
Its function is to separate from the base ruled mass, among whom private ownership prevails, the governing warrior elite.
And the monastic communities were supposed to be made up of volunteers selected only after a novitiate which would test their religious aptitude for monastic rigors, their spiritual athleticism.
He is a trustee for the common good, however feeble the safeguards which the positive or municipal law of property provides against his misuse of that share of the common fund, wisely or unwisely, entrusted to his keeping.
most of the rest is medieval or humanist or part of an old tradition of social criticism.
no private property, no money;
Editor Foss stated, "Of their guilt there can be no doubt but they are entitled to sufficient time to prepare for trial, and a fair trial".
Concerning the sentence the editor asked, "What else can Virginia do than to hang the men who have defied her laws, organized treason, and butchered her citizens".
The American Republicans and the Republicans both nominated Lieutenant-Governor Turner for governor.
The Warren Telegraph stated that many of Rev. Trafton's remarks were inappropriate and savored strongly of radicalism and fanaticism.
A week later the Daily Journal had discovered the initial plans of some Providence citizens to hold a meeting honoring John Brown on the day of his execution.
Seated on the platform were Amos C. Barstow, ex-mayor of Providence and a wealthy Republican stove manufacturer;
Although admitting Brown's guilt on legal grounds, Day said that, "Brown is no common criminal;
At the close of Davis'speech the following preamble and resolutions were read by the president, and on the question of their adoption passed unanimously:
To reinforce, and sometimes to replace, the simulated typography, Braque and Picasso began to mix sand and other foreign substances with their paint;
But it is also true that Braque was the consistent pioneer in the use of simulated textures as well as of typography;
The actual surface becomes both ground and background, and it turns out -- suddenly and paradoxically -- that the only place left for a three-dimensional illusion is in front of, upon, the surface.
And the same thing, more or less, can be said of the contents of Picasso's first collage.
In the Analytical phase of their Cubism, Braque and Picasso had not only had to minimize three-dimensionality simply in order to preserve it;
(This provides whatever real justification there is for the talk about "reality".
Only when the collage had been exhaustively translated into oil, and transformed by this translation, did Cubism become an affair of positive color and flat, interlocking silhouettes whose legibility and placement created allusions to, if not the illusion of, unmistakable three-dimensional identities.
) And without high density in the core, rapid-transit systems cannot be maintained economically, let alone built from scratch at today's prices.
City planners do not always use this boundary as effectively as they might.
The truck and the car gave the manufacturer a new degree of freedom in selecting his plant site.
The plants along Route 128 are mostly well designed and nicely set against the New England rocks and trees.
Some retailing, of course, always spreads with the population -- grocery stores, drugstores, local haberdasheries and dress shops, candy stores and the like.
In many cases that statement -- "We break even on our downtown operation and make money on our branches" -- would be turned around if the cost analysis were recalculated on terms less prejudicial to the old store.
And if the affection for the suburban branch reflects a desire to shop with "nice people", rather than with the indiscriminate urban mass which supports the downtown department store, the central location may be in serious trouble.
Only a radical change in the nature of the population in the central city would be likely to destroy this preference -- and we must now turn our attention to the question of whether such a change, gloomily foreseen by so many urban diagnosticians, is actually upon us.
But it is a great conception.
Later the cleaning and restoration were ordered, first of the older part of the frieze, finally of the canopy.
When it was all arranged to fit, and not to interrupt the lengthwise flow of movement in the frieze, the cartoons were tried in place.
That is, they used opaque color throughout, getting solid highlights with active lime white.
It was obvious that to match Brumidi, white must be mixed with all but the darkest tones.
We made it by Doerner's recipe, five parts thoroughly washed cheese curd to one of lime putty;
Whosever fault, it is evident that Brumidi intended to fill out the whole frieze with his "histories" and come full circle with the scene of the discovery of California gold.
A most useful tool for wetting the surface without running down was made from a greenhouse "mist spray" nozzle welded to a hose connection, to be used at low water pressure.
We were greatly helped by there being no traces of former restoring.
This letter might not have been necessary had our efforts to meet and talk with you been more successful.
Nevertheless I consider it reasonable, because of my commitment as an artist, to assume that the rights and responsibilities of creative individuals are related to humanity as a whole rather than to specific geo-political interests.
the aggressive disbelief of those who are romantically lost in a semantic jungle of the word "Revolution";
The grave, about half-way between his home and the blue turrets of a small church, rose above the forms and spaces of gently undisciplined pastures of green, the sounds of birds, the silence of other graves and the casual paths through small forests.
When I speculated on one such occasion that the new growth, like other mutations, might be unable to propagate, I was immediately accused of preaching racial prejudice.
The terms of friendship, understanding, cooperation, etc., tend to become somewhat shopworn because of constant and indiscriminate use.
We were to discover, in fact, that quite a number of people share with us the impression that, in contrast to other Soviet regions, Moscow's atmosphere is depressingly subdued and official.
In spite of the relatively short period of time that we have experienced among you, we have already seen many indications of your character and spirit.
To many of us, this is a land to which we or our parents fled from totalitarian terror in order to live in dignified freedom.
The thing can be made to look like the cluttered attic of a large and vigorous family -- a motley jumble of discarded objects, some outworn and some that were never useful, some once whole and bright but now chipped and tarnished, some odd pieces whose history no one remembers, here and there a gem, everything fascinating because it suggests some part of the human condition -- the whole adding up to nothing more than a glimpse into the disorderly history of the makers and users.
Despite its rather long intellectual history, alienation is still a promising hypothesis and not a verified theory.
I am saying only that until a fuller and different kind of evidence comes in, any discussion of alienation must be understood to have certain important limitations.
For example, he cites the following data from two studies on job satisfaction: in the first study, 85 per cent of professionals and executives, 64 per cent of white collar people, and 41 per cent of factory workers expressed satisfaction with their jobs;
Or, he might remind Fromm that the 41 per cent figure is really astonishingly low: after all, the medieval guild system was dedicated to the proposition that 100 per cent of the workers ought to turn out only the average amount;
It also permits Fromm to do some dubious things with empirical findings.
The final example of the failure to use available evidence, though evidence of a different kind from that which has so far been considered, comes from Fromm's treatment of some other writers who have dealt with the same themes.
Furthermore, the list is interesting for its omissions.
If one characteristic distinguishes Boris Godunov, it is the consistency with which every person on the stage -- including the chorus -- comes alive in the music.
Even those who appear in only one or two scenes are full personalities, defined with economical precision.
Once he has been identified, however, a new melody is used to accompany his narrative, a bleak motif with barren octaves creating a rather ancient effect:
Missail is the straight man, not very talkative, mild-mannered when he does speak.
As the knack gradually comes back to him, his rhythm becomes steadier, with the rigid monotony of an unskilled reader.
He speaks quietly, concealing his authority beneath a smooth humility, just as the shifting harmonies that accompany him all but hide the firm pedal point beneath them.
Now Rangoni comes to the point, and we hear, for the first time, a long, downward chromatic scale that will become the characteristic motif of his sinister power.
The combined threat of hell-fire and ugliness is too much for her, and she falls terrified at his feet.
One reason for the unique vitality of the chorus is its great variety in expression.
"Hey, Mityukh", asks one group, "what are we shouting about"?
this final reminder of his guilt is the fatal one.
(Mussorgsky cleverly contrasts the two groups by their orchestral accompaniment, solemn chords or mocking staccatos.
the "sober opinion" of his letter to Noyes, written when Hardy was eighty years old, is essentially that of his first "philosophical" notebook entry, made when he was twenty-five: "The world does not despise us: it only neglects us" (Early Life, p. 63).
These dates are virtually the only clues we have to the chronology of the poems, since the separate volumes are neither chronological within themselves nor in relation to each other.
the former contains no poem dated before 1909 - 10 -- that is, no poem from a period covered by a previous volume -- and the latter has only a few such.
There are more poems dated in the 1890's than in the'80's -- Hardy had apparently resumed the viewless wings as he decreased the volume of his fiction -- but none in 1891, the year of Tess, and only one in 1895, the year of Jude.
We can see the general characteristics of the earlier decade if we look at two poems of very different qualities: "Revulsion" (1866) and "Neutral Tones" (1867).
There are many such competently anonymous performances among the earlier poems.
the poem offers nothing to persuade us of the speaker's right to speak as he does.
The view is always toward the past;
Both of them were my friends.
It had assumed the terrifying inertia of inanimate matter.
This, of course, is the theme of much art -- perhaps most poetry.
Dylan Thomas's verse had to find endurance in a world of burning cities and burning Jews.
The tonal novelties consist in the introduction of a few chords used in classical music for centuries.
Thomas's ellipses and ambiguities are ends in themselves.
The insistent talk-aboutiveness of the general environment obtrudes into even the most idyllic poetry.
Confabulation has come to determine structure.
The point is that many of the most impressive developments in the arts nowadays are aberrant, idiosyncratic.
Many of the post-World War 2, abstract expressionists, apostles of the discipline of spontaneity and hazard, look alike, and do look like accidents.
A Pollock is an object of art -- bijouterie -- disguised only by its great size.
Nothing in all this is autobiographical: unlike the poets of Deor and Widsith, the poet of Beowulf is not concerned with his own identity;
The Anglo-Saxon alliterative line and the Homeric hexameter probably imposed less of a restraint;
Other synonyms could of course serve the same function, and for the sake of ease I shall speak of kennings and epithets in the widest and loosest possible sense, and name, for example, Gar-Dene a kenning for the Danes.
To the extent that a tale is twice told, its final author must be suspect, although plagiarism in an oral tradition is less a misdemeanor than the standard modus dicendi.
Yet, if the argument is turned awry, there may be found a great deal in Bryan's view, after all.
Even when defenseless of weapons the Danes would be Gar-Dene (as their king is Hrothgar) and Priam would be EUMMELIHS.
Albert B. Lord suggests that the Homeric poems were dictated to a scribe by a minstrel who held in his mind the poems fully matured but did not himself possess the knowledge of writing since it would be useless to his guild, and Magoun argues that the Beowulf poet and Cynewulf may have dictated their verse in the same fashion.
there is no reason to think that the scop used and re-used whole lines and even lengthy passages after the manner of his Homeric colleague.
He knew instinctively that next to voice and face an actor's hands are his most useful possession -- that in fiction as in the theatre, gesture is an indispensable shorthand for individualizing character and dramatizing action and response.
We have only to think of Lady Macbeth or the policeman-murderer in Thomas Burke's famous story, "The Hands Of Mr. Ottermole", to realize that hands often call up ideas of crime and punishment.
Dickens, for excellent psychological reasons, never fully reveals Magwitch's felonious past, but Pip, at the convict's climactic reappearance in London, shrinks from clasping a hand which he fears "might be stained with blood".
Finally, Magwitch's pursuit of Compeyson, his archenemy and betrayer, begins by his holding him in a vicelike grip on the river flats to frustrate his escape and culminates in his "laying his hand on his cloak to identify him", thus precipitating the death-locked struggle in the water during which Compeyson drowns.
Pip's abject leave-taking of Miss Havisham, during which he kneels to kiss her hand, signalizes his homage to a supposed patroness who seems to be opening up for him a new world of glamour;
Pip first learns "the stupendous power of money" from the sycophantic tailor, Mr. Trabb, whose brutality to his boy helper exactly matches the financial resource of each new customer, and whose fawning hands touch "the outside of each elbow" and "rub" Pip out of the shop.
The operand need not extend across the entire operand column of either the header card or continuation cards but may end with the comma following any parameter.
The initial setting of this table may be altered, however, as described in the 7070/7074 Data Processing System Bulletin "IBM 7070/7074 Compiler System: Operating Procedure", form Aj.
any such reference will make the index word or electronic switch unavailable at the end of this pass.
3.
If the symbolic name or actual address of an index word or electronic switch appears or is included in the operand of an XRELEASE or SRELEASE statement (see page 101), the specified index word or electronic switch will again be made available, regardless of the method by which it was reserved.
Otherwise, special care must be taken to branch around them so that the program will not attempt to execute something in a data area as an instruction.
In some cases, it may be more advantageous to assign locations to RDWS associated with DA and DC areas in some other part of storage, i.e., not immediately preceding the DA or DC areas.
The declarative statement EQU permits the programmer to equate symbolic names to actual index words, electronic switches, arm and file numbers, tape channel and unit numbers, alteration switches, etc., and to equate a symbol to another symbol or to an actual address.
When the Input/Output Control System is to be used in a program, a DIOCS statement must be used to select the major methods of processing to be used.
The second item in the operand, IOCSIXG, is used to specify the second IOCS index word for programs using tape files.
.
The oxidation pond has a surface area of 4.77 acres and a depth of 4 Aj.
The pilot plant was a circular lagoon 81 ft in diam at the surface and 65 ft in diam at the bottom, 4 ft below the surface, with a volume of 121,000 Aj.
The raw sewage was introduced directly under the turbine aerator to insure maximum mixing of the raw sewage with the aeration tank contents.
Efforts were made to take the grab samples at random periods so that the mass of data could be treated as a 6-hr. composite sample.
The slippage of the drive belts caused the aerator to slow down and reduce oxygen transfer as well as the mixing of the raw sewage.
A skimming device at the effluent weir prevented loss of most of these light solids.
This low BOD was due to removal of the excess suspended solids by sedimentation since the only dilution was surface runoff which was very low during this study.
When the temperature reached 32-degrees-F all protozoan activity ceased;
The added resistance to the rotor damaged the drive belts and reduced the oxygen transfer capacity.
Shortly after this study ended septic conditions resulted which required the addition of sodium nitrate.
When the algae began to build up again, the effluent BOD rose.
A sixth element, not always considered, is intelligence.
Each seems to strive for elimination of the necessity for the others.
A unified concept can serve as a guide to budgeting and, if public support is gained, will command Congressional support.
Other countries which may willingly or unwillingly become Communist can furnish bases.
It is a war of attrition, of single actions, of an exchange of losses.
No element can accomplish the total objective of submarine defense.
The world is constantly changing;
Consequently, the system giving area coverage (if such coverage is less than world wide) must be flexible and hence at least partially mobile.
Therefore, improved intelligence will result in reduced force requirements and, as it supports all other elements, rates a top priority.
Progress in predicting water conditions is encouraging, but little guidance is available to the man at sea on the use of such information.
Effective employment will reduce force requirements.
Such systems are expensive and are oriented geographically.
Thirty-five of the 36 carbon atoms arise from Aj.
One of the most interesting findings was the extreme sensitivity of plasma arylesterases to rare earth ions.
(R. V. Rice)
and enzymes which terminate the action of peptides such as bradykinin and perhaps Substance Z were studied.
By strengthening the differentiability assumption, it has been possible to derive second and higher order theories of viscoelasticity.
-- The results of microanalysis of tektites (natural glasses of unknown origin) for gallium and germanium have shown that these glasses are probably produced from terrestrial (or less likely from lunar) matter by impact of a celestial body.
Most of the impact energy is spent in crushing and fragmentation.
(Lauri Vaska, E. M. Sloane, J. W. DiLuzio) In the absence of direct evidence to the contrary, decomposition of solvent alcohol and coordination of its fragments to the metal were not considered, following the above heretofore-accepted assumption in preparative coordination chemistry.
elasticity of macromolecular networks
(C. A. J. Hoeve, A. A. Blumberg) crystallization in polymers and copolymers
The contraction therefore partakes of the character of a phase transition.
Organization:
Substances:
Criticality:
The data are presented in lists and tables.
Volume 2, in three parts, in 1956.
Coeditors are J.D.H. Donnay, G. E. Cox of Leeds University, and Olga Kennard of the National Council for Medical Research, London.
Sources of data:
Currency:
Publication and distribution:
Elements, inorganic and organic compounds (no alloys).
The terminology used conforms to that of Internationale Tabellen Zur Bestimmung Von Kristallstrukturen.
Inorganic structures are found in Chapters 2 - 12, organic structures in Chapters 13 - 15.
Six editions of James Dwight Dana's System appeared between 1837 and 1892.
Besides the editors there were many contributors in the United States and Great Britain to Volumes 1, and 2.
Sources of data:
Currency in the usual sense cannot be maintained in an undertaking of this sort.
) The two volumes are available from the publisher for $14.00 and $16.00, respectively.
Substances:
However, the proposed correlation of the many interrelated properties of crystals will reveal discrepancies in the recorded data and suggest areas for reinvestigation.
An early hope that irradiation might be the ultimate answer to practically all food preservation problems was soon dispelled.
The presence of parasitic organisms such as Trichinella spiralis in pork introduces another factor which must be dealt with in food processing.
Because of undesirable flavors, odors, colors, and generally low palatability associated with radiation treatment of this magnitude, the inactivation of enzymes is best accomplished prior to irradiation by the conventional heat-processing methods of blanching.
4.
Selection of a source for commercial irradiation would involve consideration of numerous factors including required dose rate, load factor, throughput, convenience, safety, and most important, costs.
Such projections, however, appear highly speculative and the capacities involved are far beyond those foreseen for food-preservation facilities.
Radiopasteurization, which produces fewer adverse sensory changes in food products, has potential usefulness in prolonging the keeping qualities of fresh and refrigerated food items.
Partly because low-level heat treatment is needed to inactivate enzymes before radiosterilization, treated fresh meats have the appearance of boiled or canned meat.
The problems of color change by blanching and liquid accumulation within the package are the same as for solid cuts.
(2)
Seafood
Hesiometer results have been found to compare excellently with manual knife scratching tests.
If the force required to remove the coatings is plotted against film thickness, a graph as illustrated schematically in Fig. 5 may characteristically result.
It was found that the coating is separated from its substrate entirely by cohesive failure.
**yc is the rake angle of the knife;
**yf can readily be determined by measuring the thickness of the coating before and after cutting from the substrate;
Because the rake angle Af at the tip of the knife is very much smaller (or even negative) when compared to the value of **yc for the major portion of the knife, a very rapid increase in cutting force with thickness will result.
Under equilibrium conditions of cutting the chip exerts a thrust Af against the knife which tends to push it into the substrate or lift it away from the substrate depending on the vector direction of Af.
Although a large number of coatings systems, particularly at low thicknesses fail cohesively by the cutting mechanism, frequently a second type of cohesive failure may also take place.
Merchant has found that the same basic relationships which describe the geometry and force systems in the case of the cutting mechanism can also be applied to the discontinuous chip formation provided the proper values of instantaneous shear angle and instantaneous chip thickness or cross-sectional area are used.
As this issue goes to press, for example, one manufacturer has announced an epoxy foam with outstanding buoyancy and impact strength;
New techniques for automatic molding of expandable styrene beads have helped boost that particular material into a number of new consumer applications, including picnic chests, beverage coolers, flower pots, and flotation-type swimming toys.
Present estimates are that production topped the 100-million-lb. mark in 1960 (85 to 90 million lb. for flexible, 10 or 11 million lb. for rigid);
Originally, the main types used were various compositions of polyesters.
The foaming can be accomplished at some future time at a different location by the addition of the correct proportion of catalyst in solution.
Thermal conductivity and temperature resistance:
Note that flexural strength is not always improved by simply increasing the density, nor is the change always proportional from one formulation to another.
Slab stock is still one of the most important forms of urethane end-product in use today.
Molding
Other techniques
This operation requires from 10 to 12 minutes.
Purpose and scope
Principle
The wash wheel rotates at a speed of 30 revolutions per minute, making five to ten revolutions before reversing.
Dryer -- dryer of the rotary tumble type, having a cylindrical basket approximately 30 inches in diameter and 24 inches in length and rotating at approximately 35 r.p.m.
Flatiron, electric -- approximately 3 lb.
The tensioning members have a common drive so that the application of restorative force takes place simultaneously in all directions in the plane of the test specimen.
Therefore, it is recommended that in such cases the sample be replaced, or if used, the results of dimensional change or dimensional restorability tests be considered as indicative only.
Woven or warp knitted fabrics to be subjected to restorative procedure 1 (tension presser).
Critical measurements in length and width directions should be taken before and after washing, drying, and restorative procedures.
Test 1,
When this water level has been reached, inject steam until the temperature is that shown in Column Aj.
Channel-type, secondary emission image intensifier, (C)
However, electrostatic focus, important for many applications, has not been realized for these devices.
It is felt that fiber-coupled double- (and multi-) stage image intensifiers will gain considerable importance in the future.
The electron optical system (see fig. 14-1) is based in principle on the focusing action of concentric spherical cathode and anode surfaces.
The photocathode sensitivities S, phosphor efficiencies P, and anode potentials V of the individual stages shall be distinguished by means of subscripts 1, and 2, in the text, where required.
Such cases are not considered here.
The numerical aperture of the fibers is given by: Af where Af.
It might be anticipated that multiple coatings will reduce end reflection losses even further.
The cladding thickness is about 0.5 M, hence, Af and Af.
We have evaluated the "matching integrals" for two types of photocathodes (S-11 and S-20) and three types of light input.
The luminous gain of the discussed tube was calculated from Eq. (6) for the 16 possible combinations of S-11 and S-20 photocathodes and P-11 and P-20 phosphor screens, for night light and P-20 light input.
The inherent resolution of a cathodoluminescent phosphor screen decreases with increasingly aggregate thickness (with increasing anode voltage), decreases with decreasing porosity (thus the advantage of cathodophoretic phosphor deposition) and might be impaired by the normally used aluminum mirror.
The specification of the operating variables and the transformation they effect;
Moreover, by systematically varying the operating conditions in the first stage and always using the optimal Af-stage policy for the remaining stages, we shall eventually find the optimal policy for all R stages.
But even more important than this is the fact that the direct search by simultaneously varying all operating conditions has produced only one optimal policy, namely, that for the given feed state and R stages.
This is the principle which we will invoke in every case to set up a functional equation.
This transformation is uniquely determined by Af and we therefore speak of the process as deterministic.
When it is necessary to be specific we say that the optimal policy is an optimal R-stage policy with respect to the feed state Af.
A table or set of tables may be set out as in Table 2.1.
If Af denotes the net profit from stage R and Af, then the principle of optimality gives Af.
If we consider a process in which the outcome of one stage is known before passage to the next, then the principle of optimality shows that the policy in subsequent stages should be optimal with respect to the outcome of the first.
If T is the total "length" of the process, its feed state may be denoted by a vector p(T) and the product state by p(Q).
This torque causes the entire system to rotate about the **yf axis, since the response to Af.
The system as indicated in Fig. 7-2 is fundamental and simple because the transient effects of both the platform servo and the accelerometer have been neglected.
In practice, the preflight leveling process takes place with the system mounted in the airframe.
The effect is that the platform returns from an off-level position at a rapid rate until it is nearly level, at which point the platform is controlled by a proportional servo with low enough frequency response so that the noise has little effect on the leveling process.
A useful by-product of this system is that the information necessary to set the gyro drift biases is available from the currents necessary to hold the system in level.
Manual leveling is inconvenient if the platform must be maintained accurately level for any prolonged period of time.
7-5.
The sighting procedure includes the use of a fixture for the transit to project a beam of light, which is darkened by crossed hairs, on the accelerometer mirror.
Autocollimator.
Essentially, the stator or reference portion of the pickoff is established with respect to the true heading direction, and the platform is turned either manually or automatically until the angular electrical pickoff signal is reduced to zero.
The input axis of the X gyro, when pointing in the east-west direction, is always perpendicular to the spin axis of earth.
His parents talked seriously and lengthily to their own doctor and to a specialist at the University Hospital -- Mr. McKinley was entitled to a discount for members of his family -- and it was decided it would be best for him to take the remainder of the term off, spend a lot of time in bed and, for the rest, do pretty much as he chose -- provided, of course, he chose to do nothing too exciting or too debilitating.
"The blueberry pie is good, Scotty.
yet his changed appearance, surprisingly, was one of plumpness.
Rachel had little to say.
Rachel had to bend toward Scotty and ask him to repeat.
"You don't eat enough, honey.
He was able, now, to sit for hours in a chair in the living room and stare out at the bleak yard without moving.
He was calm, drugged, and lazy.
The heavy branches in his front yard would hide and then reveal them.
"I don't go to school any more".
it would exhaust him further and unnecessarily.
He did not speak.
She wants to pay you a visit.
"Well, Mrs. Charles -- Sally -- has phoned too.
We'll wait till you're stronger and then talk about it".
He's getting plenty of rest".
Or: "I walk around the house a lot".
Where their sharp edges seemed restless as sea waves thrusting themselves upward in angry motion, Papa-san sat glacier-like, his smooth solidity, his very immobility defying all the turmoil about him.
Who would clean up the mess when the war was over?
Time to become afraid.
There were ten men on the patrol which Sergeant Prevot led out that next night.
Then we pull out under our mortar and artillery cover, but nobody pulls out until I say so.
Big ones and little.
Prevot had said that the searchlights would be bounced off the clouds at 2230 hours, "which gives us time to get settled in position".
then they turned to the right, climbed the embankment, and walked into the valley again.
The sharp ray was absorbed by a cloud, then reflected to the earth in a softer, diffused radiance.
Lying in the grass behind the brush clump, Warren looked about.
Certain this menace was only imaginary, he yet stared in fascinated horror, his hand sticky against the stock of his weapon.
Brittany, that stone-gray mystery through which he traveled for thirty days, sleeping in the barns of farmers or alongside roads, had worked some subtle change in him, he knew, and it was in Brittany that he had met Pierre.
They crowded the small room and peered over one another's shoulders to watch the handless man write his name in the book.
The Americans, like yourself, take the fact for granted, try to be helpful, but don't ask questions.
"Will you please wait in here.
She was the widow of a writer who had died in an airplane crash, and Mickie had found her a job as head of the historical section of the Treasury.
Mr. Christiansen knows that a soldier will get the Distinguished Service Medal for conduct that would land him in prison for life or the electric chair as a civilian.
They caught Trig stealing liquor from the officers'mess, and he got a couple of girls in trouble.
There was a sniper's nest in a mountain cave, and it was picking off our men with devilish accuracy.
When we got there, Trig and the Negro were quarreling over possession of a gold crucifix around the neck of a wounded Filipino.
When he was in the war, he was in Law or Supplies or something like that, and an old buddy of his told me he would come down on Sundays to the Pentagon and read the citations for medals -- just like the one we sent in for Trig -- and go away with a real glow.
No, they must look the other way and climb one more painful step up the ladder.
At law school, the same.
Lawrence was waiting for Bill Boxell.
It did not.
This young man had so little time to learn he had to be curious;
Boxell looked at Lawrence with a searching glance, the kind that a prosecuting attorney would give a man on trial.
You see what I mean.
He was caught in a machine.
It was an old and dirty wooden structure, sadly in need of repair.
It began invariably in low tones, almost conversational, and then gradually worked up to high, shrill appeals to God and man.
But then, at mention of that name, the Amen corner broke loose.
The salary of the pastor had for years been $500 annually and even this was in arrears.
The teacher was a pliant fool.
Wilson was told that it was a sort of hotel for white people, which seemed to him rather queer.
After looking about a bit, Wilson discovered beyond Black Bottom, across the river and far removed from the white city, a considerable tract of land, and it occurred to him that the church and the better Negro homes might gradually be moved to this plot.
And Wilson tried.
It was hardly possible to get any argument on the subject.
Then Wilson asked, "What about this Kent House which you mention?
What is it"?
But this situation of Kent House was more subtle.
He might have been anywhere or nowhere.
He clomped heavily up the stoop and rang the bell.
He had no idea where Seward's room would be.
It was a thrill he felt no part in.
Frederick Seward said his father was sleeping, and then went through a pantomime at his father's door, to prove the statement.
He got caught up into it and became a different person.
He smashed it in and tumbled into darkness.
When the knife went into his chest, he went down at once.
Herold, he saw, had fled.
he knew he should get to Cap, but he didn't know how.
That was one of the high spots of the play.
Since she could not act, one part suited her as well as any other, and so she was the first person to offer Mr. Lincoln a glass of water, holding it up to the box, high above her head, to Miss Harris, who had asked for it.
Said Trenchard, otherwise Hawk.
They had not heard what had been said.
There was something maimed and crazy about its motion that disturbed them.
When something unexpected happened, one always asked for water if one were a woman, brandy if one were a man.
At the rear of the auditorium, upstairs, some men tried to push open the door to the box corridor.
By the look of him he wasn't that far gone.
It was absurd.
He heard himself chortling.
"Stevie!
Houses winked as the cars rolled beside a little depot.
A dull boom and a throbbing echo.
He put his head out.
He dressed, and sped outdoors.
God was everywhere, in the belfry, in the steeple, in the clouds, in the trees, and in the mountains hulking on the horizon.
Although they journeyed westerly as far as Germantown, beyond the Erie roundhouse and the machine shop, and along the Delaware and Hudson Canal, and northward to Brooklyn, below Point Peter, he could see the church spire wherever he looked back.
Stevie saw no idols;
He made a will and last testament before we left Paterson.
The cold, mysterious presence of God was all around him.
Therefore, give Him your affection and store up His love for you.
Someday God would choose him.
therefore, nothing but good could happen to him, even in God's wrathful storms.
not of Drew Church.
"Don't you be afraid, Violet"!
Ludie screeched at him.
That Ludie!
She was so beautiful with her rosy mouth and haughty air that she had to be wicked.
Nigger pussy.
He thought of Joe Harris, the nigger who had gone after his sister.
He ain't so bad.
That goddamn redheader was the worst.
I hear the whole bunch is croakin out in the snow.
He glowed with anticipation about what would happen to the culprits when they caught them.
Hired, hard lackeys of the Warmongering capitalists.
"Really something", he said, aloud.
Rivers of cold sweat were suddenly unleashed within him.
And he took heart;
But a nigger.
He looked over at him, lying there, asleep, and he felt a wave of revulsion.
Who is the man to take His place?
He stared at it, amazed, alarmed.
Ching, Tien, all of them.
"Lookit that come down, willya", said the man, scratching himself, yawning.
Just about to get their asses kicked into hut Seven.
It infuriated him.
For Christ's sake!
Am I nuts?
C'mon --'mon!
Why don't Uncle Sam mind his own fucken business?
All pricks like Coughlin run it anyway, one way or another.
Why should I be spinning just because the goddamn log is spinning?
The bandit laughs in his face.
To Voltaire's surprise, however, their host gives them fresh clothes to put on, opens his purse to lend them money and sits them down before a good dinner.
As a composer.
He didn't believe them.
But what else could he do?
But no.
Bah, what was a contradiction in one's life?
That would certainly be paradoxical.
All these emotions were screwed up to new heights when, after acceptance and the first rehearsals, there ensued such a buzz of excitement among Parisian music lovers that Duclos had to come running to Rousseau to inform him that the news had reached the superintendent of the King's amusements, and that he was now demanding that the work be offered first at the royal summer palace of Fontainebleau.
Why had not this success come to him before he had plunged into his Discourse, and before he had committed himself to a life of austerity and denial?
And that was why, on the day of the performance, when a carriage from the royal stables called to take him to the palace, he did not bother to shave.
"I'm dressed as I always am", Rousseau said.
"What is slovenly about me"?
Now, if you don't mind, I should like to hear my own piece performed".
He came spurring and whooping down the road, his horse kicking up clouds of dust, shouting:
The last thing in the world that resembled a war was our line of farmers and storekeepers and mechanics perched on top of a stone wall, and this dashing rider made us feel a good deal sharper and more alert to the situation.
I don't know whether he was after our rider, who had gone by a minute before, or whether he was simply scouting conditions;
I must state that the faster things happened, the slower they happened;
Hold your fire"!
I had squeezed the trigger of my own gun, and to my amazement, it had fired and kicked back into my shoulder with the force of an angry mule;
and though he had found the strength to run with us, now he collapsed and lay on the ground, dying, the Reverend holding his head and wiping his hot brow.
Someone said that while we were standing here and arguing about it, the British would be gone;
"Good heavens, Adam", he said, "I thought one thing you'd have no trouble learning is when to get out of a place".
They tried to outface him, but Joseph Simmons was as wide as two average men, and it would have taken braver men than these were to outface him.
Calmly he opened the Bible and read of the woman at the well.
Ablard Corne, a short man with a rotunda of stomach, rose.
John was quietly insistent.
John closed his eyes and saw once again the little niche in his mother's bedroom, where she had knelt to tell the good Virgin of her needs.
The sharp wind slapped at him and his feet felt like ice as the snow penetrated the holes of his shoes, his only ones, now patched with folded parchment.
He brushed back his black hair, shoving it under his pastor's cap to keep it from blowing in his eyes.
Loneliness tore through him like a physical pain whenever he thought of Peter Robert, Nerien, Nicholas Cop, Martin Bucer, and even the compromising Louis Du Tillet.
Dice rolled, prostitutes plied their trade, thieves stole, murderers stabbed, and the ungodly blasphemed.
Faint at first, the tapping grew until it sounded loud against the wind.
Slowly, like a man grown old, he took Eli's hand and led him below to the tower study, guiding him to a chair beside the little hearth where a fire still burned.
Anger and fear fused in John.
Bern demands that the Lord's Supper be administered here as it used to be, with unleavened bread.
The following morning, as John entered the Place Molard on his way to visit a sick refugee, he had a premonition of danger.
John lifted his hand for silence.
"We have taught him a lesson".
Adam watched his own hands make the caressing, anxious movement that, when rain falls and nobody comes, and ruin draws close like a cat rubbing against the ankles, has been the ritual of stall vendors, forever.
It was nothing to him if rain fell and nobody came.
The smoke from that chimney rose as sluggishly as smoke from any other, and hung as sadly in the drizzle, creeping back down along the sopping canvas of the roof.
In that moment of vision Adam heard the voice within himself saying: I must not hate him, I must not hate him or I shall die.
It was Pullen James, the campmate of Simms Purdew.
The form was swathed in an army blanket, much patched, fastened at the neck with a cord.
They did washing.
Mollie the Mutton was scratching her nose.
He looked wildly around, at the now empty street, at the mud, at the rain.
In one of the huts a group of men were huddled together, singing.
He had plunged into the dark woods beyond.
They did not know who they were or know their own worth.
Mose asked softly.
Then: "yeah.
Had to put my foot on it to hole it down while I cut it up fer the lob-scuse".
Once, they were at Easthampton for the summer (again, Fritzie said, a good place, even though they were being robbed).
In a few minutes she was making the ten-foot hike unaided;
He seemed to be muttering, his voice surprisingly clear.
It could continue this way, hitting 106 and more in the Valley, Joe McFeeley knew, into October.
Her speech was barren of southernisms;
"Maybe today'll be a good-news day".
His face was bloated with drugging, redder than normal.
He settled on the sofa with his coffee, warming his hands on the cup, although the room was heavy with heat.
He could think of nothing else to tell them: no assurances, no hopeful hints at great discoveries that day.
One of the reporters called to him: "Anything new, Lieutenant"?
then all four gathering on the sofa to face the inquisitor.
The equation was simple: wealth brought them happiness, and their united front to the world was their warning that they meant to keep everything they had, let no one in on the secrets.
McFeeley noted the immaculate lawn and gardens: each blade of grass cropped, bright and firm;
Kahler continued: "I fixed his dog the other day and I guess he's sore, so I expected him to come barging in".
He found the pilot light and turned on one of the burners for her.
She appeared with the teacart and he opened the windows.
Harold put a teaspoonful of powdered coffee in his cup and filled it with hot water, and then, stirring, he sat back in his chair.
Eugene offered Harold his car, to use at any time he cared to, and when this offer was not accepted, the armchair creaked.
Harold shook his head.
Matching photographs in oval frames of Mme Bonenfant and an elderly man who must be Alix's grandfather.
The apex, the study where Eugene slept, was light and bright and airy and cheerful.
The titles he could read easily through the criss-crossed wires: works on theology, astral physics, history, biology, political science.
"I guess".
When he opened the door, there stood Eugene, on his way out of the apartment.
"And for that he needs a little bag"?
He looked around the room and then called out: "Come here, quick"?
She looked at him in surprise.
I wish I did.
Listed as present at the Descent were Mary, Mary's sister, Mary Magdalene, John, Joseph of Arimathea, Nicodemus.
These would be two human beings, whom God had chosen.
It was a relief to shift in his mind to technical problems.
No fold could be accidental, each turn of the drapery had to serve organically, to cover the Madonna's slender legs and feet so that they would give substantive support to Christ's body, to intensify her inner turmoil.
many of their gifted members were prominent in the Vatican as physicians, musicians, bankers.
Each religion has its own tenets".
Not bulky laborers, but sinewy men.
His first model arrived at dusk.
Jacopo Galli introduced him into several Roman homes.
When he wanted to emphasize, or get greater intensity, he added or subtracted clay.
Drawing and models were his thinking.
"No", said Argiento stolidly.
frequently he would take his leave of Michelangelo by announcing:
By the second day Michelangelo began to worry;
The child was gone.
Kate moved through all the preparations and services in a state of bewilderment.
When she returned to life in the big house she felt shriveled of all emotion save dedication to duty.
Kate felt she had deserted the boy in her own loss.
"Whiskey still, my foot", said Joel.
She had taken him out of the schoolhouse and closed the school for the summer, after she saw Miss Snow crack Joel across the face with a ruler for letting a snake loose in the schoolroom.
Jonathan wrote grimly of the destruction of Harpers Ferry before they abandoned it;
I think I've taken it about fifty times already"!
Jonathan and Ben were not on the lists of the dead or on that of the missing.
Juanita stopped just inside the open door, her hand to her mouth.
"As you know, General McClellan has been occupying Beverly.
Kate went back and reminded the kitchen women of the supper preparations.
You own me.
It was a delayed moon, but now the sky had cleared of scudding black and the stars sugared the silver-gray sky.
There were times now, like this, when she lost control of the time count and moved freely back and forth into three generations.
He slapped the reins on the back of the powerful gray horse and held on as the sulky's wheels hit a pothole and came out with a jolt and went on.
He pulled out one of them and cocked it.
The creature in feathers looked around and David saw the mad eyes, glazed with an insane fear.
On the western tip of Long Island protruded Brooklyn Heights.
The fish hawk, his wings not moving, circled and glided lower.
The fish hawk flew on and was lost from sight.
Now there was more to do.
But it did not matter.
And what of that poor tarred and feathered wretch he had seen on the road driving down from Schuyler's?
He was proud that he had never worn a wig.
And all this too shall pass away: it came to him out of some dim corner of memory from a church service when he was a boy -- yes, in a white church with a thin spur steeple in the patriarchal Hudson Valley, where a feeling of plenitude was normal in those English-Dutch manors with their well-fed squires.
The land of the Lublin Uplands was rich, but no one seemed to care.
Where we end our journey is always the same.
He saw the smug eyes of the Home Army chief, Roman, and all the Romans and the faces of the peasants who held only hatred for him.
I hate Poland and all the goddamned mothers'sons of them.
Andrei's skilled eye sized them up.
Early in 1939, Odilo Globocnik, the Gauleiter of Vienna, established SS headquarters for all of Poland.
Ice baths, electric shocks, lashings, wild dogs, testicle crushers.
Andrei stopped at Litowski Place and looked around quickly at the boundary of civil buildings.
"It's good to see you again, Styka".
"For a time I thought of trying to reach the Free Polish Forces, but one thing led to another.
Styka blew his nose again.
"Good man, Styka".
Styka shook his head slowly.
Andrei smiled.
I used to love this country and believe that someday we'd win our battle for equality.
Flies swarmed around the bowl of lentils in which he mopped thick black bread.
I will get you inside the guard camp as a member of my crew.
"Well -- what about the money"?
I didn't want her back on that broken record.
We moved down Broadway from ginmill to ginmill.
She just about made me carry her upstairs and then she clung to me and wouldn't let me go.
He's used to me bringing home strange men.
Waking up was horrible.
My eyes were so bleary I could barely see him but there he was, a little smooth olivefaced guy in a new spring overcoat and a taffycolored fedora.
Imagine that.
All she did was write me a pleasant little note about how it was beautiful while it lasted but that now life had parted our ways and it was goodbye forever.
What I did know was that Precious was always around.
I'd thought him a pimp or procurer but he didn't seem to be.
Poor devil he can't have been too happy either.
The way Eileen and I were hitting it up, we needed ten or fifteen dollars an evening.
"Whom God hath joined" etcetera.
Pat meanwhile was bubbling over with sentiment.
It was responsible and sometimes dangerous work because the thieving is awful in the port of New York.
As long as there were two human beings working together on the same project, there would be competition and you could no more escape it than you could expect to escape the grave.
He would have to work without questioning the motives which made him work and content himself with the thought that the eventual victory, however it was brought about, would be sweet indeed.
It was a ridiculous situation and Rector knew it, for Hino, frankly partisan, openly gregarious, would make a poor espionage agent.
Without exception Hino's brothers turned to either one or both of their father's occupations, but Hino showed a talent for neither and instead spent most of his time on the beach where he repaired nets and proved immensely popular as a storyteller.
They had never seen one before and had expressed a curiosity about it.
He had something more to say.
No, Kayabashi was bringing his associates here for a specific purpose and Rector would not be able to fathom it until they arrived.
"Why"?
"Fifteen", she said.
The altercation in the coffee house had done little to dampen his spirits, but he was still a little wary around Rector for they had not yet discussed the incident.
"When Konishi gets back with the jeep, I want you to round up two or three Japanese boys.
He was not sure what effect it would have, but that was really beside the point when you got right down to it.
But when she called he had thought better of the matter and decided not to involve himself in a new entanglement.
we can return the following morning
"Tomorrow will be a new experience -- I have never before made love to a nightingale.
A scant half mile away Shelley and Mary were doubtless sitting on their diminutive terrace, the air about them scented with stock, and listening to the nightingale who had nested in the big lime tree at the foot of the garden.
In the bedroom she would insist on darkness.
Claire felt suddenly small and cheap, heroine of a trivial episode in the voluminous history of Don Juan.
Wasn't the owl her symbol"?
She was striking the right note.
But, kindled by his kiss, his caressing hand, her desire was aflame.
"Although it is not the best of which he is capable", said Shelley as he closed the book, "it is still poetry of a high order".
winter came, and with it Mary's baby -- a boy as she had wished.
Not a thought nor a cadence was missed in her summary of appreciation.
"There are other Mr. Thynnes.
He tried defiance and openly flaunted his devotion to his half sister, but he soon saw, as did she, that this course if persisted in would involve them in a common ruin.
-- Sir?
Beckworth left the tent.
The plank floor was slimed beneath Watson's boots.
When the boat had touched, the weaker ones and the two wounded men had been lifted out and carried away by the soldiers.
Though Watson carefully ignored the man, he could not deny his presence.
The stiff figure in the corner no longer blocked his thoughts.
He was conscious of a growing sense of absurdity.
Exactly!
Watson stared at them curiously.
Watson watched two of them flounder into the shallow water and listened to their voices beg shrilly.
he crept in an incertain manner, patting the ground before him.
Say three minutes to make it sporting.
-- Let me help him, for the love of God!
-- Henry said that he'd take my arm and get me right there.
It raises the voice, bein in camp.
Watson paused for breath.
Watson turned away, sickened for the first time in many months.
-- Goddamn you!
He was sure of it.
Men were slaughtered every day, tumbled into eternity like so many torn parcels flung down a portable chute.
He had stupidly thought himself compelled to ease his brother's pain.
Sitting on her terrace, sitting in her parlor, sitting anywhere, she ground an axe of self-esteem.
He was brigadier of the club's locker-room light infantry, and at one time or another declared war on Russia, Czechoslovakia, Yugoslavia, and China.
Her house stood on a rise of ground, and before she got into her car she looked at the houses below.
it was her life.
I want to get my kit in tomorrow morning -- would you mind doing them while I cook the dinner"?
"Infectious hepatitis", he shouted heartily.
Where was Mr. Flannagan, he wondered.
"Mr. Flannagan has been away for six weeks.
She didn't like to travel.
Sheer plumpness, he knew, is not a vital part of the body and has no procreative functions.
"I've never done this before", they always said, putting on their stockings.
He shouted.
In the starlight he could see the trees stripped of their leaves.
She grasped the chair arms and brought her thin body upright, like a bird alert for flight.
She signed the letters quickly, stamped them, and placed them on the hall table for Raphael to mail in town.
"You remember them, I suppose"?
She would have said triumph.
What had once been a widespread family -- at one time, she knew, there were enough Packards to populate an entire county -- had now narrowed down to the two boys, Abel and Mark.
But the boy the boy had been alive yesterday.
There was stability there, too -- a color which his life had had once.
"I suppose it has to do with the property", Mark had said over the telephone when they had discussed their receipt of the letters.
They've never met, you know.
There was the smell of the coast, like a primeval memory, composed of equal parts salt water, clams, seaweed and northern air.
Both of them had known the feeling of the small life in her waiting, ready, for the two of them to run up her sails.
That would make him mad enough if he was sober.
I was leaning too far over.
He was like a mean horse to come at from the rear.
Pa pulled at the covers.
"Not stealing, Pa.
Pa had his head up, glaring, his teeth gnawing at the place where he'd grown a mustache once.
Both you and Hans.
Big Hans said" --
Once he went after Hans and dumped his pot over the banister.
Water from the snow and water from the towels had run off the kid to the table where the dough was, and the dough was turning pasty, sticking to the kid's back and behind.
"Well"?
This kid's froze bad.
He don't care about anybody.
I was ready to jump but when Ma said she'd get the whisky it surprised him like it surprised me, and he ran down.
Hans rubbed the kid with more snow rubbed rubbed.
They were always trying so you got to expect it.
She'd found it by luck most likely but she hadn't said anything and we didn't know how long ago it'd been or how many other ones she'd found, saying nothing.
He didn't figure her at all, and if he found out a woman it'd be bad.
You ought to know that".
"Lift, don't shove lift".
"His throat's shut.
Hans had his fingers in the kid's mouth.
Stowey Rummel was internationally famous, a crafter of a genuine Americana in foreign eyes, an original designer whose inventive childishness with steel and concrete was made even more believably sincere by his personality.
Sometimes he would grunt softly to some invisible onlooker beside him, sometimes he would look stern and moralistic as his pencil did what he disapproved.
When he was bent over behind the wheel of the station wagon, feeling in his trouser cuffs for the ignition key which he had dropped a moment before, she came out of the house with an enormous Rumanian shawl over her head, which she had bought in that country during one of their trips abroad, and handed him a clean handkerchief through the window.
Her eyebrows were definite and heavy and formed two lines moving upward toward a high forehead and a great head of brown hair that fell to her shoulders.
Then, when he had it pointed down the hill, he stopped to gaze at her through the window.
improvise cha-chas on the harp;
How could it have been thirty years already, she wondered?
for to attend the dying was something she had never experienced, and certainly had not imagined when she thought of the duties she would have as Bobby Joe's wife.
Thus a new pattern of days began to develop, for Granny Albright did not die.
And sit on the porch a while.
One afternoon, as the women sat clucking softly, a new carload of people pulled up at the gate.
All the women got up and offered their chairs, and when they were all seated again, the guests made their inquiries and their explanations.
He asked, when she passed him a glass.
then, hearing the muffled boom of Howard's laughter, blushed redder.
If he bothers you, don't pay him any mind.
"Howard".
In her sophomore year she had started going steady with Bobby Joe, who was a football player, Future Homemakers sweetheart, and president of Future Farmers.
She was going to tell Bobby Joe about how mistaken she had been, but he brought one of the cousins home for supper, and all they did was talk about antelope.
but they were going up to the Big House after supper, and she had to put on a clean dress and fix her hair a little.
"You'll be a darn sight more comfortable there, Howard", Ernest said, laughing, and they all laughed.
Alex asked.
"This is my hen ledger", he informed him in an absorbed way.
The doctor stood about, waiting for Alex to dress, with a show of impatience, and soon they were moving, as quietly as could be, through the still-dark hallways, past the bedroom of the patronne, and so into the street.
and hopes that the chambermaid and patronne would still be abed began to rise in Alex's well exercised breast.
The doctor, he noticed, was attempting a transverse movement towards the stairs, but before the movement could be completed a distinct and audible cluck ruffled the air in the hollow of the stair-well.
the audience attended.
Anyhow she's coming back in five minutes to do the room".
they passed behind him and got to Alex's room unnoticed.
Alex suppressed those expressions of relief which offered to prevail in his face and escape from his throat;
At the time Alex arrived he was engaged in some sort of intimate communication with the hen, who had settled herself on the nest most peacefully after the occurrences of the morning.
In the kitchen, Leona, his little young wife, was reading the morning paper.
bending, he touched her knee.
Sighing, Leona dropped the paper and stood up.
"I thought you was sick to death of this big house.
"We've got plenty of time to think about that.
Although it had seemed a good reason, to begin with: no couple could afford to have children.
"Winston"!
He gave Mr. Jack a real going-over;
The velvet smoking jackets, pearl-gray, wine, and blue, which Miss Ada had bought him hung brushed and unworn in the closet.
Each brass handle and hinge shone for his reward, and he knew how to get at the dust in the china flowers and how to take down the long glass drops which hung from the chandelier.
Already the jonquils were blooming in a flock by the front gate, and the periwinkles were coming on, blue by the porch steps.
Still, he couldn't help thinking, we're all getting old, getting small;
It hung in all her day clothes, sweet and strong;
He picked up the photograph and began to wrap it.
"Mr. Jack sets store by that".
"Picture!
Mr. Jack had said, "You look about fifteen years old".
Will you wear pink when you're sixty"?
After that they had sat for five minutes without saying a word.
I lived to see an envelope of hers in the morning mail and to lock myself in my room in the afternoon to reread her letter for the tenth time and finally prepare an answer.
They caused my love for Jessica to become warmer and at the same time more hopeless, as if my adolescent self knew that only torment would ever bring me the courage to ask to see her again.
We blushed and were flustered, and it turned out to be the fleetest brush of lips upon cheek.
I had no idea of what subjects one discussed when alone with a girl, or how one behaved: Should I hold her hand while walking or only when crossing the street?
I made inquiries, I read a book of etiquette.
Heavy-coated, severe-looking policemen sat astride noble horses along the curbside to prevent the revellers from spilling out in front of the crawling traffic.
It was a quarter of seven when the crowd washed me up among the other gallants who had established the Astor steps as the beach-head from which to launch their night of merrymaking.
Suppose her father had changed his mind and had refused to let her leave?
It seemed incredible, as I listened to the monotonous drone of voices and smelled the fetid odors coming from the patients, that technically I was a ward of the state of Illinois, going to a hospital for the mentally ill.
"Why do you say that"?
"I wouldn't have gone into nursing if I didn't care about people.
I've worked this ward for three months now.
Her eyes flashed angrily.
I'm going to become a good nurse, and I've got two baby brothers that are going to have college if I have to work at my profession until I'm an old maid to give it to them".
"I'm sorry", she said.
He's a pretty good judge of character, Anderson.
You will get to come home on long weekends from Hanover, won't you"?
It seemed the most important thing in my life at this moment that she should know the real truth about me.
I had come to Chicago from New York early in September with a dramatic production called Ask Tony.
We were paid off Tuesday morning and given tickets back to New York.
When I answered it a voice too dignified and British to be real said, "Is this Mr. Dale Nelson, the actor"?
I smiled.
"You Mr. Nelson"?
I walked with him back to the entrance.
I went back to the agency car and got out an electric bug, one of the newest devices for electronic shadowing.
You're conscious of the fact that your feet hurt, that the city pavements are hard.
I kept trying to get him to take my money.
"Oh, that's all right", he said.
I turned on the electric bug, and the signal came in loud and clear.
I found a parking place half a block away, sat in the car and waited.
I sat there with the faint odor of charcoal-broiled steaks tantalizing my nostrils and occasionally catching the aroma of coffee.
I used the alias of Robert C. Richards, gave the first three letters and the first and last figure of the license number on the agency heap, but a couple of phony numbers in between.
"Any difference in the rate"?
not like the cracker-box construction of so many of the motel units that have stucco all over the outside but walls that are thin enough so you can hear every movement of the people in the adjoining apartment.
The powerful microphone I could press against the wall between my motel unit and that occupied by the man would bring in the sound of any conversation, and I was positively nauseated I was so hungry.
That's when my evening commences".
Then I shut off the device again.
She looked at me provocatively.
Roberta and Dave began to back toward the door.
She measured the distance from where they stood to the men and the gun, measured the distance from the men to the back room.
The distance between where she stood and where Dave waited at the outside door was a hundred miles.
Vince.
How could she?
but he was aware of it just the same.
His mouth worked over the profanity, the obscenities in his vocabulary.
And put Cate's gun back".
The thin man stopped his pacing long enough to glance at the clock.
"Dammit all, Vince.
"What is it"?
She could easily understand why the two men had been startled to find a strange girl in the back seat of their car (she had figured that out), but she couldn't understand their subsequent actions.
So, he understood her panic.
He seemed to be looking at a point above the little window.
She dropped her head on her arms on the counter.
as long as she could do nothing constructive about the situation she was in, she would think about something else.
Roberta Landis put her hand on her husband's arm as he slid in the driver's seat beside her.
Why don't we drive around the corner"?
The big car sprang away from the curb like something alive.
Marty smiled at Squire pleasantly and said, "There was a cab waiting for me here.
"I see there are some cars here.
The Ford and the pickup truck sped west toward Sanford's Run.
There was another on this side, a little further down.
The viscous mud was ankle-deep, and in places great puddles spread across the road and reflected the murky light.
They, too, stared at him.
The day's rain had been added to the stagnant water.
The station wagon came to a stop a couple of hundred feet in front of him, beside a fenced field.
He jumped, and sank to his knees in muddy water.
He still had three miles to go.
He was deep in water, but at least they could not reach him there.
He broke into a dogtrot, breathing heavily, streaming with sweat.
He stopped stone-still.
He thought the fender of the Plymouth brushed his jacket as it went by.
"Not again so soon".
Pete turned around and said to Marty, "I guess you think I'm a yellow-bellied hound.
Every man in every one of these houses is a Night Rider.
He said with satisfaction, "That's fine, Tim.
Have you got my car here"?
He opened the door and followed Rourke out.
"I haven't the faintest idea.
A single automobile was parked half-way up the block on the left-hand side.
His voice was chilling and cold.
Those names mean anything to you"?
I'm not positive, Tim.
Timothy Rourke groaned dismally as he slid under the wheel.
Harris and Geely.
The bartender brought Rourke's drink and Shayne laid a twenty-dollar bill on the bar.
Three minutes, Tim".
Geely grunted and slid partly out, and Shayne's left arm snaked in around his neck to help him, while he set himself solidly on the roadway and swung his right fist to the big, gum-chewing jaw before Geely could straighten up.
"Sure.
The stairway on the right was dark, but there was a wall-switch at the bottom which lighted another dim bulb at the top, and they went up.
He gasped for air and the impact tore his hand from the rail.
He made himself back off slowly, his eyes wary on Roberts, who now had no more to lose than he.
"Any time, Roberts", he said.
This was going to be it now, any second, and what he had to remember was to keep his eye on the razor, no matter what, even if Roberts should feint with a kick to the groin, the deadly hand was his exclusive concern.
He got a knee up into Roberts'belly, used both hands and heaved him clear, then scrambled to his feet.
After a minute he went to Roberts, looked at one of his eyes and felt for a pulse.
They would have to.
It didn't have to be perfect.
He could feel it on his face and in his hair.
He drove carefully in the direction of the brief tour they had taken earlier.
The soft snow was deceitful underfoot.
He knelt slowly and dumped the corpse onto the floor of the tunnel.
The external signs of his approach to it would be covered by the snow, probably by the next day.
He wiped the steering wheel and all the places he might have touched the Jeep.
That courtyard picture with the same initials".
Seated in front of the desk, Hank said, "I'm looking for some information with very little to go on, Sheriff".
Mrs. Calhoun has been society editor here for twenty-five years.
If you find out anything, come on back here and we'll get started on it".
I remember her because she didn't want her picture in the paper.
Do they still live here"?
"Sounds like what you're after", he said when Hank had finished.
He pulled it open.
And, of course, you know not to take clippings".
But he pulled away from the irrelevant old volumes and walked around to the newer ones.
Mr. Black's life was an open book, so to speak, from his birth in Jackson, Mississippi, through his basketball-playing days at L.S.U. and his attainment of a B.A. degree, which had presumably prepared him for his career as district sales manager for Peerless Business Machines.
He glanced at his watch, saw it was only seven, and decided to indulge his weakness now.
"Who's there"?
To search his room at the motel?
"Well" -- said Mr. Skyros.
No trouble.
And can't say I blame you", said Angie thoughtfully.
but all the same he thought now, uneasily, of the way in which Angelo earned his living -- and paid for his own stuff -- and eyed the soft smile, and the spaniel-like dark eyes, and he felt a little ill.
I mean, we all figured -- I guess anybody'd figure -- Angie" --
Who knew, Angie might not last long.
My man, he won't be around a little while, he just fixed me up with this stuff they took out of the Elite.
"Oh, now, I don't know about that much", said Mr. Skyros.
"I do my best", said Mr. Skyros earnestly, "just for you, my friend.
He rather wished he had never got into the business, and still -- scarcely to be resisted, a nice little profit with not much work involved, easy money
Off at noon, and she'd never come back.
No need leave a note with it, either -- or maybe just something like, Don't worry about me, I'm going away to make a better life.
Katya made up the amount in indifferent silence.
he made fresh coffee and searched through all the desk drawers for more cigarettes before thinking of her handbag, and found a crumpled stray cigarette at its bottom, which tasted peculiarly of face powder.
Yes, well, it's a pity to spoil your girlish figure -- which all those kittens would do anyway -- but I think when you've raised these we'll just have the vet fix it so there won't be any more.
Maude went on.
"I don't want it", Sarah said, firmly.
"They can't do anything.
Lucien is not the only person in this house who could have put opium in that coffee.
No, he had been surprised, unpleasantly surprised, but surprised.
That made a certain amount of logic.
Rev had known all along.
She went downstairs and received another curious shock, for when Glendora flapped into the dining room in her homemade moccasins, Sarah asked her when she had brought coffee to her room and Glendora said she hadn't.
Maude?
It was dark but dry and cool.
She sent Glendora back to the house, her basket and her apron laden.
There was no use in standing there in the drizzle, trying to find a link between Emile's murder and opium in a cup of coffee.
Lolotte looked up and stiffened.
Everything in the office, the spreading circle of lamplight, the patch of leather in Lolotte's hands.
She was no schoolgirl, refusing to bear tales.
Miss Maude say she won't".
Try to find out how happy he is with his wife, whether he plays around with women.
"Will you be coming back soon"?
I'd like to make sure.
It was ten minutes before eleven.
Of himself.
He knew Conrad had told him the truth.
Not once, in the time that he had known her, had he ever considered the possibility, not once, not for one one-thousandth of a second, of her infidelity.
The police were no longer there.
Who?
The bed was empty now.
He knew he would never see it again.
He hadn't.
He had taken her upstairs to say good night.
Except for that one morning.
For Blanche, it was only a matter of time before Stanley would propose.
It might have been easier for her if Kitti Walker hadn't been everything that Blanche was not.
There were mornings when Stanley came in late, afternoons when he left early, days when he didn't come in at all.
She stayed away for ten days.
In the same way he pantomimed grasping a mantel and bouncing cleanly off that, pressing his hands against the floor and bouncing cleanly off that.
After all, he hadn't happened upon us in that second-floor hall without warning.
You have your paper horn clutched in your big, craggy fist, and for your entrance you have planned a noisy, colorful and exuberant greeting to your friends and tenants.
Then he turns back to you.
He adjusted the hat, lifted the horn to his lips as though it were a flute, and fell in alongside our fingerprint expert to cavort with him.
For a man of his mass he was curiously short.
Not even a whiff.
I've never noticed that it improves things any".
Is there any other time in which a man can live"?
"So intricate, so beautiful.
"That important".
"No.
Also, if we had excluded the ladies we would have to that extent let the whole world know at least that much of where we stood.
There was no process of trial and error.
There was no confusion and no litter.
Hub was sitting in a chair that blocked the hall door.
"Shall I let them know you're awake"?
He could not manage the former or expect the latter;
And once Bake slipped in, pale and drawn, last night's liquor still on his breath with some of today's added to it.
Word of his arrival spread through the crowd like a brushfire.
It was signed by everyone in the troupe.
"I'll try.
Bonner explained that, with the nightclub's cooperation, the police had occupied El Dorado like a battlefield.
What do you expect to get tonight, anyway?
He had gotten stuck with a job too big for his imagination;
When no one smiled, he felt constrained to add, "Just kidding, natch".
Andy said, "Well, I guess we can't wait any longer.
They were right.
The effect was as depressing as a gravestone, the applause irresolute and short-lived.
The music died away discordantly.
His voice shook.
"My God", he muttered.
Thornburg patted his arm.
I practically had to sign your life away, you'll probably fire me for some of the deals I had to go for, but" --
Dad, wait".
Rossi and Ferguson have been across the street, talking to the kid.
"The trouble with you", old man Arthur began, and then checked himself.
She was wearing a brown cotton dress, cut across the hips in a way that was supposed to make her look slimmer, a yoke set into the skirt and flaring pleats below.
I'm all alone and certain things are going on that look very ominous.
I'd think that you even more than I would be wondering what they're up to.
Come home right away".
Let her call Crosson if she wanted to, let Crosson raise the roof or even can him, he didn't care.
She wanted the police to notice him, suspect him.
Suppose the cops somehow got hold of that?
There was no use wandering off into a territory of utter nightmare.
But he couldn't imagine where.
He could tell them his fears of being involved, he could explain what had happened in the old neighborhood and how Mae had misunderstood and how she had held it over him -- the scene was complete in his mind at the moment, even to his own jerkings and snivelings, and Ferguson's silent patience.
Sure, they're giving up hope.
She had a cup of something steaming, coffee perhaps, in one hand, a fresh piece of toast in the other.
What do you" --
"Green paint, wasn't it?
You're going to have to go to the police and explain what happened.
More like this, maybe"?
With names and addresses listed, verification came next.
The King Arthur had fifty-four overnighters, again counting rooms rather than people.
There was, of course, no hope it really would be that simple.
Several at the King Arthur.
The lab: sorry.
There was no sign of Mrs. Lauren Payne at her house on Nod Road, Ridgefield, Connecticut.
Only those actually with Payne when he was shot, or who had left the party within not more than five minutes (make five arbitrary) positively had none.
Intangibles entered, then -- hunches which felt like facts.
No, motive is a part of fact.
She might, conceivably, have brought one in in a large-enough suitcase.
She did not move in primitive circles.
With the boy, particularly.
that what he had said was no more than one of those things one does say, lightly, meaning nothing.
It was evident that a captain should remain at his desk, directing with a firm hand and keeping a firm seat.
"I know it isn't dinnertime".
They want to be fat cats, Pam thought, and lighted a cigarette and leaned back on a chaise and considered pulling her thoughts together.
The poor kid -- the poor, frail kid.
You just -- "Hello?
She was interrupted.
"Well, with a house as big as that there must be at least one cellar window that wouldn't be noticed right away unless there was a police investigation".
"Coroner", he said to Madden.
He paused.
He had to look for other prospects, other motives until more conclusive evidence pointing to Johnston came to light.
Pauling looked doubtful.
Youngish man on the make, Madden labeled him, and was ready to guess that in a correct, not too pushing fashion, the junior partner of the firm had political ambitions;
The date, October 8, 1957, immediately caught the inspector's eye.
"Mr. Hohlbein and I have noticed some lapses since, though.
He skimmed over the millions that went to Meeker Park, Medfield Hospital, the civic center, the Public Health Nursing Association, the library, and so on, pausing when he came to the scholarship fund.
(No additional five thousand for each year after Joan's twenty-first birthday;
"Old people have their idiosyncrasies".
His salary had reached the ten thousand mark.
It would be all right with him, he decided, if his investigation of the fraud, with its probable by-product of murder, led to Garth's door.
Airy and bright, the apartment was furnished with good modern furniture, rugs, and draperies.
Thayer shook his head.
I want the captain in charge.
I have some security information about the prime minister".
"What happened to your head"?
Mahzeer's the ambassador".
"Where'd you expect, the john?
He bit out the words.
He finished his champagne and climbed uncertainly to the next landing.
it was hideously embarrassing -- "not to let the prime minister be alone with Mahzeer".
And if by some wild chance Mahzeer was the man, he wouldn't dare try anything now -- not after Docherty had looked in on the two of them to see that all was well.
But Hoag had not stayed on the front steps when Griffith disappeared into the building.
Hoag descended the stone steps to the street and looked up at the building.
Mahzeer would stand up, the prime minister would follow.
Most of them could be eliminated;
From this side he could see farther into the legation's third-story window, but he saw no faces;
He went on to the next building and found what he expected -- the mingled cooking aromas of a public vestibule.
Muller was attracted to the lore of mailboxes.
He had thought no further than finding Muller.
The room was bathed in light at the instant Muller's second shot came.
Gun set the captain's fifth of Hiram Walker inside the safe before he reported to Lt. Killpath, though he knew that Killpath's ulcer prevented him from making any untoward incursion on Herman Wolff's gift.
Fight with Sam Schaeffer, fight with the whole damned Bureau.
He put his chin on his kneecap, stretching his neck like that of a turkey on a chopping block, and stared wordlessly at his sergeant.
Roll was being called.
"Sergeant Vaughn, sir".
Killpath leaned forward;
He took up a white sheet of paper, dark with single-spaced data.
Killpath licked his lips.
"I shouldn't like to have to write you up for insubordination as well as dereliction of duty".
"I've been here for some time".
At the doorway he squinted up at the gray morning overcast and patted his jacket pockets for the cigarettes, remembering then that he'd left them at the Doughnuttery.
Mr. Phillips took a razor to Gonzalez, Prop., but left the promise that Spanish would be understood because he thought it meant that Spanish clientele would be welcome.
"She says she has to finish a story".
For he had understood that Betty had been engaged to a boy named Barry Jenkins.
"Can I tell you a secret?
"Of course not".
In fact, he did not think about Jerry Burton at all until he entered his living room and closed the door behind him.
For he remembered too well how he had brought back the loaded drinks to Burton and then returned to the kitchen to get weaker drinks for himself.
He thought: Where the hell could he have gone?
"Tony Calenda".
Calenda was not the sort who walked around without one of his "boys" close at hand.
"I was hired to take a picture.
He hung up with a bang, annoyed at himself for running off at the mouth like that but still terribly concerned with the situation he had helped to create.
He should have stayed here and watched Burton.
"Casey?
Only an occasional tip turned out to be a phony, and, like the police, Casey had made a point of running down all such suggestions and he did not hesitate this time.
He asked.
The price tag hung from the belt and he pulled it off as he entered the chartroom and looked at it curiously.
All had fallen into a complete silence, listening to the wind whistle over the wings.
Silently, Elaine picked up her keys from the table and went out into the cockpit, Poet behind her, Nick trailing behind him.
"Why do you need an arsenal"?
There was nothing quite like being alone on a boat on the ocean.
That was a hell of a note, he thought.
Why, he wondered, had Elaine wanted him along on this trip?
"We're right on the edge of the Deep", Elaine said.
His forearm smashed painfully into the narrow washboard and he grimaced as he grabbed his bruised limb with his other hand and rolled into the boat.
Instinctively aware of the charged atmosphere, Poet raised his head slowly, looking first at Elaine.
"I'll get some ointment".
But the murderer to whom he clung had a tremendous advantage.
A sharp pain lanced across Nick's chest and a bubble of air escaped from his tortured lungs, joining dozens of others that sailed lazily toward the surface like helium balloons rising into the sky.
Poet was not fighting Nick now.
Took me 19 years to become Chief of our three man police force.
"Don't worry about my being tough, Moore.
"Okay, what happened"?
"Julia asks me to come out at once.
"Who's your witness"?
Another fact: Tim's disappeared -- on the run.
"Find any prints"?
As I slid in beside him he said, "Some heap, hey?
When I asked, "Why didn't you go into the living room to see how Mrs. Buck was"?
Nobody came until Chief Moore".
I walked into the living room.
The inside of their place was full of new furniture, five bucks down and a buck a week stuff, but all of it clean and full of the warmth of a home.
Even if he angry, Tim wouldn't hurt a woman.
I stood there, staring at her for a moment -- thinking mostly of her beauty and her poverty.
I told Moore I was going to eat, get some forms filled out by Doc Abel.
Bob Moore is plumb crazy about blue fishing".
"Maybe.
"Will the hotel rent it so soon after the crime"?
"The police will have gone over every square inch of the place with a fine-tooth comb.
Alec smirked.
Diana Beauclerk was a second-rate actress living in New York.
She was in good health and spirits, but still determined to get the money from Forbes.
Find a motive for Stacy or an opportunity for Forbes and the case would be solved.
"That suite is taken".
He raised his voice.
The clerk was almost hysterical.
"There is no story", he piped tremulously.
The bellboy unlocked a white door numbered 1105.
The mirror over the bureau was a blank eye, round and innocent.
The boy hesitated.
Not gray like the dust that collects in an unused room, but white.
He never knew just what woke him.
The sound was coming nearer.
Abandoning caution, Alec leaped out of bed and groped for the light switch.
Nothing happened.
He had seen it in the lineup at Police Headquarters in New York, in Broadway night clubs and Seventh Avenue pool rooms, in the criminal courts.
The man made no reply.
"Don't you speak English"?
And she answered, "I don't know, but I hope you'll never do such a thing".
and I knew they knew it, for I'd told them a lot of it.
Places, too, have their haunting qualities.
After that he was never known to run or even walk fast.
A fascinating pursuit, I assure you.
They were both painters, (They were?
There are a lot of Scandinavians in this neck of the woods, and many still make painted furniture and take steam-baths.
I know as well as the next man that a ship is called from the rigging she carries, where the live wind blows, and not from the hull.
Like his glossy black hair.
And later in the same week they both came together to examine the register.
There's a fine granite quarry there, and granite's coming back for public buildings.
I felt it would be inopportune to disclose my presence.
I would call them the patterns of life, perhaps even the designs of destiny.
I suppose these absences gave her more clearance for her embraces with Cousin Handley.
The guy is off his rocker, Haney thought to himself, and looked away from those eyes.
As a matter of fact, he wouldn't have cared at all if the guy had been hit.
And when the stranger found out that Phil was on the way to one of his favorite bars, he insisted on offering to buy drinks for both of them.
A faint crease appeared between the man's eyebrows.
He was beginning to feel woolly.
Give me your address.
Five minutes later, before Haney could make his break, the stranger stood up and nodded farewell.
Of course On Thursday, Haney mailed the monthly check for separate maintenance to his wife Lolly, and wished the stranger could do something about her
Once inside his apartment, he poured a drink with trembling hands and flopped limply in a chair.
It was like a recurrent, annoying dream, but now the dream was beginning to take on overtones of a nightmare.
Toward the end of his fourth hairy highball, while he was moodily making wet rings on the table-top with the bottom of the glass, he became aware that he was not alone.
In a low voice, almost whispering, the man had asked Phil if he was happy with the way the landlord had been taken off his back.
If she runs around with other men, and if you hate her as you say, why not just divorce her"?
You must understand, I haven't been in this state too long.
"No offense intended", he said gently.
I always work it that way -- and always at a time when the customer has an alibi.
I'll pull the boards back and then get us a light.
"Nice place", I told him.
He put the bottle down.
There was still a little, not much, left in the first bottle and we passed it around once and killed it, and Charlie opened his.
Pops was taking long ones, but not showing the effect yet.
and he'd never known what hit him -- he'd never known that anything had hit him.
I dug him, I saw his point;
"Let's put him down again the way he was.
But let's not talk about it abstractly until we're out of here.
Now" -- He looked around.
Our hypothetical other bum who killed him would have turned out his pockets.
In fact, nobody saw us, cop or citizen.
Also our plans for me to commit Charlie's murder and for him to commit mine.
Charlie had brought food and we'd decided on no drinks.
Or would you rather deal a hand of show-down poker or play a game of gin rummy, or what"?
Then, after I'm back, another fifty so you can put some mileage on yourself and have a solid alibi somewhere while I take care of your seat cover boy".
But I wouldn't have suggested it.
The word "church" which turned up over and over again among Jubal's words gave him knotty difficulty;
He stepped out into the hall, was delighted to encounter a water brother.
Mike felt disappointed that Mahmoud had left;
"Warm enough to swim -- real Indian summer.
In the meantime he was pleased with the warm night and the still more pleasing company of his water brother.
Or Antares"?
"Larry teaches plants to grow.
"They should not be sad.
"At first I was homesick", he answered.
"Yes.
I'll help".
Part of the time saved was spent on a preliminary estimate for a long-distance plan to free bound oxygen in the sands of Mars to make the planet more friendly to future human generations.
The President of the United States proclaimed the first Sunday in November as "National Grandmothers'Day" and urged America to say it with flowers.
Afterwards you did well enough.
But, I'm telling you, it'll be turned down -- you don't understand the System yet.
The sooner you act like an angel the quicker you'll feel angelic.
Anyhow, it was high time the boy was salted.
that is all I can tell you about them.
I believe it was on page 573"!
He was my gapt in the creche.
"But did the expedition find any records of the Forerunner having been on this planet?
"The ship is huge", said Macneff, "but the number of military men and specialists we are taking limits the linguists to one.
"There will be no women aboard the Gabriel.
Six months later, Hal Yarrow stood in the observation dome of the Gabriel and watched the ball of Earth dwindle above him.
Neither nation would give up their claim on it, yet neither wished to make any move that might lead to a second Apocalyptic War.
Her friends and professional associates would sympathize with her, not because she had lost a beloved husband, but because she had been married to a man who thought unrealistically.
their mutual torture would be over.
He would no longer have to see that fat face, hear that whining voice
Love to you, my ward".
Upon reaching the desired speed, the automatic equipment would cut off the drive, and the silent but not empty vessel would hurl towards the star which was its journey's end.
The expedition that had discovered Ozagen had succeeded in correlating two thousand Siddo words with an equal number of American words.
Another obstacle was the grammatical construction of Siddo.
No doubt the Angels could do that kind of thing as fast as any computer.
"We misjudged you", he said slowly.
"Nevertheless, you were its agent.
"Strange", Gabriel said.
But you should understand, Jack, that Hesperus and Lucifer are not long out of the nursery.
The Angels in turn would exercise similar restraints in respect for the natural preferences and natures of the Earthmen -- but they had no faintest notion of man's perverse habit of passing and enforcing laws which were contrary to his own preferences and violations of his nature.
suspicion between member states still existed, but it was of about the same low order of virulence as the twentieth-century rivalry between Arizona and California over water supplies.
but there was no small way to handle this one.
What's happened"?
No -- there was a tiny pip on the radar;
And there would be no chance of signaling them -- without the Nernst generator Jack could not send a call powerful enough to get through all the static, and by the time he could rebuild his fusion power the skiff would be gone.
It was equally clear that as of this moment, the treaty was off.
Jack crawled under the boards and restored the six feet of lead line he had excised from the Nernst generator switch.
I know it's not part of the bargain, and your elders might not like it".
From here on out, the Ariadne was going to be hotter than any space cruiser man had ever dreamed of.
"Ekstrohm"?
These planets were much bigger, nearly all capable of holding an atmosphere.
"No helmets", the captain answered.
"I get no readings from them at all.
Remember, when the little hand is straight up that's negative.
They walked from midnight to noon, noon to midnight, and came to the beast sprawled on its side.
The big man seldom gave out with such thoughts.
"I think we'd better let it lay until we get a clearer picture of the ecological setup around here.
Maybe it would work the other way.
Suppose it is something right on the planet, native to it.
Insects there were on the world, but they were frozen solid during the night, only to revive and thaw in the morning sun.
He no longer had to lie in his bunk all night, his eyes closed, pretending to sleep.
Never at all.
In a camp, instead of shipboard, hiding the secret was easier.
"Okay, Stormy, this isn't the place for fun and games.
Ekstrohm shouldered his way outside and scanned the veldt.
This has got to be some kind of local phenomenon.
What would I want with them"?
Take my word, can't you"?
She lived and was given a name.
She would be among the elite of her kind.
So, for happy years, Helva scooted around in her shell with her classmates, playing such games as Stall, Power-Seek, studying her lessons in trajectory, propulsion techniques, computation, logistics, mental hygiene, basic alien psychology, philology, space history, law, traffic, codes: all the et ceteras that eventually became compounded into a reasoning, logical, informed citizen.
Her subject was large -- a copy of the Last Supper -- and her canvas, small -- the head of a tiny screw.
"Vocal peculiarities often become excessively irritating during prolonged intra-stellar distances and must be eliminated.
Asked the lady.
"Here, this will help", suggested Helva, substituting a magnifying device in one extension and holding it over the picture.
The good man chortled appreciatively and decided the trip was worth his time.
Her own sound production equipment was essentially more instrumental than vocal.
It was, to Helva, only a matter of the correct reproduction and diaphragmic control required by the music attempted.
Her first actual flight, for she and her kind had made mock flights on dummy panels since she was eight, showed her complete mastery of the techniques of her profession.
"Of course", replied Helva logically, activating her outside scanners.
It would have killed you in the cabin.
You're beautiful, beautiful, beautiful.
He wondered how anyone could have the good luck to visit a planet as nice as this.
The Lady Da forced the foremost of her bodies in an upright position.
With this he felt his lips thicken and his mind go slack.
Having arrived he blinked sleepily and friendlily at them, and lapsed back into the restful stupor from which he had emerged.
Formerly he had noticed them -- now he felt them.
Did you ever see a play"?
We all know what the dummies will do" -- he gestured at the hummocks in which the decorticated men were cradled -- "and we all know what the new people will ask.
The pain seems short and the pleasure seems long.
once again they clustered like children.
He did not count time.
He had to fight the bliss of super-condamine to do it.
What persuaded the cow-man to remain on Shayol?
4,
There was no dream of escape for these people.
Now I can only write, and that only when I get out of pain.
He found that if he was tired enough at night, he went to sleep simply because he was too exhausted to stay awake.
When, in late afternoon on the last day in June, he saw two people top the ridge to the south and walk toward the house, he quit work immediately and strode to his rifle.
They were dirty, their clothes were torn, and the girl was so exhausted that she fell when she was still twenty feet from the front door.
"Get up.
Any lingering suspicion that this was a trick Al Budd had thought up was dispelled.
The girl dropped off to sleep.
Morgan nodded.
"There's only one more ranch three miles north of here.
It wasn't the face of a killer.
Sharon, she's cooked in a restaurant.
"I'm a mess", she said, and suddenly she was alarmed.
Do you take in all the strays who come by"?
"Start in.
Morgan laughed.
"I mean, we don't have any way to get there and we can't expect you to quit work just to take us to town".
"You're awfully kind", the girl said.
He stopped, embarrassed, and Morgan said, "I understand that, but I don't savvy why you'd go off and leave your jobs in the first place".
It was the only thing in his life for which he felt guilt.
He got into a fight with Tom English, your brother's son.
"Do you mean" -- he asked almost shyly -- "you want me to go with you, wherever you're goin"?
And you wanted no part of me when I had so much to give.
"The horses.
"You take it easy, boy", Clayton whispered.
I don't know yet, it's crazy;
"I made you what you are", Gavin whispered.
I loved my garden".
Thirty-five
They passed ranches that were framed dark gray against the black hills.
He worked his tongue round and round in the hollow of his cheek and his voice came out of his throat, dry and cracked.
He remembered Gavin's smirk, his own cringing feeling, his impotence.
"You brought him back to this valley thinkin he would help you find your boy.
Cabot turned back to the men and he was drunk with the thing they would do, wild to break from the cloying warmth of the saloon into the cold of the ebbing night.
He looked over his shoulder at the thin dotting of pursuers.
The land over which he sped was the land he had created and lived in: his valley.
He was partially uniformed in a cavalry tunic and hat.
"Thank you, My dear", he said.
And, for the sake of Julia and Susan, it had to be tried.
You stay with the ladies.
He kissed her also, and with deep tenderness.
He kept going.
Holding the pistol concealed, he walked to the rear wall of the stockade.
The guard stood in the shadow of the stockade wall just out of reach of the moonlight.
The explosion of the rifle had crashed against the walls of the stockade and the deep echoes were still rolling in the hills.
Mike took the bayonet from Dean's hand and slashed the picket line.
It's our only chance now.
We'll still have the rifle, and I might be able to round up some more.
The animals thundered away into the moonlight, heading for the ridges.
Durkin and Calhoun came running from the post.
The orderly room seemed to be deserted.
Snatching the lantern from its peg, he shattered its globe with a blow against a post.
Its force spun him around, but he recovered and got into stride again.
Mike rolled to Susan, grasped her around the knees, dragging her off her feet.
The mudwagon had caught fire also.
The guerrillas began a frantic search for pails in which to bring water from the spring.
One of the wagons erupted a massive pillar of flame.
Now dammit, I don't want to go into any more explanations.
Fort up!
"Old Knife's got the largest war party ever seen on the river", he said calmly.
The War Department wrote Mr. Manuel a letter and said he was a hero.
"That's why this company's important.
Still, I was disgusted with myself for agreeing with Montero's methods.
But Oso replied calmly, "Trouble ain't easy to dodge out in this country, rev'rend".
The cooks had prepared one of the best meals we'd had in a long time, and on Montero's orders had baked enough bread to last the day.
"Oso", Montero called "I'll get Gray Eyes".
Gray Eyes was in the lead.
Montero's rifle cracked.
"If you're goin'to kill'em --!
Out in front of our walls the grass was covered with dead and dying men, war shields, lances, blankets and wounded and dead horses.
Montero shouted furiously.
I forgot to aim.
I heard the whir of an ax and a Canadian's face burst apart in a bloody spray.
This time more of them hurdled the barrier.
It was pitiful to see the thin ranks of warriors, old and young, wheeling and twisting their ponies frantically from side to side only to be tumbled bleeding from their saddles by the relentless slam, slam of the cruelly efficient Hawkinses.
It would to me".
Let it burn down.
I own the place".
"Jake Carwood.
"No", Wilson said.
Be sure it's out when you leave.
She was quick.
"That quirt -- I ought to use it on you, where it would do the most good.
If you've got any ideas".
It's no job for you".
Wilson brushed the dust from his coat.
"I guess I'll find out soon enough.
I've had enough of you.
But her prettiness was what he had noticed first, and all the other things had come afterward: cruelty, meanness, self-will.
"Both of you.
Already some of the pain had gone from Amelia's death.
And there was a house;
Kathy was already in the wagon.
But there was water.
all dusty and sunbaked.
A glimpse of three of four vague figures, at the most.
None of the men hanging around the hall bothered to speak to him.
The morning's tabloids were on the counter, and a stack of dog-eared men's magazines.
In the mornings, I was informed, fluorescent tubes, similar to the one above the counter, illuminated the entire hall.
When suitably lighted, what would it look like?
Also the clerk appeared to disapprove of my frequent curious glances back over my shoulder.
I had signed it off on the forms.
Sometimes I noticed the tops of ships'masts and funnels reaching above the pier roofs.
Meanwhile spring had passed well into summer.
The staircase itself seemed still to be echoing the heavy footfalls of many men.
He wore perforated, white-topped shoes;
indeed, my scholastic qualifications were such that he, a college graduate himself, must envy me them.
"Tie him up".
The only reason we brought you was to get Miller out.
There was no moon.
"What's wrong with him"?
Deliberately, with none of Rankin's viciousness, he laid the barrel of his gun alongside the guard's head.
The only thing which would have attracted attention was that two wore the uniform of prison guards, three the striped suits of convicts.
"I won't even try to thank you".
"You aren't one of us.
"Bury those uniforms so they won't be found".
He had done time for the theft.
"The road's washed badly", said Dill, "but there's a trail you can get over with a horse.
Did you find him"?
Barton cursed under his breath.
Let's go get the boy".
"
Barton's men cut the telegraph wires in half a dozen places, carrying away whole sections to make repairs more difficult.
The gravel was the bed of an ancient river, buckled in some prehistoric upheaval of earth.
He was proud of his accomplishments, proud of his job, proud that Donald Kruger and his associates trusted him.
Kodyke was to head the dread company police.
Kodyke took the picture in a lean hand, studying it thoughtfully.
If she sensed any unusual preoccupation on the part of her mother, she did not comment upon it.
When the station wagon drew abreast of the dusty dirt road that led up to the porch of the Culver house, Pamela turned the wheel, guiding the car to its familiar parking spot close to the house, and stopped.
Atonement, if atonement were possible, could only be made at that sacred, sacrificial basin.
It was not, thought Pamela, such an evil place after all.
She did not pause to consider what she would do if her plan should fail;
knowing that its ageless mass would always dwarf the short span of time allotted to any man.
Pamela was glad Jim was nowhere near.
Silence came into the forest -- a solid being that clapped its hand over the murmuring mouths of the birds and the whispered comfort of the trees.
She seemed to have come such a long distance -- too far for her destination which had wilfully been swallowed up in the greedy gloom of the trees.
Where before had she felt or dreamt or imagined such a scene?
But she did not know which way to go.
Every movement she made seemed unnecessarily noisy.
"To me you'll always be the girl o'my dreams, an'the sweetest flower that grows".
He knew that anything a brainy little lady like her had to say would be plumb important, as well as pleasin'to the ear, and he didn't want to miss a word of it.
"Well?
After a time, he straightened again, brushing the red Permian dust from his hands, slapping it from his six-dollar levis and his tailored, twenty-five-dollar shirt.
He was handsome, with his coal-black hair and eyes, his fine-chiseled features.
He caught her eye, came back around the car with the boot-wearer;
Now, are you going to take me or am I supposed to walk"?
For God's sake"!
"I" -- She broke off, frowning.
The car lurched along at a snail's crawl, the left-front mudguard banging and scraping against the tire, occasionally scraping against the road itself.
It was payday for Highlands, and he was packing a lot of money back into the oil fields.
He said.
"I know you've got a grudge against me, and maybe I can't blame you.
Not immediately, as the deputy demanded.
Now, he could only play the last card in what was probably the world's coldest deck.
And he could no longer think of face-saving, of honor, but only of escape.
He couldn't see;
Donna, his young wife, the girl who was both daughter and wife to him.
There was some idle talk, a listless discussion of this or that small happening during the day's drive.
Conchita kept an eye on the twins and little Elena, trying to keep them from falling into the creek by which they persisted in playing.
You too, Sean!
At the moment, the three men were not saying much of anything.
"Wait a little while.
"A year, Luis?
"But to take him and leave his mother behind is not good".
Like Luis, I can't see something like this happening to me.
Finally Luis Hernandez said, "What must be, must be.
The others put on old coats or ducking jackets, whichever they carried behind their saddle cantles.
It was dark early, because of the storm.
With Red Hogan, he rode to the Welcome Cafe.
He hardly noticed the blue-green flashes of lightning and the hard claps of thunder.
It was not until he moved across the porch that he became aware of them, and then it was too late.
The other five Slash-B men followed them inside, crowding the small room.
He lifted the skirt of Macklin's coat, took his gun from its holster, tossed it onto the desk.
Come on -- the key.
"Get it out", Brannon ordered.
They returned to the street, mounted their horses, rode through the rain to the big house on Houston Street.
They brought to it all the odors that clung to men like themselves, that of their own sweat, of campfire smoke, of horses and cattle.
A split second later, the distant crack of a rifle had sounded.
He was a man, those neighbors testified later, who didn't have a friend in the world.
"That's all I ask"!
Prosecutor Baird immediately assumed he was hiding out there after the shooting and began preparing an indictment.
Publicly, he denied everything.
"Fred was mighty crude about the way he took in cattle" his own hired man, Andy Ross, mentioned later.
And he collapsed and died instantly.
"Exterminatin'cow thieves is just a business proposition with me", he'd blandly announce.
"But well, it just don't seem sportin'somehow"!
The lesson had been learned.
Jury, judge and executioner were riding the range in the form of a single unknown figure that could materialize anywhere, at any time, to dispense an ancient brand of justice the men of the new West had believed long outdated.
The mere fact that the tall figure with the rifle and field glasses had been seen riding that way was enough to frighten three rustling homesteaders out of the Upper Laramie country in a single week.
By 1898, rustling losses had been driven down to the lowest level ever seen in Wyoming.
Tell her to come here to the hotel".
He turned and looked around at the lobby as though seeing things he hadn't before noticed.
The fact that Jess's horse had not been returned to its stall could indicate that Diane's information had been wrong, but Curt didn't interpret it this way.
Again he stood in the darkness listening, but there was only the scrape of a shod hoof on a plank floor.
The startled animal let out a terrified squeal and thrashed around in the stall.
A match flared, and he reached above his head to light a lantern which hung from a wire loop.
You won't be needing this".
There was raw fury in his eyes, and the veins of his neck were swollen.
one with blood all over it, Arbuckle's blood".
"Having all the guns makes you a big man, don't it, Adams?
Curt, angry enough to be a little reckless, raised his hands shoulder high.
Somewhere in the distance, a woman screamed.
Pain shot up Curt's arm clear to the shoulder, but Jess seemed hardly aware that he had been hit.
so the pitchfork whistled over Curt's head.
Curt caught him flush on the nose with a blow which started at the floor.
"You mean anyone who stood up for his rights", Curt said.
"Who's in there"?
Curt followed, reaching behind him to shut the door and hook it.
"Sally", admonished her mother, "you've got all evening to visit with Dan.
there he could shave and scrub himself up for the evening.
"Nate"!
Slipping her hand in his, they silently watched the Burnsides make the bend in the road and disappear from sight.
"What about Burnsides"?
The wound in his scalp was examined, pronounced healing, and well doctored with simples, before they dished up the victuals.
"Come spring, you'll be kicking up your heels and feeling coltish again too, gal".
But she couldn't, not yet.
No sooner were they through and the guards posted, than the whole camp turned in for a night of sound sleep.
Leaning forward in her chair, Gran nearsightedly scrutinized Dan's face.
"But the sun'll fry it out'n me onct we git to rolling".
Besides,'tain't no more'n right for me to follow with my black oxen, so's I can unhook and pull up fast if either of you get in a pinch".
Men crowded the streets and freight rigs and teams were moving about.
Separating, they took different sides of the main drag and systematically combed the bars.
Against all expectation, Carmer was inside, clearly enjoying himself to the hilt and already so tipsy that it seemed unlikely he was bothering to note anything or anyone about him.
"He's there", he got out tersely, curbing his rising excitement.
Looking the setup over, Stevens started coolly for the rear of the place.
Small rooms, probably for cards, opened off on either side.
Russ gave him a brutal thrust that tumbled him over flat on his stomach.
Straightening up, his eyes ablaze, he held out the battered Stetson.
We can soon tell".
Pausing in the outside door to glance behind him, Pat looked his unspoken warning and stepped out.
"I'll shove along home".
"But I still think Penny's an awful nice girl, Russ" --
He asked himself.
So far as he knew, only his father could be there.
If he wondered whether the attackers would allow him to pull away unmolested, he had his answer a moment later.
He had not covered a hundred yards before a gun crashed from somewhere behind.
Sweeping a look around, he saw that he was safe for the moment.
Cricket took eight ships and went south across the Straits and along the north coast of Mindanao to Cagayan.
The truck dropped them off at the various revetments spread through the jungle.
"Yeah.
The control tower gave him immediate take-off permission, and the clean roar of the engine that took him off the rough strip spoke well of the skill of Donovan.
They would have to go west through the narrow river valley that separated Leyte from Samar and hope that it didn't close in before they returned.
If the other pilots were worried, they did not show it.
His earphones were constantly full of the sounds of enemy contacts made by other flights.
Greg went up tight against the ceiling and led them back to their pass to home.
The same old question.
But it also made him conspicuous to the enemy, if it was the enemy, and he hadn't been spotted already.
Let's make sure first".
Greg pushed the radio button again.
"They're Japs.
A hell of an altitude for a barrel roll, but it could be done.
Perfect, he thought.
It did not seem possible that they hadn't been spotted.
The Jap's propeller flew off in pieces.
He held the controls where they had been.
I waved with discretion and moderation to the vague golden faces fading through rising dust and the distortions of the back window glass.
Still nursing anger I listlessly thumbed a car that was slowly approaching, its pre-war chrome nearly blinding me.
How far I knew will shortly become apparent.
"No, I don't", Johnson said.
"In back, buddy", the driver said to me.
But it was only Johnson reaching around the wire chicken fencing, which half covered the truck cab's glassless rear window.
Johnson was trying to grab the wheel, though the swerve of the truck was throwing him away from it.
I regained my squatting position behind the truck cab's rear window.
The beer foamed furiously.
I tossed the bottle.
But Johnson couldn't quickly unwire the truck door, and if I escaped, he might suffer.
Looking back I saw a gray-haired man getting out of his halted car and trying to read our license number.
I quickly turned around and began to drink.
"No, I remembered reading about you in the papers and that you lived here, and when it happened all I could think of was" -- This time she stopped the rush of words herself.
Would you like a drink, or coffee"?
"I forgive" --
I cried.
In a waterfall and all that".
"I couldn't agree with you more".
Their product had been endorsed by Good Housekeeping, the A.M.A., and the Veterinary Journal, among other repositories of higher wisdom, and before much longer if you didn't have a cake of their soap in the john, even your best friends would think you didn't bathe.
"Yes, he didn't.
But I'm pleased to hear" --
There's a walk there that goes out to Quebec Drive.
Or at least not to Joyce.
"Itch"?
I shook my head.
You'd better hurry".
I spun about and clattered through the front room to the door.
Two uniformed officers, a couple of plain-clothesmen I knew, and two other men stood on a gray cement area next to the pool on my left.
Present at the scene -- in addition to the dead man, who was indeed Louis Thor -- had been Thor's partner Bill Blake, and Antony Rose, an advertising agency executive who handled the zing account.
Actually, only two men know what the formula is, Blake and" -- He stopped and looked at Thor's body.
Too many people think that the primary purpose of a higher education is to help you make a living;
The arrangement turned out to be excellent.
She looked more like twenty-five or six.
That she impressed me instantly was obvious;
I felt that her eyes were undressing me as if she were a painter and I a nude model.
some women with father fixations do.
I bent and kissed the still pink neck and suddenly she jumped up, and her two arms encircled me in a bear-like crush.
"You're the man.
She raised a protesting hand with a startled air.
In those days poems often told a story in verse and those boys had some corkers to tell;
When I show up he will know you are a good wife to have told him about it".
I heard subsequently that my Uncle and Aunt had dinner in a nearby restaurant in the French Quarter after which he went home to get into his costume to keep the date.
I exclaimed.
A card to Walter would get him an introduction to this Meredith, and that might be good for something.
His four weeks in Italy had turned into nearer three months.
Not by the 11:00 sun which had spread a warmth around his spot of grass in the English Gardens and sent him off to sleep;
To this meek conjugation Nicolas had replied, "O.K. I can use this blanket.
His advice, his voice saying his poems, the fact that he had not so much as touched her -- on the contrary, he had put his head back and she had stroked his hair -- this was all new.
"His address", Walter added, "is that great foundling home, the American Express.
He began sweating.
Twenty minutes later she was at the desk of the Grafin's pension, her tears dried, signing a hotel form and asking for a bath.
Meredith was irritated when the Grafin knocked at his door and told him, "She is a great beauty!
In the small gallery used as the guests'dining room, Meredith sat down at his place and, as always, began teasing the young waitress.
As she was rather tired this evening, her simple "Thank you for the use of your bath" -- when she sat down opposite him -- spoken in a low voice, came across with coolnesses of intelligence and control.
Like as if it were built of books".
Meredith's voice was always deep, with rough bass notes in it;
The third time rather urgently.
The third time rather urgently.
He commanded from his raw throat, and felt the pain of movement in his cracked, black burned lips.
The water was warm and stale and had a brackish taste.
She asked smolderingly.
She scoffed.
Somewhere, we'll hit a trail".
Actually, she had hated him before she ever saw him.
"They wouldn't have sold me in the first place if there'd been food enough to go around".
The valley lay clear, and open to the eye, right up to the sharp-limbed line of gaunt, scoured hills that formed the horizon twenty miles ahead.
The clouds bulged downward and burst suddenly into a great black funnel.
The dangerous current upon the prairie ceased, but the water stood and kept on rising.
Now and then, the glistening side of a half-swamped object showed as it swept past.
She did not call out.
He let down the tailgate and was knocked over by the sluice of water.
A terrible, numbing sense of futility swept over him.
Their jams and jellies had not suffered.
He drew a long breath and opened the trunk and hung out her clothes and spoilables upon the wagon ribs.
Heave on those ropes;
Already our leaky lifeboat was filled with five inches of water.
"God help us if we're near the island of Eromonga.
Of course, males play a role there, but believe me when I say you wouldn't enjoy yourself one bit on Eromonga.
we had drifted closer.
It was embarrassing to see strapping, blonde Brassnose comport himself like a child who talks about bogeymen.
In ngandlu.
Thirty minutes later, the outrigger grated on sand and other girls, waiting on shore, rushed forward to pull it up on the beach and make it fast with vine ropes to a large boulder.
I looked with revulsion at the legs.
We are very proud of it".
They despise males who brag of their strength;
My last impression as they led him off to a stockade was of his pale face
But in the middle of the last century an island woman named "Karipo" seized a spear in the heat of an inter-tribal battle and rallied the women after their men had fled.
"Karipo's women then named this place'Eromonga'-- manhood -- for just the strongest men could stay here.
For a moment his hatred toward drunken or careless drivers softened.
"Nope, just you, all the time -- sometimes I think it's the only way I'll ever get a decent partner".
"If you want to see something, he's back on the other side by the trunk of the car".
Every so often the diminishing sound of a car came under the trailer as it slowed down for the wreck then speeded up again as it got clear.
He had never seen her before, but now he thought of the manner in which he and Benson went in and out of the cities, at each end of their run.
She began to watch a blonde-haired man, also in shorts, standing right at the rear of the wrecked car in the one spot that most of the crowd had detoured slightly.
The laces were broken at the bottom of the eyelets but there was still a bow knot at the top.
It was simply a matter of curiosity, a natural right to examine.
The man had spoken only once.
Ramey's fist and the air expelled from the man's collapsing cheek made a hollow pop in the air like cupped hands clapping together.
Even yet there was no realization in his eyes.
The girl kneeled by her husband with one arm at his back.
A shine in her eyes suddenly became tears and she turned back to her husband again.
"All right, step back"!
It was only then that he turned to look at Penny.
And for the hundredth time that week, he was startled at her beauty.
"The snake was beautiful, wasn't it"?
You love this village and these stinking brown people because they're God's creatures, too.
She softly let herself into the bed, and took her regular side, away from the door, where she slept better because Keith was between her and the invader.
Wing Commanders in the RAF do not imply survival in the future either in their orders or in their attitudes, to their men or to themselves.
He enjoyed killing.
He was aware of her as a frightfully good-looking American WAC, a second lieutenant assigned to do the paper work, (regardless of how important she might have thought she was) in the Command offices, but that was all.
No dates or hand-holding.
There was a shattering, cracking sound as the concrete started to buckle, the air filled with dust and flying debris, and everyone in the room -- men and women hit the floor and used the desks as turtlebacks, as ordered.
She came from Ohio, from what she called a "small farm" of two hundred acres, as indeed it was to farmer-type farmers.
When they got to Shillong, in Assam, he was happy.
They came upon cheetal deer at woodland pools.
He was frowning.
"The equipment was fine", Rob stated, standing up.
"No, it wasn't that", Rob said.
Not right away".
"Anyway", Waddell went on.
Mr. Forsythe exclaimed.
He was thinking, big deal: skipper on his drunken fishing parties for seven years and no better off than when I started.
"I do not drink so much, thank you".
"I agree, yes".
Waddell asked, frowning.
"But surely you have misunderstood Mr. Roy.
Herr Schaffner said.
"On the basis of the facts".
This will help him to get out of his little tackle shop.
"By God", Waddell said, "we don't want to upset the boy at this time of all times.
Fear and relief mingled in his churning emotions.
And make my life different and better from this time on.
Anyway, I wasn't down long enough to matter.
He had no doubt the marine was the lead scout of a column, and while his shot had probably bred indecision, they would soon come hunting.
His comrades were all dead.
The marine came to the edge of the green jungle mist and stayed, as though debating whether to brave the sunlight.
The marines let him advance.
faint creaking of belts and slings;
The shot reverberated in diminishing whiplashes of sound.
It ended when he tumbled;
They could come on him now without difficulty.
With a snakestrike motion he grasped the hair, and, twisting, pulled the marine over on his back.
Then there was no saying how many times the marine had blown his nose on the handkerchief.
The marine blinked, soon dropping his hand.
"Be a good turtle".
The sun was noon high and Matsuo perspired until his body was dripping.
The marine yelled and flung the hand away.
The marine, hands on cheeks, rolled by his unwounded side onto his stomach.
Then he astonished Matsuo by pushing and dragging himself until he sat.
The marine nodded vigorously.
Popping upright, the marine waved both hands and shouted.
His head slumped.
Only Blue Throat and his gang stayed where they were.
He didn't stop till he was within three feet of Blue Throat and by that time the gang leader's right hand was on the butt of his revolver.
His head snapped round and he reeled back, crashing into the table where his buddies were sprawling.
Another took off his gun belt and flung his weapons to the floor.
Blue Throat won't stand for this.
Any posse riding down the street to demand Blue Throat's surrender would be wiped out with one deadly burst of fire.
Blue Throat's men spotted him and a hail of bullets splintered the store fronts and board walk as he passed.
He was the lawman who survived more gunfights than any other famous gun-slinging character in the book.
Billy decided to set an example by arresting one of the ranchers, named Ed Dunn, who lived at Rock Fort.
Seated near it with his back to the door was the rancher, Ed Dunn.
The men behind them were Bill Doolin and five of his gang -- every man a killer.
One false move on his part and he would be a dead man.
Even as he spoke those words Billy Tilghman's life hung on a thread.
she would talk to him in a soothing voice about things his mother would have said were not nice and put her hands on him and kiss him passionately.
Miss Langford (her first name was Evelyn) was an attractive girl.
He thought for a moment his heart had stopped beating.
"What's the matter, honey"?
"Don't you play hard today then.
Charles said as they picked their way over the rocky road which led up the hill away from the Dixie Highway, through a corn field and a patch of woods to the school.
"How'd you do it"?
If you'd get out of your back yard once in a while you might even get her your ownself".
The children grudgingly stopped playing then and straggled into the schoolhouse.
"Maybe", Jack said idly, watching for Miss Langford.
"It was my fault".
"I don't believe I'll play any more neither".
"All right, if you can't do your arithmetic during school hours you can do it after school is out", Miss Langford said firmly, not smiling.
It is almost time for and calinda to begin".
He proudly wore the blue livery of her house, for the girl was Madame Delphine Lalaurie, wife of the prominent surgeon, Dr. Louis Lalaurie, who bore one of the South's oldest and most cherished names.
The woman eyed the youth with the avidity a coin collector might display toward a rare doubloon which is not yet in his collection.
Mrs. Lalaurie impatiently propelled the slave toward her waiting carriage.
Prieur has gout and depends on Louis'pills and bleedings.
"Be quiet, Devol!
Really, you are most indiscreet to drive him here yourself", he said, frowning with displeasure.
Besides, her endearments and caresses in the carriage had been new and stirring experiences to the simple youth.
It was Dandy Brandon, clad only in a bloody loincloth, emaciated and quaking as if the devil were breathing hard on him.
Delphine stood like stone, her eyes alive with hate as she looked down at the sheeted corpse.
Such a pitiful end"!
The girl was not more than 16.
There ain't nobody askin'for your ticket stub, neither".
He was pressed far back into the corner of the car on his hay sacks, the rattling and tinning of the wheels on the rails almost covering the sound of his ocarina.
A poet, yet!
"None of that.
"I vowed to take care of you -- and that's what I'm gonna do.
Feathertop made an elaborate motion with his hand.
He grinned at them wolfishly.
it had been a long, hot while since he'd seen anything as nice as this within grabbin'distance.
They lapsed into silence, and the freight wallowed up a hill, scooted down the other side, shaking and clanking to itself.
Joviality suffused Feathertop Ernie Cargill's voice as he reached behind him, pulling out a battered carpet bag, with leather handles.
"Yeah, but what're we gonna eat?
"I self-served".
This time even she did not answer.
The girl still did not raise her eyes, but she added simply, "I'm pregnant".
Oh crap!
From the man who had leaped in from the high bank outside, as the train had slowed on the grade.
He guzzled down three-quarters of the strong home-blend and proffered the remainder.
"Maybe you and me will, girlie, but these two ain't goin'nowhere".
Then they were tumbling again, and the big man reached into the same pocket he had gone for earlier, and came up with a vicious switchblade.
The Old Man was unimportant.
It went to church on Sunday and one Saturday a month went to confession.
"But she shouldn't have come here in the first place", the women had said.
Calloused fingers, caressed only by the smoothness of polished rosaries, had swayed excitedly beneath puckered chins where tiny black hairs sprouted, never to be tweezed away.
) And his eyes -- those miniature sundials of variegated yellow -- had not altered their expression or direction.
To him they were one and the same.
That was Bartoli's shop.
It was as though he had made a pact with the devil himself, but it was not yet time to pay the price.
He would not ride the eight-thirty local to the city each morning.
"Laura, what would you say if I smoked a pipe"?
He was never sure they fully took him in.
But the goat would not.
The Old Man near the corner let the shadow pass over him, sensing something portentous in it.
The room filled with smoke, and Maggie's head throbbed with excitement and fatigue, but Stuart had such a happy, earnest look of proud possession on his face that Maggie couldn't bear to do anything to quench it.
Mr. Clifton would have preferred death and bankruptcy to having his son stay with his wife's people without contributing to his and his family's upkeep, and besides that there were the things that had to be bought for the baby, milk and orange juice and vitamins and soap, just plain soap.
Maggie said.
Let's make a list of your assets".
"It's too elaborate.
"What are you going to do with your feet so you don't waste anything"?
The jobless huddled in the streets outside of employment offices, outside newspaper buildings, in parks, in relief lines, outside government agencies.
it was the theme song of millions of American people, their personal problems no less urgent than those of the government.
The pipes burst and they all laughed and stood in ice water to their ankles while they swabbed the bathrooms.
"You're working up to something, and if you don't watch out you'll ruin your whole life one of these days just to prove that the Abernathy family is superior to everything, even a depression".
Didn't you read it?
"We will both go back, Laban"!
"Indeed you are!
You know it and I'll tell everybody exactly how it happened".
Returning to the log-house he found some favorite lines from Jonathan Swift on his lips:
"You've told God, Frank", he said.
"To absent loved ones".
I heard you"!
Gunny invariably tried to bite her.
Jenny's aversion to having Dr. Dunne, a former admirer, seemed silly to him, but he would humor her, get anybody she wanted, the best never being too good for her.
"She was mighty good to you past times, an'this'll fetch her".
Of course she wasn't herself right now, but as her strength came back her spirits didn't seem to rise with it.
Though he was glad she got on well with his young folks, she ought to be welcome at the finest house in the land, too.
"
She'll relish the sight of a friendly face.
Adelia was the good one, or, if not always good, less frequently tempted.
But I would have gone anyway, thought Henrietta.
The birds were really awake now in a colloquy of music, and light was beginning to creep across the room, touching sill and door, table and chair and all of Doaty's flowers in their artificial blossom and leaf.
Feeling suddenly neat and subdued, she dressed quite soberly and went downstairs.
To a Blackwell, there was only one church.
"It's my dryin'out time".
He straightened himself, soldierly against the wall, and pulled his sprawled feet together so they stood side by side in their old boots.
Next to the Blackwells, Titus had owned the island most, and she and Adelia had often stood in front of him, silenced by his terrible years -- a scanty man with a thin beard and very deep-set blue eyes like a mariner, more aged than possible.
"Left mine many a time, only she never knew it.
She smiled vaguely at Henrietta and spoke to the old man.
His grand-daughter sighed.
The woman (she must have been a tiny baby when Hetty and Delia had stood arm in arm, watching great age grow small) answered the nod with her own.
She felt mindless, walking, and almost easy until the church spire told her she was near the cemetery, and she caught herself wondering what she would say to Doaty.
all their men were bearded, and many of their women were beautiful.
she was already considering putting in rebellious requests for duty at San Diego, Bremerton, the Great Lakes, Pensacola -- any place the Navy had a hospital -- with a threat to resign her commission if the request were not granted.
This was one of the Navy's crossroads -- you find them all around the world.
Probably off one of the carriers -- an aviator.
"I beg your pardon"!
Then she jerked her thumb toward the door in a very American gesture, and dropped into Navy slang.
There are Spanish girls who look like Tommy Momoyama, brunettes with a Moorish hint of the Orient in their faces;
the other was with her American husband and their exceptionally appealing children.
There was more to service in the Navy Nurse Corps than the hours in the ward.
She certainly looked Japanese, and perhaps she could not really blame the young men.
In his opinion, Doc had not grown up.
He may not rise to the heights, but he can get by, and eventually be retired.
"Come over and have a drink.
Perhaps golf, with a fashionable companion -- but he'd lost his clubs, hadn't played in years.
"Tough", Buzz said, "Listen, we're having a stag dinner over at the Pagan Room on Friday.
Ahah, he thought, a lush divorcee at last.
"You see", she said, looking past him into the room, where the highball glasses sparkled dully in the bright light, "you and I can't understand the many hardships they have to undergo".
She smiled in a sickly-tolerant fashion.
"I'm sure the hotel doesn't know you're wandering around the corridors, knocking on strangers'doors and talking down Eskimos".
Mrs. Gertrude Parker drew back.
It sounded silly;
"Probably down at the bar.
She stood indecisively for a moment, then walked down the hall;
the glisten of the Truckee River made a wide spangle.
They all had the hard look of gamblers who had stopped dreaming, who automatically turned the cards, hardly caring what showed up.
He was a little more authentic than usual because he smelled slightly of the stables.
"Nice to know you.
This proved conclusively that The Wrangler was a jinx, so he walked on down to Hurrays, an even more glorified gambling den than the Golden Calf.
He read a special announcement whereby Hurrays would feature a special floorshow at three A.M. starring Adele (The Body) Brenner and fourteen glamorous schoolgirls.
"I'm allergic to Tahoe", Owen explained.
I'll make them dance the tango.
"Is there any word you would like to offer in your own defense"?
Hostile glances were flashed at both Alexander and Gansevoort.
"Have him come in".
He bellowed orders and watched the alert response of some of his men and watched, too, the way a dozen or more turned their heads questioningly toward the shackled figure as though for further instruction.
Spencer's potential followers were openly sullen and morose, missing muster without excuse, expressing in ominous tones their displeasure at the prisoners being kept in irons, communicating with the three by glance and signal.
"Well", Heiser ventured, "why don't we hold an investigation with questioning and" --
As soon as that one man is appointed by himself or the others or by a signal from Spencer, we are going to be rushed.
And we are positive of so few and suspicious of so many".
How had he failed?
To have someday that love returned was what he had lived for.
"Are you, Cromwell"?
Now Spencer, seeming with effort to shake himself from lethargy, spoke.
The red-haired captain, towering above the prisoner as a symbol of decency and authority, was shocked to find himself looking with sympathy upon Philip Spencer.
I have nothing to gain by defending Cromwell".
It was fantastic to turn from the seven men in shackles to the wardroom, where a class of apprentices awaited him.
He had a pinkish-white complexion, a small straight nose, a short black beard, and tightly curled paot.
She led me into a twisting side alley.
We stepped inside.
The boys were tiny.
I stared at him for a long time.
Rachel followed, looked at me, and clucked with her tongue.
Rachel said, "He asks for money".
"Most of our Sabras think it's horrible.
I resented them.
But when she saw the children you have just visited, she wanted to take them away and put them out in the country, in the kibbutzim.
She took it with her wherever she went;
I said quietly, gaining nerve, ready to ask any question at all, no matter how intimate, ready to be rebuffed, "Then why did she leave Israel?
There was a man here in town.
Then he would walk off for a few days alone in the direction of Europe.
It was silent in the stone alley.
I asked her if she would, and she said she would not.
For one whole week he never let her stay alone.
That had been how she imagined it.
He had taken her all right.
So you sit in the car and listen to the air run out and listen to the rain and see the mud in front of the headlights, waiting for you, for your new spectator pumps, waiting for you to squat by yourself out there in your tight skirt, crying and afraid and trying to get that damned son-of-a-bitch tire off, because that is being an old maid too, if you happen to drive a car, it is changing the tire yourself in the night, and in the mud and the rain, hating to get out in it but afraid to stay and afraid to try to walk out for help.
Even if that's all the promise he ever gave or ever will give, the giving of it once was enough and you believed it then and you will always believe it, even when it is finally the only thing in the world you have left to believe, and the whole world is telling you that one was a lie.
And you wonder if that is why the little man lost his job and his car and stayed drunk about a year before he straightened out and moved to St. Louis, where he got to be a big unhappy success.
He was good and they knew that what he was doing for them he would do all over the United States some day.
Back at the Factory-to-You with the other old maids, back there she was the youngest clerk and she was thirty-four, which made her young enough to resent the usual ideal working conditions, like the unventilated toilet with the door you had to hold shut while you sat down.
He also drew precise crisp spots, which he sold to various literary and artistic journals, The New Yorker, for instance, or Esquire.
I said, "Mr. McKenzie, it is as authentic as careful research can make it".
he sold perhaps three or four a year, and usually all to Joyce Monmouth or her friends.
none of us did.
It looked to me as though he had everything an artist could want, joy in his work, standing in the profession, a large and steady income.
I had a long talk with him.
He made a circle with his thumb and fingers.
I asked.
"Osric Pendleton"?
I've always admired him, and when I heard he was taking a few pupils, I went to him and joined his class".
In the Middle Ages, in the Renaissance, right up to the early nineteenth century, the painter was a giant in the world.
It was an awkward hour, but I didn't have to punch any time clock, and it only meant that sometimes I had to stay a couple of hours later at the drawing board to finish up a job.
Such a little thing to start with -- the car registration.
"I drive my own car by courtesy of Via"?
Had she been in such a turmoil that this had slipped her mind?
I made a lemon sponge, a light dessert, roasted a chicken, parboiled some frozen vegetables, so there would be something nice in the icebox for the weekend.
I did my shopping, had my dentist appointment, and from there I went to the women's lunch at our parish church where we discussed plans for the annual Christmas bazaar, so that dusk was beginning to gather when I drove home in the late afternoon.
Everything was as I had left it the night before last -- her portfolio and bag for town, her lingerie and dress and shoes laid out only her mink coat was missing.
And when she returned from taking her guests back to New York she had said, "All they talked about was Harvie Harvie this, Harvie that When they know the truth will they drop away from me, will I become a nothing"?
Sometimes she took the path that winds up around my cottage to the walk at the edge of the cliff.
Their eyes turned cold and accusing, even Via's.
I could tell them, but no one ever asked, why I had cried out so triumphantly at the sight of her body.
I added.
I waited.
A nice bachelor apartment in a place called the Lancaster Arms".
"Well, what about you, Carla"?
"Are your people still alive"?
My name's Carla Caneli.
Was she just naturally sloppy about everything but her physical appearance?
"Are those the only shoes you have, Sam"?
"And I don't know why you want to go on wearing that outfit", she said, making a face.
That day they loafed around, just getting the feel of the city.
And in the morning when he woke up at ten the church bells were ringing.
"I think I'll sleep in this morning", she said drowsily, and as she snuggled against him, he wondered if she ever went to church.
Just figures out of a tribal folklore.
But where?
"This afternoon let's take an air with them.
Agnese, smiling too, said, "'ello", and then more slowly, "I am happy".
Did many of Sam's countrymen live in boxcars in the bush?
Just as thousands that day in Portugal had seen the sun dancing in the sky, he had seen the same thing later in his own garden, and she turned to Agnese for confirmation.
Jobs would be lost and new faces would become prominent.
With the blue flesh of night touching him he stood under a gentle hill caressing the flageolet with his lips, making it whisper.
Yet she did not hesitate and only turned slightly, her neck tall as she looked in his direction, and continued on her way toward the end of the camp.
I will tell you to go, not begging.
The other women had come close now, their voices murmuring together until they stood buzzing in an angry knot, their threats mingling, rising, nagging at each other, each trying to make her indignation and anger felt.
"If you must flog someone, let it be her, your daughter.
I thought I dreamed of wolves fighting".
Is it for me to be forbidden the flesh you made grow on me?
Do you hear the anger of the whip's whine"?
They came out and held their games and races.
At times they would ride frenziedly through the camp, letting the women see their courage, how handsome they were in their regalia.
He and Sarpsis planned a great parade with the young men.
They leaned into the wind and seemed like one thousand-legged monster hurtling and plunging until suddenly they rose straight in their saddles and in one terrifying voice shouted, ejaculated their grotesque cry of war.
She jumped out onto the flat expanse of rock and, seating herself, shook her short-cut brown hair and tilted her chin far upward.
"Hello, Julie, how are you"?
It seemed too much trouble even to reach for the switch;
A fearful pain had come from his head, as if the water were coursing up through the blood vessels and expanding them.
He was on the verge of tears.
His fingers felt absurdly thick and clumsy.
He entered the hallway.
She stood gazing at him.
"Well, at least you won't have to do that", she was saying.
I just don't want anyone disturbed, Julie.
He leaned his head against the wood paneling behind him, but the vivid red images of pain inserted themselves against his eyelids.
"All right" She was staring at him.
He stood up.
To the manner born -- odd to have such a thought at a time like this;
"Forget we ever knew what"?
He relinquished her hand.
By myself I'll be fine".
What happened to you"?
No, really, right as rain.
He asked.
But I thought maybe Tony Elliott could pinch-hit for me.
"I'll take you out to dinner.
In the office you might have thought them only casual friends;
Susan ready"?
Jim's fine young face was an expressive one, too;
And will it be only a couple of weeks?
On the defensive, he added, "I wish you'd think what it must be like for her to be without Greg, to be a new widow, a young widow".
"I wouldn't even be surprised", she said unhappily, "if Myra tried to leave her with us forever".
"Don't yell at Susan", Lucy said.
Let's stay friends".
Jim said.
And when you get back from Grandma's, Cathy will be here to play with you.
The day was brilliant around her -- flower-scented, crisp with breeze -- yet her inner turmoil darkened it.
She said to herself, abandoning the cardinals and the cowbirds.
A row of little hangers waited for a child's clothes in the neatly empty closet;
"I can imagine"!
"I've been fixing up the guest room for Cathy".
Suddenly, seekingly, Lucy asked, "Mother, do you know something I don't know"?
Myra had no intention whatever of sending for Cathy in two weeks.
Cowbird Myra!
She opened the door.
His rock was special because no one on the beach could see him here.
Fearless.
"Let's talk about the beach.
"You just wait, Dad.
He felt strong as a giant.
And shivering with shame, he crawled to the narrow end of the rock and spat into the water.
"Isn't".
"I said Quint.
Not having said "hell" before, he stumbled a bit before gathering momentum.
She spouted a mouthful of water into the air.
He always did when people asked.
"I gotta go.
"You going to marry the King"?
Pugh.
that he personally had an IQ of 141 and was currently reading the Mushr to Ozon volume of the encyclopedia.
He snuck up on the ham like Maggie, gumming it with soft, stumpy teeth, then panting with thirst, lapping up the water in the lagoon, swelling up like a balloon, staggering home to be sick, while his mother said, "That does it.
She said sharks have no bones and shrimp swam backward.
He daydreamed on the rock while she swam and splashed around.
Fifteen days early -- isn't that wonderful"?
He'd tell Sabella about the nightmare.
Not that Linda was heartless, not that she would do anything prematurely or in bad taste any more than John Cooper would.
"Poor John"!
You still said "John-and-Linda", but as if you were speaking of a national catastrophe such as the depression or Dillinger.
Mousie Chandler had been to school with her someplace near Baltimore and tried to explain rather than defend her to the gang having lunch at Horne's.
Her hair never seemed to be in place and her skirts were never quite the correct length.
It probably wasn't hard for him to keep his nose to the grindstone with nothing but Edythe to come home to.
But he got ahead in business: on leave from his job to an important Washington assignment during the war;
Poor John".
It would be good for them to have a mother they need not be ashamed of.
"What did you do"?
"I'm behind John Cooper", Mr. Lovejoy said finally.
After the surprise was over, Linda was almost as pleased as anyone with John's good luck, though she agreed with Bobbie's decision some months later to move to Funk Furnaces.
It was past midnight and we were in bed when the phone rang.
"She's probably fallen asleep and doesn't hear the phone.
"Fifteen minutes, then!
I drove off through the cool darkness to Nadine's apartment and rang the bell, and in a few seconds a young girl opened the door.
The phone started ringing.
The receiver clicked in my ear.
But now she looked ugly.
He insulted Ken Thom"!
"How can you be so damn stupid?
"Well then, I'll get out" -- But she looked uncertain.
I had done all I was going to do.
Old Mr. Thom himself had stopped at the service station for a grease job, Wally confessed, and couldn't get one because there were cars on the pits waiting to be repaired.
But I couldn't help thinking that Nadine and Wally were getting just what they deserved.
I said I wished we were, too.
"I know we'd be pretty crowded.
But, in the end, we did.
"Virus infection nothing", she'd scream at him.
Nobody would even take his application.
But I swear to you from the moment I opened my eyes, I knew it was going to be a bad day.
A profession that brought me as good an income as mine wasn't to be sneezed at.
Her first class wasn't until ten, but she always got up to have breakfast with me.
Two interns and Dick Ishii, the other resident.
The ward was a small one, four beds, kept reserved for female alcoholics.
An ugly scar disfigured the somewhat familiar puffy face, already marred by the tell-tale network of broken red veins that heavy drinkers carry.
Turning toward the patient again, I -- I can't describe what happened to me then, except to say that I felt sick.
"What's this"?
Pete stood by with a slide and took the smear, sent it down to the lab with a request for the test.
"Well" -- I didn't -- I didn't ever want to see that woman again.
We'd been standing right outside Miss Bancroft's door and as I went to turn the knob to enter, I was surprised to find that the door was slightly ajar.
But we would like your permission to do -- that is, to go further if it proves necessary".
Mostly, it was fear, but this woman's voice didn't tremble and her hands were still on the coverlet.
I stared at her, almost speechless.
I gaped at her.
"Alice", she echoed mockingly.
As for coming back here -- well, I'll tell you the truth, I didn't even know where I was when I came to.
What she'd said was true -- in all these years, she'd never asked for anything from me.
Only the dive itself had any meaning.
That first time was good and it stuck with me.
I had champagne at Maxim's, then went into a cafe called the Jour et Nuit to ask the way to Montmartre.
I feel another of terrible urgency.
I sat waiting for Life to come along and sweep me up.
I was turning over the idea of a good debauchery when I dozed off.
Pretty soon a woman came along carrying a folded umbrella as a walking stick.
I didn't much care if she were there or not.
She must have seen the ring on my left hand.
"Now isn't it better to smile"?
I wasn't going to lug around a glass.
Then she said, "Allons", and we got up and went to my hotel without another word.
She looked good, with her short tousled hair and no make-up.
"The toothbrush Monsieur", he said, presenting it.
But I smelled the coffee, and thinking, What the hell, live dangerously, I decided I would scald my worries away.
I raised my eyes to look at her in the mirror.
We were not rushed.
The sommelier brought the wine first, a magnum instead of the bottle I had ordered.
Pictures in old Latin books returned to her: the Appian Way Today, the Colosseum, the Arch of Constantine.
Glad to be alone, Theresa climbed the splendid outdoor staircase that opened to her left.
Theresa sat with her letters in her lap, breathing Mediterranean air.
And how on earth did I ever get this letter anyway?
I'm supposed to care as much now as then, as much here as there, she realized, with a sigh.
Together with her mother, both of them tense with worry lest things should somehow go wrong.
"I hate to call the doctor but if this keeps up I'll just have to!
"Of course (George's letter continued), there are practical problems to be considered.
"
The man did not wish to leave.
Theresa Stubblefield, still holding the family letters in one hand, realized that her whole trip to Europe was viewed in family circles as an interlude between Cousin Elec's death and "doing something" about Cousin Emma.
She became aware that two Italian workmen, carrying a large azalea pot, were standing before her and wanted her to move so that they could begin arranging a new row of the display.
They even talked about Lucille down at the Young Christians'League where I spent a lot of time in Bible classes and helping out with the office work for our foreign mission.
Much as I love you -- well, a guy's a guy and Lucille's willing to -- to come across.
His smile was quick, and his eyes held some promised secret that made my knees go limp.
But he wouldn't ask her -- he wasn't the kind of man who would force his wife to submit to him against her will.
"It's so crazy", I told him once.
"Don't you dare".
And now he was seeing her.
So one week later, I surrendered to him in the little motel on Route 10.
"Uh huh.
"Stop worrying.
Of this, I had no doubt.
I'd never even petted with a boy, and after I met Johnnie he never touched me for the longest while, not until I all but threw myself at him.
"Uh-huh.
But I had looked forward so much to being with this church group.
I assumed Alma would get me there, but in the confusion of the meeting breaking up, we were separated.
A couple of the girls were laughing rather shrilly and I realized they were drinking.
C'mon, let's find out where they're keeping the glasses".
Strange faces, most of them, and I wasn't even sure all of them had come from the League meeting.
She had explained it -- something about summer people's eating out and not enough space in the units.
This is a sleeping capsule.
Meanwhile, he had this miserable cold, and as he leaned against the refrigerator, watching the rain make sandy puddles at his feet, the doctor's prescription for lots of sun seemed like a hollow mockery.
"Ah".
He took a yellow pill, only to choke on it, and went for the salami, only to find something alive in the refrigerator -- something pink and fuzzy.
Not that he had supposed, considering the evidence, that he was sharing this refrigerator with a member of the Beach Patrol.
Somebody had.
Just glad the rain's stopped".
I must remember to warn the girl next to you in Larkspur.
Run-down, iron-poor.
He got a red pill and a beer and then, on impulse, transferred the rest of his salami to her side of the refrigerator and scrawled "Be my guest" on the wrapping.
"I don't have a lemon".
I haven't seen her on the beach".
At two that morning, he was still walking -- up and down Peony, up and down the veranda, up and down the silent, moonlit beach.
She felt, and said, that sympathy only made people feel sorry for themselves;
"I'm not that anxious, but maybe that's why you're so fair".
There are two things here about Surviving in the Wilderness, and a book called'Tom Swift and His Speedy Canoe';
"Third!
Mike Deegan tossed his glove away and began to swing at the catcher.
Mike yelled to the catcher.
Maybe the answer was in his eyes.
He went back to touch home plate, turned and walked to the dugout without looking back.
The Anniston manager was coming over to the Riverside dugout.
"For God's sake", Mike said, waving the manager away.
Everyone in the ball park seemed to be standing and shouting.
"They're looking for trouble".
The pitcher wound up and the ball came in straight for Mike's head.
After the game, Phil was taking off his sweatshirt in the dressing room when Mike Deegan came in.
Now that's just fine!
Phil turned away and opened his locker, and then he heard Mike Deegan say: "You're yellow, Rossoff"!
You don't belong in professional baseball".
"I'm not saying you're yellow.
Phil started to say something but Eddie cut him short.
Or your fielding average.
And you've got to be ready to cut to ribbons anybody who wants to take your way of life away from you"!
"Okay.
"What for"?
"Hell, plenty of guys get let out and come back later.
He just didn't know what he was talking about, saying a thing like that.
"I'll talk to him, all right".
When he was twelve he took to reading St. Augustine and Aquinas, then Lao-tse, Confucius, Mencius, Suzuki, Hindu tomes by endless Krishnaists and numerous socio-archaeological papers.
His interest in the formal study of religion waned when he was sixteen and he substituted for it an interest in Asian affairs.
He was no longer able to relax in the presence of his parents and found it difficult to keep up a conversation with his mother or father, no matter the subject.
An American student named Charlotte Adams had refused to take notice of his evident aversion to people and had at last succeeded in getting him to talk to her.
Richard thought it a more promising remark than any made during the last conversation, but Charlotte's manner during the gatherings was more flippant and superficial than when she was alone with him and he was sure her remark would lead to nothing much better than the pointless words which had preceded it.
"Well I was able to do it", Charlotte said with no sign of irritation.
Oh, that's what I meant to tell you.
It was true;
He went through a gate to stand at the edge of the water and gazed at the two thin falls which dropped from large spigots high at the back of the pool.
Suddenly he emptied his pockets of all his coins and dropped them into the box before the seated Fudo and hurried back down both stairways and away from the temple, never looking back.
He pretended that the lath was a tractor and he would drag it through the dirt and make buzzing, tractor sounds with his lips.
I let the engine idle then, and I got down and went around the wheel and stood beside it.
The body caressed through my hands like cool satin, and my hands, usually tanned and dark, were pale beside it, and I asked it where the fire colors could come from the coolness of that body.
I saw it all at a glance.
My head began to ache, and the fumes of the tractor began to bother my eyes, and I hated the job suddenly, and I thought, there are only moments when one sees beautiful things, and these are soon crushed, or they vanish.
"Can I ride around with you"?
it was a big one".
"You know there are no poisonous snakes in this area.
The fire of the colors was gone;
I took the broken length of it around the tractor and I took one of the wrenches from the tool-kit and I struck its head, not looking at it, to kill it at last, for it could never live.
I could see the happiness in the boy's eyes, the gleeful brutality.
But due to the many applicants on file, would he co-operate and write a personal letter giving them his son's motivation, interests and his qualifications for leadership?
Besides, Cady Partlow knew he wasn't the old-grad-type.
Getting elected president of the student body took a lot of time and politicking.
"His interests range from astronomy and geology to electronics, tennis and swimming.
His eyebrow went up in amusement at his soul-searching panic.
Anne had a way with words.
Cady looked at Tom, who had taken him up and down for fifteen years.
"No.
Weakness in leadership.
Most people did.
Let's forget the rules".
Cady begged the question.
Get my old man to bed early.
"In a way, yes.
He just took over the week Bill Daley was in the state basketball play-off".
It isn't like you.
Anne smiled.
Cady appeared slightly mollified.
Can you really say his motivation for college is electronics"?
"Just because your father tried to make a banker out of you, you've leaned over backward to keep your hands off.
Remember what you used to say in the Army?
No doubt Dolores resented following in their footsteps.
Yet that had not seriously troubled him, not then.
) that he dropped the shorts on the floor.
The rest of the bedroom had been groomed to a superhuman neatness, but in the middle of the carpet lay the disheveled shorts.
He swung around, eyes toward the bedroom, some fifteen feet away.
A glissade of giggles slid over their voices.
And if he surrendered after raving at her.
He apologized so sweetly, I couldn't keep being annoyed with him".
Here they were at the mercy of anyone who chose to come by.
Once Martin went along.
They kept up a rigid pretense of speaking relations.
We were up to visit them and
Nothing would change, nothing would ever change.
The tale, he thought, would become less gay.
Ah, he thought, she's going through the chain of reasoning which says she might really just as well pick up my shorts too.
"You know, I've got one of your cars at home.
Mr. Willis bought Zenith Plastic Products, a skeleton corporation of sorts which had undergone many vicissitudes and whose principal assets were a couple of electronics plants on Long Island engaged in working out government contracts, and installed Freddy in an executive position.
Since they were hunting for national defense contracts, Adam Herberet, a man of surprising resources, entered the combination as a silent partner because of his political connections.
Mr. Willis, eager to have him allied with the family, wanted advice beyond the confines of his field, and William set out on a serious study of the situation, including trips to Wisconsin and Washington.
Here are a few facts and figures I've assembled.
I've caused him trouble before, and he's beginning to resent me.
Through Jack Hamrick, William fell into the world of automobile promotion and got several accounts for Shoals and Clay.
In addition to other defects, I'm a stubborn man and hate to admit to the common garden variety of bad judgment.
He was surprised and dubious, but impressed by the engineer and the report.
He paused.
"Oh, my God", Ham Richert said, "a little child shall lead them.
"Hear me out, please", William begged.
Ticonderoga folded a few minutes too soon, before the tide changed, still honest and stupid -- and the network of dealers the company had is around waiting to be signed up again -- waiting for us, ready-made.
"We'll try to swing the deal on that basis.
Good luck to you".
For it seems that Barco, fancying himself a ladies'man (and why not, after seven marriages?
During the return trip, Barco kept muttering to himself in meaningless phrases, such as: "They're under sand dunes They're better off, I tell you I saved their souls".
No one knew.
Welch summoned jail officials to Barco's cell.
"Is that so"?
Stopping the cars at a fork in the road, he got out, paced off a certain distance to a spot between two shrub-covered sand hills, and indicated a location.
"There's something here"!
Every new scandal which would provide more "copy" for Marshall's pen would thus mean more publicity for Welch.
One day over a year before, there had been a cocktail party in an apartment of a downtown hotel.
Then, noting neither the absence of his footwear nor the presence of the rosebuds, he made his way to the Byzantine room and, with his usual dignity, mounted the rostrum.
Now the Czarship had not affected my own sense of social values, but Mother had attained a reflected glory through it, which had opened the doors of Los Angeles-Pasadena Society to her.
I sat and watched proceedings.
I promised to illustrate the lecture, if they so much as breathed till after the call was completed.
They looked so formidable, however, so demanding, that I found myself staring at them in dismay and starting to woolgather again, this time about Francesca and her husband.
She patronized Greenwich Village artists for awhile, then put some money into a Broadway show which was successful (terrible, but successful).
I admired their easy way of doing things but I couldn't escape an uneasiness at their way of always doing the right things.
Sometimes, though, they did not seem quite human.
Yes, Blanche was very, very sweet -- being in her company was like being drowned in warm, melted marshmallows.
She it was who had looked to see if I was wearing shoes upon learning that I couldn't drive.
Each had developed a hair-trigger chuckle and the habit of saying "zounds"!
Pioneers!
They were, I felt, people invariably trying to prove not who, but what they were, and trying to determine what, not who, others were.
(Sometimes I think you need only one rule for cooking: if you can't put garlic in it, put chocolate in it.
The savage barbarian hordes of red Russian Communism descended on the Athens that was mighty Metronome, sacking and despoiling with their Bolshevistic battle cry of "Soak the rich'!
Again, my name was on all the front pages.
I point now with pride to the fact that, long ere the Committee on Un-American Activities, the Minute Women, the Economic Council and other such notable "watchdog" organizations were so much as heard of, I was Hollywood's leading bulwark against communism, fighting single-handedly "creeping socialism" against such insuperable odds as the Fascio-Communist troops of the NRA, PWA, WPA, CCC and an army of more than twenty-two million mercenaries whom F.D.R. employed secretly, through the transparent ruse of regular "relief" checks.
It was I who paid for our little home, the food, the liquor, the servants -- even Letch's bills at his tailor and the Los Angeles Athletic Club.
Her presence only made Letch more distant and irritable and, in the hurry of buying Chateau Belletch, I had neglected to consider a room for Baby-dear, so there was no place to put her, anyhow.
As Mrs. Letch Feeley, was it any wonder that I, once the social arbiter of Filmdom, was excluded from the smart entertainments given by the Astaires, the Coopers, the Gables, the Colmans, the Rathbones, the Taylors, the Thalbergs and such devout, closely knit families as the Barrymores and the Crosbys?
The "shooting" went on for eight months!
) The film was called The Diet of Worms, which I felt was just what Letch deserved.
Letch had returned from his debacle unrepentant and more badly behaved than before.
As a result, life had become a kind of continuous make-ready.
What in the world were you going to do with a lot of dogs when you left for town on Monday afternoons?
Did it take a man of sixty-five longer to write a letter, shave, clean out a barn, read a newspaper, than a man of thirty?
It was five minutes after four.
Add things as you find you need'em".
The old nightmare which had caused him so many wakeful hours came charging in on him once more, only this time he couldn't pacify it with a sleeping pill and send it away.
A workbench had a heavy top and sturdy legs, but how did you attach sturdy legs to a heavy top so that the whole thing didn't wobble like a newborn calf and ultimately collapse when you leaned on it?
Mr. Crumb was laid up with a bad cold.
If he was sober, which was doubtful, he'd have him get in touch with Mr. Crombie.
It all did look very efficient and shipshape.
Mr. Blatz sat down in the only unoccupied kitchen chair.
"Those are the things I can do, now that I'm set up".
And a witty American journalist remarked over a century ago what is even more true today, "Many a writer seems to think he is never profound except when he can't understand his own meaning".
Evidently Bill was another of those men who simply don't understand women.
"Good"!
Another stock vaudeville gag ran: "Mother is home sick in bed with the doctor".
View takes in five counties, two bedrooms".
The newspaper too is the favorite habitat of the anatomical.
When a witness at court was asked if he had been kicked in the ensuing rumpus, he replied, "No, it was in the stomach".
The maid demurred.
One species is restricted to statements which are neither explicit nor precise regarding a particular person, place, time or thing.
The daughter replied, "Oh, I had dinner with -- well, you don't know him but he's awfully nice -- and we went to a couple of places -- I don't suppose you've heard of them -- and we finished up at a cute little night club -- I forget the name of it.
Indefinite reference also carries double-meaning where an allusion to one person or thing seems to refer to another.
She inquired.
Finally he asked, "Do you object to petting"?
Two friends were talking.
"I have come to talk with you about the future of humor and comedy", I told him, at which he started slightly, and then made us each a stiff drink, with a trembling hand.
"I woke up this morning", Moreland said, "paraphrasing Lewis Carroll.
One woman -- she could have been either English or American -- went up to him and said,'But you are the foreigners'".
And then Eichmann was quoted as saying, in non-English, that Hitler's plan to exterminate the Jews was nonsense".
The sentimental pure heart of Galahad is gone with the knightly years, but I still believe in the heart of the George Meredith character that was not made of the stuff that breaks".
"I would say depressed, not impressed", I told him.
"If you are trying to get us out of the brothel, the dustbin, the kitchen sink, and the tawdry living-room, you are probably wasting your time", Moreland told me.
"Be careful of the word'gay', for it, too, has undergone a change.
And the sheep said -- all in unison, I have no doubt -- ba-a-a!
Nevertheless, like any other human being upon whom the spotlight of the world plays continually, Khrushchev, the anti-personality cultist, has become a comic actor, or thinks he has.
I said.
Forty years ago an English writer, W. L. George, dealt with this subject in Eddies of the Day, and said, as an example, that'Saint George for Merry England'would not start a spirit half so quickly as'Strike frog-eating Frenchmen dead'"!
They wanted to see what his back felt like -- the General's.
Arlene was so ashamed that she hung her head when she said, "Yes, sir".
"What is it"?
Asked one of the children.
Their curiosity went happily out of bounds.
But they kept on clapping for a long, long time.
He's old".
All they could think of was to run around in circles, kicking their legs out.
They also caught on a little bit on how to smile a lot without your lips trembling.
The children rushed off to get rid of their sweaters;
She would try to see over the bulge of her cheeks and somewhat under her teeth to the place where she was biting.
And awfully kind of Arlene", she told us later.
Then, my mother blushed at this small lie;
Sometimes, he coincided with my father's being at home.
We had just sat down.
He asked, between wheezes of laughter.
But this time she was nervous: she was open.
My mother was beside herself with curiosity.
Mr. Gorboduc looked down.
After a "busy" overture, the curtain rises on a farm scene -- the Ranavan Valley in northern Maine.
The terms are fairly safe to use on this side of the ocean, but before you start spouting them to your date, it might be best to find out if he was a member of Major Pockmanster's Delhi Regiment, since resentment toward the natives was reportedly very high in that outfit.
The music of Bini SalFininistas, capital LP Ab63711-r, one of the rare recordings of this titanic, yet unsung, composer.
For the last two years, this frontier of the arts has produced a number of so-called "non-dramas" which have left indelible, bittersweet impressions on the psyche of this veteran theatregoer.
Ever since Bambi, and, more recently, Born Free, there have been a lot of books about animals, but few compare with Max Fink's wry, understated, charming, and immensely readable My Friend, the Quizzical Salamander.
Cause of all this commotion: squat, pug-nosed, balding, hopelessly ugly Jean-Pierre Bravado, a Bogartian figure, who plays a sadistic, amoral, philosophic Tasti-Freeze salesman in old New-Waver Fredrico de Mille Rossilini's endlessly provocative film, A Sour Sponge.
In this work, his use of non-color is startling and skillful.
Above all, disabuse yourselves of any thought that I propose to vent moral indignation at your rifling my residence, to whimper over the loss of a few objets d'art, or to shame you into rectitude.
From the curio cabinet on its south wall and the bureaus beneath, you abstracted seventeen ivory, metal, wood, and stone sculptures of Oriental and African origin, two snuffboxes, and a jade-handled magnifying glass.
First of all, the six figures of the Buddha you heisted -- four Siamese heads, a black obsidian statuette in the earth-touching position, and a large brass figure of the Dying Buddha on a teakwood base.
Likewise the ivory Chinese female figure known as a "doctor lady" (provenance Honan);
Whosoever violates our rooftree, the legend states, can expect maximal sorrow.
In it was a stone Tibetan Buddha I had picked up in Bombay, and occasionally, to make merit, my wife and I garlanded it with flowers or laid a few pennies in its lap.
One morning, we discovered not only that the pennies were missing from the idol but that a cigarette had been stubbed out in its lap.
The beautiful, the satisfying part of his disintegration, however, was the masterly way the Buddha polished him off.
However one looks at it, therefore, I'd say that your horoscope for this autumn is the reverse of rosy.
She was a living doll and no mistake -- the blue-black bang, the wide cheekbones, olive-flushed, that betrayed the Cherokee strain in her Midwestern lineage, and the mouth whose only fault, in the novelist's carping phrase, was that the lower lip was a trifle too voluptuous.
