The grand jury commented on a number of other topics, among them the Atlanta and Fulton County purchasing departments which it said "are well operated and follow generally accepted practices which inure to the best interest of both governments".
Nevertheless, "we feel that in the future Fulton County should receive some portion of these available funds", the jurors said.
Four additional deputies be employed at the Fulton County Jail and "a doctor, medical intern or extern be employed for night and weekend duty at the jail".
It listed his wife's age as 74 and place of birth as Opelika, Ala.
State Party Chairman James W. Dorsey added that enthusiasm was picking up for a state rally to be held Sept. 8 in Savannah at which newly elected Texas Sen. John Tower will be the featured speaker.
When the gubernatorial campaign starts, Caldwell is expected to become a campaign coordinator for Byrd.
The department apparently intends to make the Rural Roads Authority a revolving fund under which new bonds would be issued every time a portion of the old ones are paid off by tax authorities.
Rep. Mac Barber of Commerce is asking the House in a privilege resolution to "endorse increased federal support for public education, provided that such funds be received and expended" as state funds.
"This was the coolest, calmest election I ever saw", Colquitt Policeman Tom Williams said.
"Everything went real smooth", the sheriff said.
The bill, which Daniel said he drafted personally, would force banks, insurance firms, pipeline companies and other corporations to report such property to the state treasurer.
-- Senators unanimously approved Thursday the bill of Sen. George Parkhouse of Dallas authorizing establishment of day schools for the deaf in Dallas and the four other largest counties.
I'm willing to stake my political career on it".
Two tax revision bills were passed.
An adverse vote of 81 to 65 kept in the State Affairs Committee a bill which would order the referendum on the April 4 ballot, when Texas votes on a U.S. senator.
Most of the fire was directed by Cotten against Dallas and Sen. Parkhouse.
Rep. Henry C. Grover, who teaches history in the Houston public schools, would reduce from 24 to 12 semester hours the so-called "teaching methods" courses required to obtain a junior or senior high school teaching certificate.
Dr. Clark holds an earned Doctor of Education degree from the University of Oklahoma.
The report called racial discrimination in employment "one of the most serious causes of family breakdown, desertion, and ADC dependency".
Several defendants in the Summerdale police burglary trial made statements indicating their guilt at the time of their arrest, Judge James B. Parsons was told in Criminal court yesterday.
"What this amounts to, if true, is that there will be a free-for-all fight in this case.
Karns said that the cases involved a matter "of even greater significance than the guilt or innocence" of the 50 persons.
He said this constituted a "very serious misuse" of the Criminal court processes.
Washington, Feb. 9
The payroll tax would actually rise to 7.5 per cent starting Jan. 1, 1963, if the plan is approved, because the levy is already scheduled to go up by 1 per cent on that date to pay for other social security costs.
Full payment of nursing home bills for up to 180 days following discharge from a hospital.
"This is not a program of socialized medicine.
The scholarship plan would provide federal contributions to each medical and dental school equal to $1,500 a year for one-fourth of the first year students.
He also asked Congress to approve establishment of a national child health institute.
Those who backed a similar plan last year hailed the message.
Enforce by demand
The general, remarkably courteous, explanation has left basic positions unchanged, but there has been no explosion in the council.
The Secretary of State himself, in his first speech, gave some idea of the tremendous march of events inside and outside the United States that has preoccupied the new administration in the past four months.
There is little optimism here that the Communists will be any more docile at the conference table than they were in military actions on the ground in Laos.
But with the months moving on -- and the immediate confrontations with the Communists showing no gain for the free world -- the question arises:
The Republicans some weeks ago served notice through Senator Thruston B. Morton (R) of Kentucky, chairman of the Republican National Committee, that the Kennedy administration would be held responsible if the outcome in Laos was a coalition government susceptible of Communist domination.
Very early in his administration he informed the Kremlin through diplomatic channels, a high official source disclosed, that the new administration would react even tougher than the Eisenhower administration would during the formative period of the administration.
But the Communists never gave sufficient provocation at any one time for the United States to want to risk a limited or an all-out war over Laos.
Washington
East Providence should organize its civil defense setup and begin by appointing a full-time director, Raymond H. Hawksley, the present city CD head, believes.
Mr. Hawksley said.
If the city council fails to consider appointment of a full-time CD director, Mr. Hawksley said, then he plans to call a meeting early in September so that a civil defense organization will be developed locally.
He will then appoint the study committee with Mr. Nugent's cooperation, the governor said.
It declares that Sunday sales licenses provide "great revenue" to the local government.
The lawyer with whom I studied law steered me off the Socialist track.
The law which governs home rule charter petitions states that they must be referred to the chairman of the board of canvassers for verification of the signatures within 10 days and Mr. Martinelli happens to hold that post.
"It has become our responsibility and I hope that the Citizens Group will spearhead the movement".
At the last session of the General Assembly, the town was authorized to adopt such an ordinance as a means of making enforcement of minor offenses more effective.
Now he's gone, the Republican Party is not going to be able to sell the tattered remains to the people of the state".
The audience last night did not respond with either applause or boos to mention of Hughes'remark.
"He calls for help while saying he is against centralization, but you can't have it both ways", Jones said.
Sen. Charles W. Sandman, R-Cape May, said today Jones will run well ahead of his GOP opponents for the gubernatorial nomination.
Mrs. Greenfield is president of the Westfield Women's Republican Club and is a Westfield county committeewoman.
Trenton
-- Richard J. Hughes made his Morris County debut in his bid for the Democratic gubernatorial nomination here last night with a pledge "to carry the issues to every corner of the state".
He urged New Jersey to "become a full partner in the courageous actions of President Kennedy".
Hughes said, "This is not a plan to conquer space -- but to conserve it", pointing out the state population has increased 125,000 each year since 1950.
A special presentation was made to Mrs. Geraldine Thompson of Red Bank, who is stepping down after 35 years on the committee.
These contend there is a serious question as to whether Mr. Wagner has the confidence of the Democratic rank and file in the city.
Screvane and Beame hailed
The taxi driver taking the visitor from the airport remarks that politicians in the state are "all the same".
A reader of the Boston newspapers can hardly escape the impression that petty chicanery, or worse, is the norm in Massachusetts public life.
The panel's action depends on the return of Representative James W. Trimble, Democrat of Arkansas, who has been siding with Speaker Sam Rayburn's forces in the Rules Committee in moving bills to the floor.
What could rescue the bill would be some quick progress on a bill amending the National Defense Education Act of 1958.
There are a number of ways this could happen, the churchmen pointed out, and here is an example:
"Same thing", he said.
The Communist countries allocated more than $1,000,000,000 in economic aid alone last year, according to Western estimates.
Formula is due this week
The latter two are half-brothers.
The Princess said it was too early to say what would be decided if no agreement was reached after three days.
He is married to the former Audrey Knecht and has a daughter, Karol, 13.
Within an easy walk from Capitol Hill where Pennsylvania Avenue comes together with Constitution Avenue, begins a series of great federal buildings, some a block long and all about seven-stories high.
In this historic square are several statues, but the one that stands out over the others is that of Gen. Andrew Jackson, hero of the Battle of New Orleans.
Jackson, Miss.
Certainly nobody will predict that the next time the lawmakers come back together Barnett will be able to enjoy a re-enactment of the strange but successful "honeymoon" he had in the 1960 legislative session.
And there has been no effort since the election to pull it back together.
The transition from segregation to finances might already be in progress, in the form of an administration proposal to hike the state sales tax from 2 per cent to 3 per cent.
He could terminate special sessions of the Legislature.
But if the administration should find it does not need the $28 million for a grant-in-aid program, a not unlikely conclusion, it could very well seek a way to use the money for other purposes.
This might be done to arouse those who have been squeezed out by the trims to exert pressure on the Legislature, so it would be more receptive to a tax proposal later in the year.
The city has sued for the full amount of the $172,400 performance bond covering the contract.
Intervenes in case
The bid from A. Belanger and Sons of Cambridge, Mass., which listed the same officers as Hughes, was $600 per joint.
"We want to find out who knew about it", Pratt said.
The cost of a license now is $2, with an annual renewal fee of $1.
He reported that the city's contributions for animal care included $67,000 to the Women's S.P.C.A.;
Victim of the accident was Robert Lee Stansbery, 39.
Would bar vehicles
Ignition sets off blast
Gladden had been the target of threatening telephone calls in recent months and reportedly received one last night.
-- Turkish political leaders bowed today to military pressure and agreed to form an emergency national front government with Gen. Cemal Gursel as president.
He is a graduate of Portland University and the Northwestern College of Law.
"The countries are trying to build in a decade the kind of society we took a century to build", he said.
The board members, after hearing the coordination plea from Mrs. Ralph H. Molvar, 1409 SW Maplecrest Dr., said they thought they had already been cooperating.
It was generally agreed that the subject was important and the board should be informed on what was done, is going to be done and what it thought should be done.
Last week the board, by a 4 to 3 vote, decided to ask voters whether they prefer the 6-3-3 (junior high school) system or the 8-4 system.
Incumbent Richard Salter seeks re-election and is opposed by Donald Huffman for the five-year term.
Many changes involved minor editing and clarification;
-- and His exaltation to the right hand of God.
Church loses pace
A capsule view of proposed plans includes:
Schwab also declared there is no proof of Weinstein's entering a conspiracy to use the U.S. mails to defraud, to which federal prosecutor A. Lawrence Burbank replied:
House throws wild
Hartman, purchased by the A's from the Milwaukee Braves last fall, allowed no hits in his scoreless three-inning appearance, and merited the triumph.
Jackie Brandt singled deep into the hole at short to start the rally.
Then Throneberry rapped into a fast double play.
He hopes to melt off an additional eight pounds before the Flock breaks camp three weeks hence.
Twenty-one-year-old Milt Pappas and Jerry Walker, 22, are scheduled to share the Oriole mound chores against the Bombers'Art Ditmar in Sunday's 2 P.M. encounter.
Unfortunately, Brooks's teammates were not in such festive mood as the Orioles expired before the seven-hit pitching of three Kansas City rookie hurlers.
8,280 attend races
Both were under the meet mark of 1.10.8 set in 1950 by Mal Whitfield.
While working out in Sylvania a swelling developed in the knee and he came here to consult the team physician.
Moritz is listed on the Longhorn roster as a right halfback, the position at which he lettered on the 1956 team.
I never did miss one in a playoff game -- I kicked about 20 in the five playoff games my last two years".
"It's kind of like golf -- if you don't swing a club very often, your timing gets off".
Last week, when Royal was informed that three Longhorns were among the conference's top four in rushing, he said: "That won't last long".
Meek expressed particular gratification at the defensive performances of end Happy Nelson and halfback Billy Gannon.
He really crucified him he nailed it for a yard loss".
"He's looking a lot better, and he's able to run", Meek explained.
Halfback Bud Priddy, slowed for almost a month by a slowly-mending sprained ankle, joined TCU's workout Monday.
"In fact our whole defensive unit did a good job".
The early Southwest Conference football leaders -- Texas, Arkansas and Texas A & M -- made a big dent in the statistics last week.
They now lead Louisville by a full game on top of the American Association pack.
Chuck Hinton tripled to the rightfield corner, Cliff Cook and Dan Pavletich singled and Gaines'infield roller accounted for the tallies.
Among the spectators was the noted exotic dancer, Patti Waggin who is Mrs. Don Rudolph when off the stage.
Turk Lown was tagged with the loss, his second against no victories, while Ray Moore won his second game against a single loss.
This was the first word from Jensen on his sudden walkout.
Ritchie walked up to him at the magazine stand.
Just when it seems baseball might be losing its grip on the masses up pops heroics to start millions of tongues to wagging.
I remember his beardown performance in a meaningless exhibition game at Bears Stadium Oct. 14, 1951, before a new record crowd for the period of 18,792.
Once the figure was 30-30.
It is an irritable rule that does baseball more harm than good, especially at the minor league level.
In the third Frank Robinson hammered a long home run deep into the corner of the bleachers in right center, about 400 feet away, with two men on.
Williams is a defensive coach.
Coach played 3 years
Shaw and Skorich headed a group of players, coaches and team officials who received an engrossed copy of an official city citation and a pair of silver cufflinks shaped like a football.
A crowd of 1,400 is expected for the ceremonies, which will be followed by the show in which the writers will lampoon baseball personalities in skit, dance and song.
The New York franchise is headed by Mrs. Charles Shipman Payson.
All was quiet in the office of the Yankees and the local National Leaguers yesterday.
Golf's golden boy
He merely became victimized by a form of athletics that respects no one and aggravates all.
Each of the four wayward shots cost him two strokes.
"Thirteen", said Long Jim.
Arnold sent for Joe Dey, the executive secretary of the golf association.
"I can remove the ball, can't I"?
But after that 12 at Los Angeles he became one of the boys, a bigger hero than he ever had been before.
"The Pirates showed they could outclass the field last year.
Harvey Haddix, set back by the flu this season, will start against his former Cardinal mates, who might be playing without captain Kenny Boyer in tonight's game at Busch Stadium.
With a lefthander going for Pittsburgh, I may use Don Taussig in center".
.
In 1958, the Birds were 3-10 on May 1.
Speakers at a Tipoff Club dinner dealt lavish praise to a group of St. Louis University players who, in the words of Coach John Benington, "had more confidence in themselves than I did".
Mankowski, the ball-hawking defensive expert, was cited for his performance against Bradley in St. Louis U.'s nationally televised victory.
Other lettermen from the team that compiled a 21-9 record and finished as runner-up in the National Invitation Tournament were: Art Hambric, Donnell Reid, Bill Nordmann, Dave Harris, Dave Luechtefeld and George Latinovich.
The Bears are set to play at Harris Teachers College at 3:30 tomorrow and have a doubleheader at Quincy, Ill., Saturday.
Now, apparently happier under new managers, Mays and Mantle, the perfect players, are behaving as though they're going to pass those previous peaks.
Inheriting a more mature Mantle, who now has seen the sights on and off Broadway, Ralph Houk quietly bestowed, no pun intended, the mantle of authority on Mickey.
The bride's brother, Walter D. Monroe Jr., will give her in marriage.
Mr. Wendell and his bride will live in his Lake Forest house.
Parichy-Hamm
Later, a bus will carry members to the Chicago Stadium to see Jack Kramer's professional tennis matches at 8 p.m.
Dec. 22 is the deadline for Mrs. Geraghty's return;
The Burkes, who now live in Kankakee, are telling friends of the engagement.
If W. W.'s retiring soon, as hinted, he ain't talking -- yet.
He's been warbling in severe pain;
Olivia De Havilland signed to do a Broadway play for Garson Kanin this season, "A Gift of Time".
Give generously when you buy candy today for the Brain Research Foundation.
Albert John Luthuli, awarded a Nobel prize for his South African integration struggles, has to get permission to fly to collect his honor.
That's our boy Bill.
Mr. and Mrs. Jerry Chase announce the birth of a daughter, Sheila, on Wednesday in Mercy Hospital.
The Bassis are leaving soon for their new post.
Mrs. Stanley Wright is ticket chairman and Mrs. Theodore Pate is in charge of publicity.
The job also covers a number of other items.
Mrs. Marr also has a number of parolees to "mother", watching to see that they do not break their parole and that they also learn to readjust to society.
My husband and I, a month ahead of the rush, have just finished a 7-day motor journey of 2809 miles from Tucson, Ariz., to New York City:
Some even boast two pools, one for adults and one for children.
He is a graduate of UCLA and Perkins School of Theology, Aj.
Her veil was caught to a crown, and she carried gardenias and stephanotis.
Dan Beam presented music and the bride was given in marriage by her father.
Mrs. H. J. Grinsfelder is chairman.
She says, "of course I've had the best.
Bundle centers
Louis Glazer is chairman of the men's committee that, among other jobs, takes over part of the responsibility for staffing the shop during its evening hours.
The women's committee of St. David's Church will hold its annual pre-Fair pink parade, a dessert bridge and fashion show at 1 p.m. on Monday, April 17, in the chapel assembly room, Wayne.
Mrs. John Charles Cotty is chairman of publicity for the country fair and Mrs. Francis G. Felske and Mrs. Francis Smythe, of posters.
The event is the sixth on the annual calendar of the local members of the National Council of Jewish Women.
Mr. and Mrs. Anderson were entertained at dinner on Sunday by Mr. and Mrs. Frank Coulson, of Fairless Hills.
Mr. and Mrs. L. DeForest Emmert, formerly of Drexel Hill, and now of Newtown Square, are entertaining Mr. and Mrs. Ashman E. Emmert, of Temple, Pa.
Mr. and Mrs. Richard B. McConnell and their son-in-law and daughter, Mr. and Mrs. Raymond B. Walker will be hosts this Tuesday evening at dinner at the State St. home of the Walkers honoring Mrs. McConnell's debutante niece, Miss Barbara Williams.
Mrs. Fenwick Eustis, whose daughter was also a maid to the queen, wore an ashes of roses slipper satin gown.
There are about 3,325 officers and employees in this class.
He said the assailant, who was armed with a automatic, entered the taxi at Pennsylvania Avenue and Gold Street.
The house is on Old Annapolis road a mile south of Severna Park, at Jones Station, police said.
For a number of years the board used a machine to keep a permanent record but abandoned the practice about two years ago.
He called Vincent L. Piraro, proprietor of the shop, who summoned police and an ambulance.
What he did, Mr. Werner said, was let manual laborers go home Tuesday night for some rest.
Judge Benjamin Michaelson signed the order remanding the boy to the hospital because of the lack of juvenile accommodations at the Anne Arundel County Jail.
The driver admitted he was the Dresbachs'son and all three were taken to the Edgewater Station, police said.
From the outset of his first term, he established himself as one of the guiding spirits of the House of Delegates.
and heavy engineering at $102,285,000, down 33 per cent.
Ultimately the development will comprise 300 units, in two-story and three-story structures.
It has a hull patterned on that of the United States navy's Nautilus, the world's first atomic submarine.
A shadowy couple who call themselves Peter Kroger, bookseller, and wife, Joyce.
The trial will be held, probably the first week of March, in the famous Old Bailey central criminal court where Klaus Fuchs, the naturalized British German born scientist who succeeded in giving American and British atomic bomb secrets to Russia and thereby changed world history during the 1950s, was sentenced to 14 years in prison.
He said that drawings of the Dreadnought and printed details about the ship were found reproduced in an undeveloped roll of film taken from Lonsdale when he was arrested with the two civil servants outside the Old Vic theater Saturday afternoon, Jan. 7.
The Skipjack was a second generation atomic sub, much advanced on the Nautilus and the other four which preceded it.
Reputedly it could outrun, underwater, the fastest destroyers.
The charge that the federal indictment of three Chicago narcotics detail detectives "is the product of rumor, combined with malice, and individual enmity" on the part of the federal narcotics unit here was made yesterday in their conspiracy trial before Judge Joseph Sam Perry in federal District court.
In opening, D. Arthur Connelly, assistant United States attorney, read the indictment, but made no comments.
When 51st Street was reached, Robinson related, he stopped the bus and told the youths he was going to call the CTA supervisor.
Patrolman James F. Simms said he started in pursuit when he saw young Stickney speeding north in Stewart Avenue at Central Street.
Hengesbach has been living under a cloud ever since.
Charges in doubt
The jury asked Judge Cash to send in his written definition of the difference between first and second-degree murder and manslaughter.
Mrs. Pankowski, 61, remained in Holy Cross Hospital as a result of the explosion, which occurred while Mrs. Kowalski fueled a cook stove in the grandmother's small upstairs flat at 2274 Eight Mile Road East.
A135 donated
Student Council officers announced today the Kowalski family would be given the combined proceeds from a school dance held two weeks ago, and another dance for Fuhrmann's 770 students this Friday night.
Patrolman George Kimmell, of McClellan Station, said he would recommend a special safety citation for Ralph Sisk, 9230 Vernor east, a third grader at the Scripps School, for his assistance in the case.
The long crisis in Laos appeared nearing a showdown today.
He declared the government is thinking of asking for foreign troops if the situation worsens.
A Havana radio broadcast identified the Americans as Howard Anderson and August Jack McNair.
So many Cubans were reported being swept into the Castro dragnet that the massive Sports Palace auditorium and at least one hotel were converted into makeshift jails.
The statement did not mention what steps might be taken to overcome the legal obstacles to desegregation.
"As a private institution, supported by generous individuals, Emory University will recognize no obligation and will adopt no policy that would conflict with its purpose to promote excellence in scholarship and Christian education.
The Atlanta Negro student movement renewed its demands for movie theater integration Friday and threatened picketing and "stand-ins" if negotiations failed.
Several theater operators said, however, that there is little likelihood of the subject being discussed during the three-day affair.
Raymond E. Killingsworth, 72, died Sunday at his home at 357 Venable St., Aj.
Funeral services will be at 2 p.m. Tuesday at Blanchard's Chapel with the Rev. J. H. Hearn officiating.
The officers gave this account:
Slate said he and Crawford received cuts and scratches and their uniforms were badly torn.
Georgia's Department of Agriculture is intensifying its fire ant eradication program in an effort to stay ahead of the fast-spreading pest.
Perhaps the engineers can find out what causes all the congestion and suggest methods to eliminate it.
Bobby Bester Hammett, 21, of Rte. 3, Lawrenceville, and Mrs. Lucille Herrington Jones, 23, of Lawrenceville, died in the flaming car, the patrol said.
The contract with Ray Field, who has been converting the agencies electronic data processing program to magnetic tape, would renew his present salary of $8 an hour up to a maximum of 200 hours a month.
Asked Mrs. Grace O. Peck, representative from Multnomah County, of the commission chairman, Joseph E. Harvey Jr.
The wife of convicted bank robber Lawrence G. Huntley was arrested in Phoenix, Ariz., last week and will be returned to Portland to face charges of assault and robbery, Portland detectives said Friday.
Mr. Brett, born in Brooklyn, N.Y., Dec. 15, 1886, came to Portland in 1920.
For many years he had provided music and entertainment for functions throughout the Northwest.
He was a former commander of Willamette Heights, Post, and a member of Nevah Sholom Congregation.
Tim Larson, a junior at Wilson High School and president of Spice-Nice, is the young executive who guided his firm to the top-ranking position over the 4,500 other Junior Achievement companies in the United States and Canada.
For winning Larson will receive a $100 U.S. Savings Bond from the Junior Achievement national organization.
and Shelby Carlson, Cleveland.
Blue ribbons went to Stephanie Shaw of Hillsboro, Larry Hinton of Beaverton.
John Haase & Son of Corneilus was the only entrant in open class swine and swept all championships.
Any adjustments which are made, Mr. Grenier said earlier this month, will appear on the balance of the tax bill since most of the town's taxpayers take the option of paying quarterly with the balance due next year.
a collection of English, French and German coins, valued at $500;
A two-family house at 255 Brook Street has been purchased by Brown University from Lawrence J. Sullivan, according to a deed filed Monday at City Hall.
The impact with the utility pole caused a brief power failure in the immediate area of the accident.
The property included a one-story brick manufacturing building on 8,293 square feet of land.
Bernard Parrillo, 20, of 19 Fletcher Ave., Cranston, was admitted to Roger Williams Hospital shortly before 11:30 a.m. yesterday after a hunting accident in which a shotgun he was carrying discharged against his heel.
About 500 employes of the firm will be on hand to witness bestowal of the honor upon Mr. Sorrentino.
Eight men were tried together in U.S. District Court in Anniston, Ala., on charges of interfering with interstate transportation and conspiracy growing out of a white mob's attack on a Greyhound bus carrying the first of the Freedom Riders.
The juror said the masked men had advised him to be lenient.
He will take over his new post Jan. 1.
There have even been serious errors in the U. S. Forest Service, whose officials pride themselves in their scientific training, he added.
Seventeen years ago today, German scientist Willy Fiedler climbed into a makeshift cockpit installed in a V-1 rocket-bomb that was attached to the underbelly of a Heinkel bomber.
About 200 of the special V-1 rocket-bombs were to be made ready for manned flight with an explosive warhead.
Using a steering system that controlled the modified rocket's tail surfaces and wings equipped with ailerons, Fiedler was to land the missile on a skid especially bolted under the fuselage.
John Di Massimo has been elected president of the 1961 Columbus Day Celebration Committee, it was announced yesterday.
The only way out of this state of affairs is agreement to abolish nuclear weapons;
"But Arger never was able to produce it, so I cut him off my payroll".
Lee said he had told the jury that he made an agreement in April with Stein to supply and supervise janitors in McCormick Place.
The radiation station of the Chicago board of health recorded a reading of 1 micro-microcurie of radiation per cubic meter of air over Chicago yesterday.
Huff lives with his wife, Sue, and their four children, 6 to 10 years old, in a $25,000 home with a $17,000 mortgage.
-- Greece and West Germany have ratified an agreement under which Germany will pay $28,700,000 to Greek victims of Nazi persecution, it was announced today.
The first over-the-counter trade Wednesday afternoon at Eppler, Guerin & Turner, the managing underwriter, was at $17 a share.
But the result of it all was, E.G.T. partner Dean Guerin believes, an effective distribution of the stock to owners all over the nation.
Foods, which long had been considered "recession resistant" but hardly dynamic stocks, have been acting like growth stocks, going to higher price-earnings ratios.
It is no coincidence that the Texas Cotton Ginner's Association is meeting here this week for the 46th time in their 52-year history.
Headquarters is in Birmingham, Ala.
The Lummus Cotton Gin Co. has had a sales and service office in Dallas since 1912.
They export cotton ginning machinery.
The firm also handles gin and oil mill supplies such as belting, bearings, etc.
On the local level, compacts continue to grab a larger share of the market at the expense of lower-priced standard models and foreign cars.
William Cluck, Deloris Carrel Carty, and Edna Earl Eaton of North Dallas;
Another speaker, William H. Draper, Jr., former Under Secretary of the Army and now with the Palo Alto venture capital firm of Draper, Gaither & Anderson, urged the U.S. to "throw down the gauntlet of battle to communism and tell Moscow bluntly we won't be pushed around any more".
The economist does not look for a drastic switch in the budget during this recovery and believes it "even more unlikely that the Federal Reserve will aggressively tighten monetary policy in the early phases of the upturn as was the case in 1958".
New York (AP)
New highs for the year totaled nine and new lows 14.
Peterson said America has nothing to fear in world competition if it dares to be original in both marketing and product ideas.
The convertible debentures are convertible into common shares at $65 a share by June 1, 1966;
Question
This resulted in a great number of errors.
Washington (AP)
"The financial situation of the Baltimore & Ohio, has become precarious -- much worse than at any time since the depression of the 1930s", he told the hearing.
-- "Consumer uncertain about economic conditions".
Why the discrepancy between the builders'forecasts for themselves and for the industry?
Although the Administration's program cut crop acreage to the lowest point since 1934, farmers, with the help of extra fertilizer and good weather, are getting such high yields per acre that many are being forced to buy new harvesting machines.
The significance of the pickup in farm machinery sales extends beyond the farm equipment industry.
Dealers'stocks down
Total farm output for this year is officially forecast at 129% of the 1947-49 average, three points higher than the July 1 estimate and exactly equal to the final figure for 1960.
Such "depletion allowances", in the form of percentages of sales are authorized by tax law for specified raw materials producers using up their assets.
A rule on the Federal deductibility of state taxes is contested.
It provides that the $1,800 termination payment each cadet is to get, after serving a two-year hitch without pay, will be spread over both years, not taxed in its entirety at a possibly higher rate in the year received.
A frequent pitfall in this sort of arrangement, experts warn, is a tendency to pay the wife more than her job is worth and to set aside an excessive amount for her as retirement income.
-- Consumer spending edged down in April after rising for two consecutive months, the Government reported.
Harry Rolnick, president of the Byer-Rolnick Hat Corporation and designer of men's hats;
Her favorite cocktail dress is a Norell, a black and white organdy and silk jersey.
She took postgraduate work at the University of Grenoble in France and then returned to London to work on market research with an advertising firm.
She is adept at skeet shooting, trout fishing, Afro-Cuban and Oriental dancing and Southwestern archaeology.
Tell that to the little wife when she moans at the woman's burden!
What do the pretty SMU girls like on their plates?
Dip in melted butter and roll in flour.
Contemporary furniture that is neither Danish nor straight-line modern but has sculptured pattern, many design facets, warmth, dignity and an effect of utter comfort and livability.
A high-legged buffet provides easy-to-reach serving, a cocktail table has small snack tables tucked under each end, recessed arched panels decorate a 60-inch long chest.
Center panel, hand-screened wood, actually is a back of one of the tall bookcases.
The men will be in western attire, including Stetsons and colored vests.
Two of these are in or near Dallas and the others away from the vicinity.
Mrs. Oliver is mother of five children and wife of a machinist.
Foliage will glow at formal fall party
Giving up the violin opened a whole new career for Ilona Schmidl-Seeberg, a tiny Hungarian who Fritz Kreisler had predicted would have a promising career on the concert stage.
It seems like only last year that we watched them set out up the hill hand in hand on a rainy day in their yellow raincoats to finger-paint at the grammar school.
"Why don't you walk to school then"?
I had to stand up, with the ladies.
The logic of that is impeccable, of course, except that I feel like a fool being driven up to work in a little car, by my wife, when everybody knows I have a big car and am capable of driving myself.
Stars throughout the volume denote dates of marriages during the past year.
Another marriage of note is that of Jane McAlester and William Louis Pfau.
Newcomers of social note from other parts of the country are the Ray Carbones, formerly of Panama;
In this way, you can arrange his legs and arms in any desired position, with feet, or one foot, barely resting on the pedestal.
Housewives are finding literally hundreds of ways of getting the maximum use out of traditional designs, says Mr. Alden and they are doing it largely because Colonial craftsmen had "an innate sense of the practical".
If they can't chalk up big business here then let's stop this noise about how hip we are, and stick to our community singing,
Al Fike, an ex-schoolteacher from Colorado, is currently pursuing the three R's -- rhythm, reminiscence and repartee -- in a return class session at the Trade Winds Hotel.
Terry Barnes has been named manager.
Sunday New Orleans brunches continue at the Trade Winds but the daily French buffets have been called off.
Pualani and Randy Avon, Dave Searles, George (Papa) Gill, Al Bandish, Jim Morgart, Bob Neil at the Mouse Trap.
Performers include a company of 46 dancers and a symphony orchestra.
At the workshop, Mrs. Schenk will discuss "the board and the staff, librarian-board relationships, personnel policies, how good is our librarian and staff, how good am I as a library board member and how good is our library".
More than 300 teenagers last Sunday proved there is and as many more are expected to prove it again for Jim Kern and his wife Lynn from 4 to 8 p.m. Sunday at First Presbyterian Church.
a review of the philosophy of Communist leaders by Ted Slack, another real estate agent who became interested as a philosophy major at the University of Miami;
Until that first dedication service, he and Lois felt their children were too young to take part in any religious life at home.
Every family of Riviera Presbyterian Church has been asked to read the Bible and pray together daily during National Christian Family Week and to undertake one project in which all members of the family participate.
In announcing Jorda's return, the orchestra also announced that the sale of single tickets for the 50th anniversary season will start at the Sherman Clay box office on Wednesday.
Precise
She is the most beautiful thing you ever laid eyes on, and her dancing has a feminine suavity, lightness, sparkle, and refinement which are simply incomparable.
The season will open at the new Hall of Flowers in Golden Gate Park on November 20 at 8:30 p.m. with a concert by the Mills Chamber Players.
Any needy family living in San Francisco can obtain toys by writing to Christmas Toys, 676 Howard street, San Francisco 5, and listing the parent's name and address and the age and sex of each child in the family between the ages of 1 and 12.
If that's all the Romans did, it's a surprise to me that Rome fell.
Most of the emphasis has been placed on a "wild party" at a seaside villa.
The Chronicle's Paine Knickerbocker summed it up neatly:
I bought a new little foreign bomb.
The present crop of small cars is enriching American humor.
They had a loving touch.
"I will die rich".
At last the White House is going to get some much-copied furniture by that master American craftsman, Duncan Phyfe, whose designs were snubbed in his lifetime when the U. S. Presidents of the 19th Century sent abroad for their furnishings.
The mantel was found in a recently demolished Salem house and is being fitted over the White House library fireplace.
She is vacationing at the Kennedy summer home in Hyannis Port, Mass., and in his welcoming remarks, the President said he was representing her.
Patricia now attends the C. Melvin Sharpe Health School in the District.
"I was an art major in college", Miss Baldrige explained.
He pointed out to the young musicians that the National Gallery "is the only museum in the country to have a full-time music director, Richard Bales.
C. Wheeler Barnes of Denver, head of the Scottish Rite in Colorado, praised Pike as a historian, author, poet, journalist, lawyer, jurist, soldier and musician, who devoted most of his mature years to the strengthening of the Masonic Order.
Hurt by his lack of interest and attention, Mary complained often that he didn't help around the house, and that he didn't really care about the family.
For nearly a year, they have been receiving counseling, separately and together, in an effort to understand and overcome the antagonisms which had given rise to the possibility of divorce.
But to the families it serves, their help cannot be measured.
Last Friday the White House announced:
The first time was in 1955 when a full-dress Big Four summit meeting produced the "spirit of Geneva".
"As long as Mr. Khrushchev is convinced that the balance of world power is shifting his way, no amount of either smiles or toughness, neither Camp David talks nor kitchen debates, can compel him to enter fruitful negotiations".
Moreover, an eventual meeting was desirable if for no other reason than to satisfy world opinion that the U. S. was not inflexible and was sparing no effort to ease international tensions.
In the U. S., strong pressures have been building up for a resumption of tests on grounds that the Russians may be secretly testing.
In Laos, the picture was almost equally bad.
The response from London, Paris and Bonn was favorable.
The inclination was to accept the statement that there would be no formal negotiations.
Finally, there was a wide area of agreement on the value of the President's making a final effort in the summit spotlight for a nuclear test accord.
Though this may or may not be good biology, it does aptly illustrate the strength and the weakness of American Catholic higher education.
They have not done so for the simple reason that such appeals have hardly ever been made.
American Catholic colleges and universities are, in a very real sense, the product of "private enterprise" -- the "private enterprise" of religious communities.
For while the past needs of the Church in this country may have been adequately met by collegiate institutions, which in temper and tone closely resembled junior colleges and finishing schools, it would seem that today's need is for the college which more closely resembles the university in its "pursuit of excellence".
It is particularly interesting that those who framed the report should refer to "the organization which actually owns the university": this seems to show an awareness of the fact that there is more to the problem than the ordinary issue of clerical-lay tension.
This is a significant advance but its import should not be exaggerated.
But this in turn means that decisions are not merely imposed from the top but that there be some actual mechanism of faculty participation.
In itself there is nothing wrong with this form of "participation": the only difficulty on the Catholic campus is that those faculty members who are in a position to implement policy, i.e., members of the religious community which owns and administers the institution, have their own eating arrangements.
The company has billed the United States Government for $7,500,000 of these expenses under the Defense Department regulation allowing costs of a type generally recognized as ordinary and necessary for the conduct of the contractor's business.
Let us look at the heavy-electrical-goods industry in which General Electric, Westinghouse and a number of other manufacturers were recently convicted of engaging in a conspiracy to rig prices and allocate the market.
The paradox implicit in the whole affair is shown by the demand of the government, after the conviction, that General Electric sign a wide-open consent decree that it would not reduce prices so low as to compete seriously with its fellows.
(Pp. 228-229) in any event, it is obvious that the anti-trust laws did not prevent the formation of some of the greatest financial empires the world has ever known, held together by some of the most fantastic ideas, all based on the fundamental notion that a corporation is an individual who can trade and exchange goods without control by the government".
Before 1933, individuals who opposed trade unions and collective bargaining said so in plain English.
but many against combining to raise it".
His bill, allegedly aimed at Hoffa, would amend the Sherman, Clayton and Norris-LaGuardia acts to authorize the issuance of federal injunctions in any transportation strike and would make it illegal for any union to act in concert with any other union -- even a sister local in the same international.
The law could not suspend economics.
Afterward, Tennessee's Democratic Senator Albert Gore summed it up for newsmen.
Kennedy, through Secretary-designate of State Dean Rusk, declined.
Political, economic and military experts were all agreed that chaotic, mountainous little Laos was the last place in the world to fight a war -- and they were probably right.
but, in Senator Gore's words, it was "not a very encouraging" situation that would confront John F. Kennedy on Inauguration Day.
Caucusing, the liberals decided to go after Colmer, which actually was the more drastic course, since seniority in the House is next to godliness.
(In the heat of the anti-Colmer drive last week, Judge Smith threatened reprisal against Powell.
Cannon, a powerful, conservative man, brought welcome support to the Smith-Colmer forces: as chairman of the Appropriations Committee, he holds over each member the dreadful threat of excluding this or that congressional district from federal pork-barrel projects.
With that possibility in mind, Arkansas'Wilbur Mills deliberately delayed calling a meeting of the Committee on Committees, and coolheaded Democrats sought to bring Rayburn and Smith together again to work out some sort of face-saving compromise.
Privately, the liberals admitted that the Humphrey amendment had no chance of passage.
Nixon fulfilled his assignment with grace, then went beyond the required "sufficient declaration".
He bogeyed the 10th.
Afterwards, Palmer told Charlie Coe, his last-round partner, that he simply played the hole too fast.
But Palmer knew, as did everybody else at Augusta, that his streak was about to be broken.
On that final Sunday at Pensacola neither Palmer nor Player was leading the tournament and, as it turned out, neither won it.
Palmer's 4-under-par 68 got him off to an early lead, which he shared with Bob Rosburg.
Rosburg had started early in the day, and by the time Palmer and Player were on the course -- separated, as they were destined to be for the rest of the weekend, by about half an hour -- they could see on the numerous scoreboards spotted around the course that Rosburg, who ended with a 73, was not having a good day.
Anyone who now doubted that a personal duel was under way had only to watch how these exceptionally gifted golfers were playing this most difficult golf course.
In fact, he went on to birdie the 6th and 8th as well, to go 4 under par for the first eight holes.
From there he chipped back and sank his putt for a par 4.
This is Baseball 1961.
This, of course, is baseball's most remarkable mark: The 60 home runs hit in 1927 by the incorrigible epicure, the incredible athlete, George Herman (Babe) Ruth of the Yankees.
Extend Mantle's and Maris's present paces over the full 1961 schedule of 162 games, and, mathematically, each will hit more than 60 home runs.
Roommates:
They divide up the household chores: Cerv does most of the cooking (breakfast and sandwich snacks, with dinner out), Mantle supplies the transportation (a white 1961 Oldsmobile convertible), and Maris drives the 25-minute course from the apartment house to Yankee Stadium.
Mantle, more concerned with dress, buys his suits four at a time at Neiman-Marcus in Dallas and pays as much as $250 each.
Of the two, Mantle is by nature the less outgoing, Maris the more outspoken.
By his own confession, Maris is an angry young man.
Give me a team of nine angry men and I'll give you a team of nine gentlemen and we'll beat you nine out of ten times".
"When Mickey went to the Yankees", says Mark Freeman, an ex-Yankee pitcher who sells mutual funds in Denver, "DiMaggio still was playing and every day Mickey would go by his locker, just aching for some word of encouragement from this great man, this hero of his.
They try to play baseball the best they can.
Mantle is a master at dragging a bunt toward first base.
In 1920, as the startling news that the 1919 White Sox had conspired to lose the World Series leaked out, fans grew disillusioned and disinterested in baseball.
A year after he was catapulted over nine officers senior to him and made commandant of the Marine Corps, General David M. Shoup delivered a peppery annual report in the form of a "happy, warless New Year" greeting to his Pentagon staff.
Meanwhile, after 24 years in the Senate, Rhode Island's durable Democrat Theodore Francis Greene -- having walked, swum and cerebrated himself to the hearty age of 93 -- left that august body (voluntarily, because he could surely have been re-elected had he chosen to run again last November), as the oldest man ever to serve in the Senate.
I'm useless for anything but racing cars.
Last week, in the German city of Dusseldorf, G. David Thompson was making headlines that could well give Pittsburgh pause.
He gathered one of the biggest collections of Paul Klees in the world.
Some observers speculated that this might be his revenge on his home town.
Holmes went to Atlanta's Morehouse (Negro) College, where he is a B student and star halfback.
Negro lawyers dug into the records of 300 white students, found that many were hardly interviewed at all -- and few had academic records as good as Hamilton Holmes.
The debate led to a decision that Chicago needed neither a big name nor an experienced academic administrator, but rather, as Trustee Chairman Glen A. Lloyd put it, "a top scholar in his own right" -- a bright light to lure other top scholars to Chicago.
But a historian might put his finger on a specific man and date, and hold out the hope that the troubles will sometime pass away.
The hospitals contain patients trampled by elephants or run over by sports cars.
The colony was administered from Brussels, with neither the Congolese nor the resident Belgians having any vote.
Would not the children, if they received all their food on the first day of the month, eat it up immediately, and later go hungry?
Why did the Belgians grant independence to a colony so manifestly unprepared to accept it?
Yet there were other motivations and actions which the Belgians took after independence for which history may not find them guiltless.
Thus some provinces contained tribes which detested each other, and to them independence meant an opportunity for war.
Confusion became chaos;
The Belgians were reluctant to withdraw their troops and often obstructed U.N. efforts.
Mobutu promptly flung out the Russians, who have not since played any significant part on the local scene, although they have redoubled their obstructionist efforts at U.N. headquarters in New York.
ordered an investigation of Lumumba's death;
Through Ladgham, Mr. Kennedy sent a message along those lines to Tunisian President Habib Bourguiba;
All week long the President clearly was playing a larger personal role in foreign affairs;
John Salvador, a farmer from Palm Desert, Calif., was sitting up front and could see through the door as the trio entered the cockpit.
But, he told the "skyjackers", the 707 didn't carry enough fuel to reach Havana;
Fla., and Leonard Gilman, a former college boxer and veteran of the U.S. Immigration Service Border Patrol.
As the morning wore on and a blazing West Texas sun wiped the shadows off the Franklin Mountains, police got close enough to the plane to pry into the baggage compartment.
the plane slowed to a halt.
He caught officer Simmons'eye, nodded toward young Bearden, and -- "I swung my right as hard as I could.
In all, the Senate signed a check for $46.7 billion, which not only included the extra $3.5 billion requested the week before by President Kennedy, but tacked on $754 million more than the President had asked for.
But, because they are politicians, they like to talk as poor-mouth as the lowliest voter.
Things are looking up these days for many of the State turnpikes on which investors depend for income from their toll-road bonds.
Investors, however, still see an element of more-than-ordinary risk in the toll-road bonds.
The report is based on a survey by Blyth & Company, investment bankers.
That same pattern of earnings shows up on the Massachusetts Turnpike.
That improvement is continuing.
Net earnings of that road rose from 62 per cent of interest requirements in calendar 1957 to 86 per cent in the 12 months ended Feb. 28, 1961.
It's going to take time for investors to learn how many of the toll-road bonds will pay out in full.
A skilled worker on the assembly line, for example, earns $37 a week.
"Hodges is trying to get more foreign business to go to the U.S.
Point is that developing countries often build up a textile industry first, need encouragement to get on their feet.
The Kennedy hope is that, at the conference or through bilateral talks, the low-wage textile-producing countries in Asia and Europe will see that "dumping" practices cause friction all around and may result in import quotas.
Import quotas aren't ruled out where the national interest is involved.
Productivity of U.S. miners is twice that of the British.
Most library budgets are hopelessly inadequate.
It was a step in the right direction, but it took an additional act passed in 1958 to establish fully the thriving systems of today.
To set up a co-operative library system, the law requires a central book collection of 100,000 nonfiction volumes as the nucleus, and the system is organized around it.
Basic reference tools are the backbone of the collection, but there is also specialization in science and technology, an indicated weakness in local libraries.
Levittown has applied science, business, and literature;
The most recent film catalogue, available at each library, lists 110 titles presently in the collection, any of which may be borrowed without charge.
it prepares cooperative displays (posters, booklists, brochures, and other promotional material) for use in member libraries;
The need for lifetime reading is apparent.
The inadequacy of our library system will become critical unless we act vigorously to correct this condition.
There followed the historic appropriations and budget fight, in which the General Assembly decided to tackle executive powers.
Fortunately it spared us from the usual spate of silly resolutions which in the past have made Georgia look like anything but "the empire state of the South".
The harder the choice, the more willing the league is to wade in.
The danger lay not in believing that our own A-bombs would deter Russia's use of hers;
It includes a raise in the county minimum wage, creation of several new jobs at the executive level, financing of beefed-up industrial development efforts, and increased expenditures for essential services such as health and welfare, fire protection, sanitation and road maintenance.
It is good to know that Georgia will continue to have sufficient electrical power not only to meet the demands of normal growth but to encourage a more rapid rate of industrialization.
The national average is more than $4 and that figure is considered by experts in the mental health field to be too low.
But whether the murder of El Benefactor in Ciudad Trujillo means freedom for the people of the Caribbean fiefdom is a question that cannot now be answered.
He maintained amply financed lobbies in the United States and elsewhere which sycophantically chanted his praise, and his influence extended even to Congress.
Perhaps the army will be able to maintain stability, but the vacuum of free institutions creates a great danger.
Must Berlin remain divided?
The Chancellor had as much business there as Ulbricht had in East Berlin -- and was certainly less provocative than the juvenile sound-truck taunts of Gerhard Eisler.
Thousands of buffalo ("bison" they will never be to the man on the street) grazing like a mobile brown throw-rug upon the rolling, dusty-green grassland.
Whisky on the air
Although the false glamour surrounding bourbon or other whisky commercials is possibly no more fatuous than the pseudo-sophistication with which TV soft-drinks are downed or toothpaste applied, there is a sad difference between enticing a viewer into sipping Oopsie-Cola and gulling him into downing bourbon.
Both men are known to be honest and public-spirited.
Both Mr. K's have so far continued to speak softly and carry big sticks over Laos.
Since Laos is of no more purely military value to Moscow itself than it is to Washington, this approach might be expected to head off Mr. Khrushchev for the moment.
The State Department tacitly rejected the neutral Laos idea after the Geneva conference of 1954, and last year Washington backed the rightist coup that ousted neutral Premier Souvanna Phouma.
This year's Senate measure would provide each state and the District of Columbia with $1,000,000 to be used in support of private, state, or municipal ETV efforts.
Mr. Speaker, Mr. Sam, and Mr. Democrat, at one and the same time.
A growl, a nod, was usually enough.
To almost two generations of Americans it must have seemed as though the existence of Mr. Sam coincided with that of the House.
As it was, his absence because of his final illness was a blow to the administration.
In other words, atrocities by savages wearing the uniform of the central government might be condoned, had the victims been serving the cause of dissident Katanga.
The UN army is too weak, too demoralized for the task.
The editorial was based on a news association dispatch which said that the telegraphers had secured an agreement whereby they were guaranteed 40 hours'pay per week whether they worked or not and that a reduction in their number was limited to 2 per cent per year.
It was, the brief writers decided, "man's best hope for a peaceful and law abiding world".
Less respect for the legal conventions was displayed by Castro's right hand man, Che Guevara, who edified the Inter-American Economic and Social council meeting in Montevideo by reading two secret American documents purloined from the United States embassy at Caracas, Venezuela.
The board's action shows what free enterprise is up against in our complex maze of regulatory laws.
The U.N.-chartered plane which was flying from the conference city of Ndola in Northern Rhodesia had been riddled with machinegun bullets last weekend and was newly repaired.
It is a crucial session with the world on the edge of momentous developments.
If the indenture is accepted, the authority will proceed to validate a bond issue repayable from revenue.
So have the people's elected spokesmen at the state and federal levels.
Problems have arisen in this sensitive field but have been handled in most cases with understanding and restraint.
Both Willy Brandt's Social Democrats, who gained 22 seats in the new parliament, and the Free Democrats, who picked up 23, will insist on that before they enter the government.
It could go either way, since the gains for both points of view were about the same.
According to The Chicago Tribune News Service, State Atty. Gen. Stanley Mosk of California has devised a series of questions which the joiner might well ask about any organization seeking his money and his name: 1.
6.
The only real problem is to devise a plan whereby the owners of the above-water land can develop their property without the public losing its underwater land and the right to its development for public use and enjoyment.
The people, in delegating authority, do not give their public servants the right to decide what is good for the people to know and what is not good for them to know.
Outwardly, Ciudad Trujillo is calm.
In cooperating toward that objective, OAS might move with the speed and effectiveness demonstrated by the United States.
Whether it could be as disastrous for American labor as, say, Jimmy Hoffa of the Teamsters, is a matter of conjecture.
In fact, over the years, the American farmer's capacity to over-produce has cost the taxpayers a large dollar.
The subcommittee is not alone in questioning the effectiveness of the department.
forecasting economic activity is a hazardous undertaking even for the specialist.
The odds thus appear favorable that the secretary's neck may be spared.
Recently Treasury Secretary Dillon and Labor Secretary Goldberg fell into line with Mr. Hodges'appraisal, though there has been some reluctance to do so at the White House.
Mr. Hodges is so hopeful over the outlook that he doesn't think there will be any need of a cut in income taxes.
By comparison, Stone Harbor bird sanctuary's allies seem less formidable, for aside from the Audubon Society, they are mostly the snowy, common and cattle egrets and the Louisiana, green, little blue and black-crowned herons who nest and feed there.
Then off to a remote place in an underdeveloped country where the diet, culture, language and living conditions will be different.
That is one approach.
Politics-ridden St. Clair county in Illinois presents another piece of the problem of metropolitan development.
Still we must confess that sometimes some of them go too far.
That might go over.
Gen. Swing has received public attention before this for abuse of some of the prerogatives of his office.
This was juvenile ridicule.
Nobody can deny the right of former Chief Executives to take part in politics, but the American people expect them always to remember the obligations of national leadership and to treat issues with a sense of responsibility.
Economy class fares and charter flights have attracted almost all new passengers to the airlines.
Communist guerrillas recently have been reported increasing their activities and the great flood of the Mekong River has interposed a new crisis.
It is probable that his recommendations will be informed and workable, and that they will not lead to involving the United States in an Asian morass.
The United States and its allies have had no objection to this.
What the new charter does
The Controller retains his essential "fiscal watchdog" functions;
A road block to desirable local or borough improvements, heretofore dependent on the pocketbook vote of taxpayers and hence a drag on progress, is removed by making these a charge against the whole city instead of an assessment paid by those immediately affected.
Freedom of the press was lost in Cuba because of decades of corruption and social imbalances.
The evident contradiction between the rosy picture of Russia's progress painted by the Communist party's program and the enormous dangers for all humanity posed by Premier Khrushchev's Berlin policy has already led to speculation abroad that the program may be severely altered.
His new book, entitled "Slums And Suburbs", calls for fast and drastic action to avert disaster.
A call for action "before it is too late" has alarming implications when it comes from a man who, in his previous reports on the schools, cautioned so strongly against extreme measures.
Our creditors do not forget us
She had done it last year, and the year before, and the year before that, and she, and her people were dependent upon these cans for food.
Threat of closing the cannery is a recent one.
Moss, a man who knows how much the cannery helps the county, doesn't believe it will close.
There is one thing I know;
You cannot wear the banner of God and at the same time harbor envy, jealousy and grudges in your heart.
When a person meets God's requirements for the experience of forgiveness he is forgiven.
Jesus not only taught forgiveness, He gave us an example of it on the cross.
"Aren't you sure"?
"Bore me"?
She has studied and observed and she is convinced that her young man is going to be endlessly enchanting.
Imagine the searching and the prayer that lay behind the letter the rector wrote after almost a decade of service to this majestic church.
Theirs is a sacrificial life by earthly standards.
The church truly is not a rest home for saints, but a hospital for sinners.
Mrs. Podger had obligingly pushed things around on the porch to make room for it, and there it was, slung in a vine-shaded corner, the night breeze rippling its fringe with a slow, caressing movement.
The small shaft of blue had drifted down and come to rest at his feet.
Mr. Podger took no chances.
The three would never meet again, but for some reason or other Mr. Podger was sure he would always remember the incident.
"
We need you to start it.
In each city civic and education leaders have been working hard to get public opinion prepared to accept the inevitability of equal treatment.
The Nashville plan, incidentally, has become recognized as perhaps the most acceptable and thus the most practical to put into effect in the troubled South.
It was part of a citywide move toward full integration.
There are many causes for this change.
A driver cruising easily at 70 m.p.h. in Lane A of a four-lane freeway spies an incipient traffic jam ahead.
There such soggy acquiesence would be looked upon as a sure sign of deteriorating manhood.
He can often make the complex ridiculously simple, and vice versa.
This angle of just where the Orioles can look for improvement this year is an interesting one.
It's the same with Ron Hansen and Jim Gentile.
.
"They're the ones we can expect to do better".
When he came to Baltimore, he was leaving a team which was supposed to win the National League pennant, and he was joining what seemed to be a second division American League club.
(The "autistic" child is one who seems to lack a well-defined sense of self.
The mother of a difficult child can do a great deal to help her own child and often, by sharing her experiences, she can help other mothers with the same problem.
"One thing I notice which I have seldom heard mentioned.
Or certain words or rituals that child and adult go through may do the trick.
"What is your experience with autistic children?
She is an aggressive, nervous child.
Just as a varitinted Oriental rug may suggest the starting point for a room scheme, so may some of the newest versions of embroidery.
Modern embroidered panels, framed and meant to be hung on the wall, are another aspect of this trend.
2
Moreover, the entire state Democratic hierarchy, from Gov. Brown on down to the county chairmen, also participates in this huge operation.
Naturally, the statewide races will provide the major test for the expanding council.
state and county committeemen, CDC directors and representatives, members of 16 area clubs, and "all residents" have been invited.
Now listen closely:
)
Moscow Radio in Russian to the USSR:
Whenever some Washington circles were really ready for talks to eliminate friction they have always succumbed to pressure from the war clique in the Pentagon and in Bonn.
Chairman Khrushchev (Kennedy) rattles his rockets (sabre) in order to cure his internal ills and to strengthen his negotiating position.
But during the second half of the century its fortunes reached a low point and when in 1897 Cyrus H. K. Curtis purchased it -- "paper, type, and all" -- for $1,000 it was a 16-page weekly filled with unsigned fiction and initialed miscellany, and with only some 2,000 subscribers.
All I could remember was Billie Dove pasted over the ceiling of my big brother's room.
An agreement allowing convicts to pass on type of locks used on prison doors.
7.
Apologies are in order from anybody who said, "Are you sure you're not making a mistake"?
Next year is the 80th anniversary of the signing of the treaty between Korea and the United States and experts in Seoul are trying to find the correspondence between Frederick Frelinghuysen, who was Secretary of State in 1883 and 1884, and Gen. Lucius Foote, who was the first minister to Korea.
"We have a tremendous amount of talent -- but we lack cohesion".
This resulted in revisions of the King James Bible in 1881-85 as the English Revised Version and in 1901 as the American Standard Version.
For example, in the third chapter of Matthew, verses 13-16, describing the baptism of Jesus, the 1611 version reads:
He said;
To illustrate, the first blessing in the King James Bible reads: "Blessed are the poor in spirit;
Originally recorded by hand, these words have been copied and recopied, translated and retranslated through the ages.
There are many soft and light shoe leathers available.
In the tintable group are high and little heels, squared and oval throats, and shantung-like textures.
Designed for ease
The speed is controlled by pressing on the two brake buttons located where the index finger and thumb are placed when holding the motor.
The electric gadget is most helpful when there are many crowned teeth and in individuals who are elderly, bedfast with a chronic disease, or are handicapped by disorders such as cerebral palsy or muscular dystrophy.
Steam baths
Brace for sciatica
It is low when the thyroid is overactive and high when the gland is sluggish.
These sages include poet Carl Sandburg, statesman Jawaharlal Nehru and sculptor Jacques Lipchitz, in Volume One, and playwright Sean O'Casey, David Ben-Gurion, philosopher Bertrand Russell and the late Frank Lloyd Wright in the second set.
The program was instituted in 1940, and releases are available only from the Recording Laboratory of the Library of Congress, Washington 25, D.C.
Though it was a great relief when the big brains on these shows turned out to be frauds and phonies, it did irreparable damage to the ego of the editor and many another intelligent, well-informed American.
He senses his mother's disapproval.
His own inner voice, which should tell him what not to do, has not developed.
Toys he has can be made to act as substitutes for family temptations such as refrigerator and gas stove.
He won't submit to his natural desires all the time, and it's Mother's love that is responsible for his good behavior.
Usually, they titter loudly after they have passed by.
If they do meet and recognize one another, slap backs and embrace, the moment soon is done.
He always feels lonely.
the breakthrough;
In 1952 Mr. Eisenhower won all but Missouri.
These gentlemen already have done the party harm by their seeming reluctance to vote aid for the depressed areas and by their criticism of Mr. Kennedy for talking about a recession and unemployment.
The Republican party was not lacking in humanity, but it permitted its extremely partisan leadership to make it appear devoid of any consideration for people in trouble.
The tragedy is that it will not be able to transact that business in any responsible manner.
And it may be that one or both men actually welcomed the opportunity, when the bravado comments are cast aside.
These men are spenders.
If it will simply delay the debates until the qualifications are closed next spring, and then carry all the candidates on a tour of debates, it can provide a service to the state.
The Providence Journal editorial (Jan. 25) entitled "East Greenwich Faces A Housing Development Problem" points to a dilemma that faces communities such as ours.
The 1960 tax book for East Greenwich indicates a valuation for this property in excess of two million dollars.
If they are to be commended for foresight in their planning, what then is the judgment of a town council that compounds this problem during the planning stage?
4.
and yet they cannot ignore this problem because it concerns the implementation of nearly all the planning programs they have devised.
and to Mrs. Rozella Switzer, regional director of The National Conference of Christians and Jews, who asked them to serve as a committee for the fund.
If Russian pupils have to take these languages, how come American students have a choice whether or not to take a language, but have to face so many exceptions?
The rescue squad is to be praised immensely for the fine work they do in all kinds of weather.
I believe in priority for service-connected disabled veterans in admission to VA hospitals.
So he keeps the veteran in until he can observe the effects of treatment or surgery.
They opposed the Forand bill, which would have placed the major burden of financial support upon the individual himself through compulsory payroll deduction;
Questions shelters
-- It seems college isn't what it should be.
Chicago, Aug. 9
The welfare of citizens, old and young, is the responsibility of the community, not only of that part of it that rides the Aj.
We are slowly being regimented to having everything packaged, whether we want it or not.
Chicago, Aug. 9
Teaching the handicapped
Chicago, Aug. 7
As a result, your criticism of Attorney General Robert F. Kennedy and the Department of Justice was inaccurate, unwarranted and unfair.
The editorial, by omitting the words anti-trust enforcement, totally distorted Mr. Kennedy's views.
Downers Grove, Aug. 8
This is a step toward overt socialism.
We, therefore, considered the "suggestion" an insult to our intelligence, ethics, Bill of Rights, etc.
I hope the man who plans to sit on his hands until the emergency comes will have a change of heart, will get busy and be the first member of our "plus-one" shelter club.
It is high time the United States began to realize that the God-given rights of men set forth in that document are applicable today to Katanga.
The procedure for determining the amounts of money to be spent by county colleges and raised by taxation will certainly startle many taxpayers.
to the editor:
I once heard a comedian say that if you are killed by a taxicab in New York, it is listed as "death due to natural causes".
Sir -- I hasten to join in praise of the men in the toll booths on the Garden State Parkway.
Although the wood has been changed to coal, much of it still retains its original cell structure.
Military power does not cause war;
Many of our young people think it would.
I grant that the dog may not be really protective, based on his training, but if you were roaming the streets looking for a purse to snatch or a young lady to molest, how quick would you be to attack a person strolling with a dog?
As an added suggestion to balance the budget, the Government could sell advertising space on the Washington Monument.
to the editor of the New York Times:
It would be criminal folly if the Communists tried to prevent us.
France and other Western European nations likewise fear a rearmed Germany.
I would like to quote from the Charter of the United Nations:
To aid international law
To achieve this destiny, acts as well as words are needed -- not only acts that lead to physical strength but also acts that lead to strength based on right doing and respect.
Phone service criticized
I disagree with the writer who says funeral services should be government-controlled.
Reading, writing and simple arithmetic are taught along with such crafts as working in brass.
Negligence in garbage and rubbish collections and alley cleaning is great.
Some members of the organization called attention also to the article on hymns of inspiration, the Daily Prayer and Three Minutes A Day, as being very helpful.
Dunes park advocate
to the editor of the Inquirer:
Such kids only wind up among the unemployed on relief or in jail where they become a much bigger burden.
Why do we need bigger and better bombs?
Are we to be the master of the atom, or will the atom be our master -- and destroy us!
The war could have continued many years with many thousands killed on both sides.
Actually, of course, that label "controversial" applied only because he was carrying out the mandate given him by the world organization he headed rather than following the dictates of the Soviet Union.
Expressway answer: East River Drive
This can be accomplished by several logical steps: (1)
to the editor of the Inquirer:
The matter may seem a small thing to some people, I know, but it's a very good start on the road to Totalitarianism The Commission has posted signs in Washington Square saying:
Just a preliminary measure.
Let them offer on behalf of those creatures whose melody has been the joy of mankind since time began, the hymn "Abide With Me".
America doesn't need to "push-up", she needs to stand up!
Further, it should be recalled that some very definite steps were taken by Congress to combat corruption in the labor movement by its passage of the Landrum-Griffin Act.
So be it -- then we must embark on a crash program for 200-megaton bombs of the common or hydrogen variety, and neutron bombs, which do not exist but are said to be the coming thing.
Escalation is their first love and their last;
But to imitate an opponent when he has made the mistake of his life would be a new high in statesmanlike folly.
The weekly loss is partly counterbalanced by 500 arrivals each week from West Germany, but the hard truth, says Crossman, is that "The closing off of East Berlin without interference from the West and with the use only of East German, as distinct from Russian, troops was a major Communist victory, which dealt West Berlin a deadly, possibly a fatal, blow.
The materials for compromise are at hand: The Nation, Walter Lippmann and other sober commentators (see Alan Clark on p. 367) have spelled them out again and again.
In 1899, Parliament erected a statue to Cromwell in Westminster, facing Whitehall and there, presumably, he still stands.
Suppose he did lie beside Lenin, would it be permanent?
He has, moreover, another qualification which augurs well for the future.
To the hills, girls
The girls, very fetching in their uniforms, are shown firing rockets from a launcher mounted on a dump truck;
Soon they will begin to hunt down the traitors they are assured are in our midst.
From next New Year's Day let us keep careful account of each successive fatality on the highways, publicizing it on all media of communication.
Hanging the responsible officials would not abolish the government, but would emphasize its accountability for the lives of its individual citizens, which would certainly alter it, and definitely for the better.
To hang 50 Governors might be preferable except that they are not directly related to the highways;
a holier-than-thou sermon was not.
Having hedged its bets in this way, PHS apparently decided it would be possible to make some sort of determination after all: "At present radiation levels, and even at somewhat higher levels, the additional risk is slight and very few people will be affected".
Its dangerous effects have been downgraded to the public by some who believe national security requires further testing.
Things aren't that simple anymore.
One of the inescapable realities of the Cold War is that it has thrust upon the West a wholly new and historically unique set of moral dilemmas.
Once again, the United States must choose.
That is the contamination we most fear.
Unless the Administration and the Defense Department have been deceiving us, the facts do not support the assertion that we are "compelled" to resume atmospheric testing.
when his Holiness Pope John 23, first called for an Ecumenical Council, and at the same time voiced his yearning for Christian unity, the enthusiasm among Catholic and Protestant ecumenicists was immediate.
Secondly, a whole series of addresses and actions by the Pope and by others show that concern for Christian unity is still very much alive and growing within the Church.
the administration's official budget review, which estimates a 6.9 billion dollar deficit for the current fiscal year, isn't making anyone happy.
Anti-recession programs -- aid for the unemployed, their children and for depressed areas -- account for only 900 million of the 6.9 billion dollar deficit.
Usually questions from the floor were directed to the non-Catholic speaker or discussion leader.
One effect of the spirited give-and-take of these discussions was to focus attention on practical applications and the necessity of being armed with the facts: knowledge of the destructive force of even the tiniest "tactical" atomic weapon would have a bearing on judgments as to the advisability of its use -- to defend Berlin, for example;
He smiled.
So you yourself must seek these objective data, and come to your own conclusions.
The armed forces of Taiwan are at a working strength of about 450,000, though a reserve potential twice that high is contemplated.
The psychological strategists in Taiwan stress the great sense of family, cultivated in China over thousands of years.
There is little doubt if they had a secret ballot, they would vote for food for their family, in place of ideological purity out on the farm.
Now the government must do that;
These continuing pressures, social, economic and military, are doing much to keep China in a heightening state of tension.
But he -- and all of China -- wears the scars of American indecisiveness, and he knows what an uncertain ally we are.
The moment passes.
Of course the fighting was officially under the auspices of the United Nations.
What the moments reveal
)
Key to the puzzles
To get started, he does not scan the world about him;
Becket, by France's Jean Anouilh;
As Critic Walter Kerr points out: "Adaptations, so long as they are good, still qualify as creative".
the Cooch Terpers
Small, shirt-sleeved orchestras play in 2/4 or 4/4 time, using guitars, violins, and more alien instruments with names that would open Sesame: the oud, grandfather of the lute;
But they do not strip.
He can offer nine Turkish girls, plans to import at least 15 more.
She has the small, highly developed body of a prime athlete, and holds in contempt the "girls who just move sex".
The critics'campaign finally inspired the first major U.S. exhibit of Schiele's works.
When he was 15, his parents finally allowed him to attend classes at the Academy of Fine Arts in Vienna.
Melancholy obsession.
Their plan for rotation of leaders promised a salutary blow at "bureaucracy" and would enable "the people" to take a more direct and active part in running the country.
they still benefit far less than the "other" 50 per cent of the nation from that "welfare state" which the Soviet Union so greatly prides itself on being.
The trouble with all these doctrinal quarrels is that we hear only one side of the story: what, in the secret councils of the Kremlin, Molotov had really proposed, we just don't know, and he has had no chance to reply.
It is extremely doubtful that the handful of Albanians who call themselves Communists could have done this without the direct approval of their Chinese friends.
The fact that China (which is obsessed by Formosa -- to Khrushchev a very small matter) should be supported by North Korea and North Vietnam is highly indicative.
He may support China (but he won't);
In their maneuvers last month, they wore World War 2, camouflage garb and helmets, and carried unloaded M-1 rifles.
and they attempted a skirmish line of advance against a camouflaged enemy encampment.
Teaching is at present a sellers'market;
Here, as in all sectors of the economy, quality and justice are both dependent on the right of the individual to deal directly with his employer if he so chooses.
The appeal is going to be to the pocketbook and may be very convincing to those who do not see its relation to political and legal, as well as economic, self-rule.
We would be crippled by reduced output, industrial decline, widespread unemployment".
The Peiping Chinese were the only major silver seller in the world markets who stopped selling the metal on Monday morning, November 27, anticipating by two days the announcement of the U.S. Treasury that the pegged offering price will be removed.
However, it seems axiomatic that the government has an obligation "to exercise its mandate reasonably, equitably and with full regard for the disruptions which it inevitably causes".
If the UN troops are not mercenaries then the Hessians were not mercenaries either.
I have done all this for the freedom of the individuals concerned and also for the states which have been threatened by Communist domination.
As we see, Pope may appeal to President Sukarno, Khrushchev's friend, for clemency.
"With no strong men and no parliament to dispute his will, he was the government".
And Marie Antoinette -- Jacqueline Bouvier.
Never have I seen this expressed so clearly and so sympathetically.
It would be heartbreaking to see idealism, and hence effective leadership, thwarted by the poverty and hardship which young Americans will run into.
F. L. Lucas's article in SR's April 1 issue seemed to be a very fair and objective analysis of the New English Bible.
First, it does not communicate.
I would like to see you devote some space in an early issue to the news blackout concerning President Kennedy's activities, so far as Southern California is concerned.
However, by comparing the TV snatches, two different radio station re-runs, and the censored Los Angeles Times version, I found that the radio stations had edited out questions (ABC removed the one regarding Laos) or even a paragraph out of the middle of the President's answer.
(SR, Feb. 11).
When the end did come, and the schools were disbanded and abandoned, we felt and hoped that the machinery of psychological warfare would not be allowed to rust.
Snow storm
Watson-Watt's remarks in SR did not then, constitute a review of the book but a rebuttal to the Godkin Lectures.
But we are to believe that Lindemann actively supported radar outside the Tizard Committee, and dissembling, discounted it inside?
But he had in Walter Hendl a willing conductor able only up to a point.
The Bayreuth Festival opens July 23 with a new production of "Tannhaeuser" staged by Wieland Wagner, who is doing all the operas this time, and conducted by Wolfgang Sawallisch.
Before you let loose a howl saying we announced its coming, not once but several times, indeed we did.
Shorter booking, but still a booking.
Well, Allied Arts has booked Lena Horne there for a week starting Dec. 4.
H E. Bates has scribbled a farce called "Hark, Hark, The Lark"!
They are willing to settle, however, in anything that offers pheasants to shoot at and peasants to work at.
Larkin has an answer to all that.
And the Jerebohms are more than willing to buy it.
But the brigadier dines on the birds with relish.
And the subtleties of the dialogue are most helpfully conveyed.
Television has yet to work out a living arrangement with jazz, which comes to the medium more as an uneasy guest than as a relaxed member of the family.
In an hour remembered for its almost rudderless movement, a score of jazz luminaries went before the cameras for lengthy periods.
NBC had gathered a lot of historical material which it was eager to share.
The crowd staged its own mad scene in salvos of cheers and applause and finally a standing ovation as Miss Sutherland took curtain call after curtain call following a fantastic "Mad Scene" created on her own and with the help of the composer and the other performers.
In the fullness of her vocal splendor, however, she could sing the famous scene magnificently.
Miss Sutherland first sang Lucia at Covent Garden in 1959.
All of the jackets carry a fairly technical and detailed explanation of this new recording program.
Drums, xylophones, castanets, and other percussive instruments are reproduced remarkably well.
Strange, but true -- authenticity and realism often aren't related at all.
And in the new "King Of Kings" the plot involves intrigues and twists and turns that cannot be traced to the Gospels.
He is now president of the Chicago Conservatory College.
The work's two movements, one melodically sentimental, the other brightly capricious, are clever enough in a Ravel-like style, but they rehash a wornout idiom.
It was in them that Miss Xydis was at her best.
It only seems as if they did.
And in a series of bitterly fought battles in the jungles and hills and along the great rivers of Burma he waged one of the most brilliant campaigns of the war.
But it is most interesting in its account of the unending problems of high command, of decisions and their reasons, of the myriad matters that demand attention in addition to battle action.
food and military supplies;
So I made no mention of air transport until we could get at least some of it".
The limitations are those one expects from untrained and unsettled voices -- an occasional shrillness of almost earsplitting intensity, an occasional waver and now and then a bleat.
Other capable soloists included David Clifton, Joseph Schockler and Pat Thompson.
Under the surface of the wide range of folk movements is apparent a sound technical ballet training, and an equally professional sense of performing.
there is an enchanting polonaise;
This is when his troubles begin, not to mention a fledgling artist who he hires, and who turns out to have ideas of his own, with particular respect to the hero's sweetheart-secretary.
It is a tremendous book, lively, constantly moving, and the Matunuck cast does well by it.
An unsuccessful playwright and actor, he has faith only in himself and in a talent he is not sure exists.
Wallace Gray has directed a difficult play here, usually well, but with just a bit too much physical movement in the first act for my taste.
He dropped his earlier and delightful hamming, which is about the only way to handle the old war horse called "Charley's Aunt", and let himself go with as appealing an "Amy" as anybody could ask.
It has a fast pace, excellent music, expert direction, and not only a good comedian, but an appealing person in his own right, Mr. Berman.
Bob Carroll may not bear quite as close a physical resemblance to LaGuardia as Tom Bosley does, but I was amazed at the way he became more and more Fiorello as the evening progressed, until one had to catch one's self up and remember that this wasn't really LaGuardia come back among us again.
LaGuardia's multi-lingual rallies, when he is running for Congress, are well staged, and wind up in a wild Jewish folk-dance that is really great musical theater.
Since the hero, a sterling and upright fellow, is a rich Brown senior, while two Yalies are cast as virtual rapists, I suppose I should disqualify myself from sitting in judgment on "Where The Boys Are", but I shall do nothing of the sort.
A couple of the males made good comedy, too -- Jim Hutton and Frank Gorshin.
His famous criticism of brother Henry's "third style" is surely as subtly, even elegantly, worded an analysis of the latter's intricate air castles as Henry himself could ever have produced.
"The best condition of it would be an open conflict and rivalry of the diverse systems.
The collected works of James Thurber, now numbering 25 volumes (including the present exhibit) represent a high standard of literary excellence, as every schoolboy knows.
A semi-serious literary document entitled "The Wings Of Henry James" is noteworthy, if only for a keenly trenchant though little-known comment on the master's difficult later period by modest Owen Wister, author of "The Virginian".
'I thought it was a human being'".
The master's hand has lost none of its craft.
And the leading issue, that of piecemeal aggression, remains the same.
Whatever the cause, his mood in the fifties rarely rises above the level of the capably sardonic.
Did Low decide to let well enough alone when he made his selections?
Judge Black, the vegetarian black snake;
George Kennan's account of relations between Russia and the West from the fall of Tsarism to the end of World War 2, is the finest piece of diplomatic history that has appeared in many years.
It is quite probable, however, that stupidity, inexperience and childish adherence to slogans like "unconditional surrender" had more to do with the unsatisfactory settlements at the end of the war than treason or sympathy with Communism.
This fascinating story begins with a sketch, rich in personal detail, of the glancing mutual impact of World War 1, and the two instalments of the Russian Revolution.
here Kennan, operating with precise facts and figures, performs an excellent job of debunking.
And here is Kennan's image of Hitler, Stalin's temporary collaborator in the subjugation and oppression of weaker peoples, and his later enemy:
By and large, Robert McEnroe's adaptation of Maurice Walsh's film, "The Quiet Man", provides the entertainment it set out to, and we have a lively musical show if not a superlative one.
Although he is not graced with the subtleties of romantic technique, that's not what an ex-prize fighter is supposed to have, anyway.
It sometimes threatens to linger in the memory after the final curtain, and some of it, such as the catchy "Sez I", does.
The fans of the musical were, too.
It was not a heavy, ponderous Beethoven.
He swept through the music with ease, in a non-sentimental and ultra-efficient manner.
A new work on the program was Nikolai Lopatnikoff's "Festival Overture", receiving its first New York hearing.
His wicked deeds were carried on by Anselmo Colzani, who was taking the part for the first time with the company.
unfortunately his voice was out of focus and often spread in quality.
The English never again developed a strong native music that could obliterate the traces of an earlier great age the way, say, the opera in Italy blotted out the Italian madrigal.
The works are presented chronologically.
Sonates et Concerts Royaux of Couperin Le Grand occupy two disks (LD056 and LD060) and reveal the impeccable taste and workmanship of this master -- delicate, flexible and gemlike.
The strange, delightful little character pieces with their odd and sometimes inexplicable titles are still evocative and gracious.
Selections from fifteen countries were sung as solos and duets in a broad range of languages.
It all takes place in the eighteenth century.
The work was presented as the final event in the Town Hall Festival of Music.
But who cares, when the lady sings?
Then there was a bad delay in getting Mort Lindsey's 30-piece orchestra wedged into its chairs.
they just sat back on their haunches and cried for more, as though they could never get enough.
But what is equally impressive is the delicacy and wonderful lyric quality of both the band and Mulligan's baritone sax in a fragile ballad like Bob Brookmeyer's arrangement of "Django's Castle".
The evening program was opened by the Jazz Three, a Newport group consisting of Steve Budieshein on bass, Jack Warner, drums, and Don Cook, piano.
He plays his sax principally for beauty of tone, rather than for scintillating flights of meaningless improvisations, and he has a quiet way of getting back and restating the melody after the improvising is over.
Surprise addition
Music lovers who are not familiar with this literature may hear an excellent example, played for RCA by Emil Gilels.
I say chantey.
Here, as in "Journal", Mr. Louis has given himself the lion's share of the dancing, and there is no doubt that he is capable of conceiving and executing a wide variety of difficult and arresting physical movements.
Eugene Lester assembled a witty and explicit score for "An American Journey", and Malcolm McCormick gave it sprightly imaginative costumes.
At the same time the orchestra announced that next season it would be giving twenty-five programs at Carnegie, and that it would be taking these concerts to the suburbs, repeating each of them in five different communities.
Mr. Cliburn gave the slow movement some of the quality of a Chopin Nocturne.
Yet there is the classic case of the Gershwins'"The Man I Love".
Among the particular gems in this collection is the impudent opening song of "The Garrick Gaieties", an impressive forecast of the wit and melody that were to come from Rodgers and Hart in the years that followed;
He shares with Mr. Morse a parody of the college anthems he once sang while his second song is whisked away from him by Virginia Martin, a girl with a remarkably expressive yip in her voice.
The melodies flow along pleasantly, as Mr. Coward's songs usually do, but his lyrics have a tired, cut-to-a-familiar-pattern quality.
It's the old story, war or no war, and more than one viewer may recall Hollywood's "Titanic", several seasons back, when the paramount concern was for the marital discord of a society dilettante.
"He has married me with a ring of bright water", begins the Kathleen Raine poem from which Maxwell takes his title, and it is this mystic bond between the human and natural world that the author conveys.
He liked to nip ear lobes of unsuspecting visitors with his needle-sharp teeth.
Two other people in time shared Mijbil's love: "it remained around us three that his orb revolved when he was not away in his own imponderable world of wave and water;
New York
Last season, the Comedie's two principal experiments came to grief, and, in consequence, we can expect fairly soon to see still newer productions of Racine's "Phedre" and Moliere's "School For Wives".
Arnolphe, it will be recalled, is a man of mature years who tries to preserve the innocence of his youthful wife-to-be.
His red face, his coarse gestures, and his lustful stares bespeak his sensuality.
Seigner, however, is a fine actor and probably the busiest man in the company;
And Django owed much to Louis Armstrong.
They play: "Minor Swing", "Honeysuckle Rose", "Beyond The Sea", "Bricktop", "Heavy Artillery", "Djangology", "After You've Gone", "Where Are You, My Love"?
Julian Davidson, guitar;
The occasion was sentimental;
A woman who undergoes artificial insemination against the wishes of her husband is the unlikely heroine of "A Question Of Adultery", yesterday's new British import at the Apollo.
London, July 4
Yuri Soloviev, Oleg Sokolov, Alexei Zhitkov, Lev Sokolov, Yuri Korneyev and Mr. Livshitz were the chief soloists, but everybody on stage was magnificent.
a winning little "Snow Maiden" variation by the adorable Galina Kekisheva;
He assembled quantities of facts about the nature of American politics in general, as well as about the day-to-day course of the closest Presidential election in American history.
The author begins this volume with a close-up of Mr. Kennedy, his family and his entourage waiting for the returns.
Mr. Nixon is "a broody, moody man, given to long stretches of introspection;
Efficiency was enforced and nothing was left to chance.
"In the hard life of politics it is well known that no platform nor any program advanced by either major American party has any purpose beyond expressing emotion".
Sharing the program was the young French-Canadian tenor Richard Verreau, making his stadium debut on this occasion.
It is estimated that more than 600 stations (of a total of 3,400) do a significant amount of programing for the Negro.
In the last decade the number of Negro-appeal radio program hours has risen at least 15 per cent, and the number of Negro-appeal stations has increased 30 per cent, according to a research man quoted by Sponsor.
The Keystone Broadcasting System's Negro network includes 360 affiliated stations, whose signals reach more than half the total U.S. Negro population.
Advertising copy frequently takes into account matters of special Negro concern.
Few artists have left a life work so eloquent of the period in which they lived.
One of the most appealing of the rooftop canvases is "Sun And Wind On The Roof", with a woman and child bracing themselves against flapping clothes and flying birds.
All belong to the collection being given to Wilmington over a period of years by Mrs. Sloan, who has cherished such revelatory items ever since she first studied with Sloan at the Art Students League, New York, in the 1920's.
These inwardly dramatic moments showed the kind of "opera style" of which Beethoven was genuinely capable, but which did not take so kindly to the mechanics of staging.
The concerto's soloist, Hans Richter-Haaser, played with compensatory ease and economy, though without the consummate plasticity to which we had been treated on the previous evening by Herr Riefling.
In the autumn of 1959, the British Broadcasting Corporation presented a series of talks by four scientists competent in cosmology.
Because of this Dr. Bonnor holds that the universe is becoming more thinly populated by stars and whatever else is there.
For new galaxies to be created, Professor Bondi declares, it would only be necessary for a single hydrogen atom to be created in an area the size of your living room once every few million years.
This, he claims, would reasonably account for the expansion of the universe.
"Roots", the new play at the brand-new Mayfair Theater on 46th St. which has been made over from a night club, is about the intellectual and spiritual awakening of an English farm girl.
The messy meals, the washing of dishes, the drying of clothes may be realism, but there is such a thing as redundancy.
The New York Shakespeare Festival, which is using the Wollman Memorial Skating Rink while its theatre near the Belvedere is being completed, began bravely.
The grieving Hero and her father, Leonato, followed by the Friar, left the stage.
The heavens refused to give up their weeping.
Still a demurrer or two must be entered.
The result was like that of a beautiful painting with some of the highlights touched up almost to the point of garishness.
Maria Tallchief and Erik Bruhn, who danced the "Nutcracker" pas de deux, were also seen in the Petipa-Minkus pas de deux from "Don Quixote", another brilliant showpiece that displayed their technical prowess handsomely.
This somewhat cynical comment may be found in "Blue Skies, Brown Studies", a collection of travel essays by William Sansom, who would never consider staying home for long.
A contemplative connoisseur
To transmit that feeling he writes".
And, for all his lacquered, almost Byzantine self-consciousness, he can make one recognize the aptness of an unexpected comparison.
WBAI is on the right track: in the sound medium there has been excessive emphasis on music and news and there could and should be a place for theatre, as the Canadian and British Broadcasting Corporations continue to demonstrate.
good radio drama has its own special demands that badly need reinvigoration.
But one wishes, when the appetite is whetted, as it was in the case of the all-too-brief excerpt from the Blomdahl opera, that further opportunity would be provided both for hearing the works in their entirety and for a closer analytical look at the sense and nature of the compositions.
So, for that matter, are the newer dances -- the "Kalmuk Dance" with its animal movements, that genial juggling act by Sergei Tsvetkov called "The Platter", the rousing and beautiful betrothal celebration called "Summer", "The Three Shepherds" of Azerbaijan hopping up on their staffs, and, of course, the trenchant "Rock'n'Roll".
Nature
In western Massachusetts and northwest Connecticut, the Berkshires are at their vibrant prime the first week of October.
Michigan, Wisconsin and Minnesota have many superb stretches of color which reach their height from the last few days of September well into October, especially in their northern sections, e.g., Wisconsin's Vilas County whose Colorama celebration is Sept. 29-Oct. 8.
Americana
The gardens themselves are open free of charge the year round, and the 192 permanent employes make sure that not a dead or wilted flower is ever seen indoors or out by any visitor.
Althea Urn.
Subtitled A Farmwife's Almanac Of Country Living, this is a gentle and nostalgic chronicle of the changing seasons seen through the clear, humorous eye of a Hoosier housewife and popular columnist.
The fine old mansions of U.S. Grant's old home town of Galena, Ill. are open for inspection (Sept. 23, 24).
Maria goes all out as a Druid princess who gets two-timed by a Roman big shot.
And on northern shores indomitable sailors from Long Island to Lake Michigan will beat around the buoys in dozens of frostbite races.
In San Francisco Bay, winds are gusty and undependable during this season.
Memphis stinkpotters like McKellar Lake, inside the city limits, and sailors look for autumn winds at Arkabutla Lake where fall racing is now in progress.
Clerfayt of "Heaven Has No Favorites" resembles Portago only in that he is male and a race-driver -- quite a bad race-driver, whereas Portago was a good one.
Between the first meeting of Clerfayt and Lillian and this dismal denouement, Mr. Remarque has laid down many pages of junior-philosophical discourse, some demure and rather fetching love-making, pleasant talk about some of the countryside and restaurants of Europe, and a modicum of automobile racing.
The book carries a disclaimer in which Remarque says it has been necessary for him to take minor liberties with some of the procedures and formalities of racing.
I'll live to be 105".
It is Field Marshal Montgomery's belief that in most Western countries about 60 per cent of the people do not really care about democracy or Christianity;
With Britain looking inward, overseas problems were neglected and the baton was passed on to the United States.
To "Monty", the American people, who in two previous world wars were very reluctant to join the fight, "now look like the nation most likely to lead us all into a third World War".
but the East would have to show sincerity in carrying it out".
He believes that greatness is a marriage between the man and the times as was aptly represented by Churchill, who would very possibly have gone down in history as a political failure if it had not been for Hitler's war.
It is no common thing for a listener (critical or otherwise) to hear a singer "live" for the first time only after he has died.
In this same society, the plain citizen can with an average of only one-fifth his income buy more calories than he can consume.
But a big part of the public wants to know facts about diet and health, and a big group of U.S. scientists wants to supply them.
Out of cholesterol come Keys's main messages so far:
In the well-fed U.S., deficiency diseases have virtually vanished in the past 20 years.
Physiologically, people overeat because what Dr. Jolliffe calls the "appestat" is set too high.
Some families place undue emphasis on food: conversations center on it, and rich delicacies are offered as rewards, withheld as punishment.
"Metrecal is a pretty complete food", he says.
They suspect it plays a role in the production of adrenal hormones, and they believe it is essential to the transport of fats throughout the circulatory system.
Or (more commonly, thinks Keys) the deposits themselves get so big that they choke off the artery's flow to the point that an infarct occurs: the heart muscle is suffocated, cells supplied by the artery die, and the heart is permanently, perhaps fatally injured.
All natural food fats fall into one of three categories -- saturated, mono-unsaturated and poly-unsaturated.
We are in a transitional stage in which many of the connotations of former usage have had to be revised or rejected.
The objectification of the world of spirit in popular superstition had certainly gone far beyond what the experience of spirit could justify or support.
There is no framework or structure of thought with respect to which we can organize it and no part of reality, as we know and apprehend it, with respect to which we can refer this experience.
As the play unfolds, however, the audience is subtly brought into the grip of an awful evil which grows with ominously gathering power and soon engulfs the community.
We marvel at their blindness for not seeing this.
When we see the steady and methodical inculcation into humanity of the idea of man's worthlessness -- until redeemed -- the necessity of the Devil may become evident as a weapon, a weapon designed and used time and time again in every age to whip men into a surrender to a particular church or church-state".
Apart from spirit there could be no community, for it is spirit which draws men into community and gives to any community its unity, cohesiveness, and permanence.
It is spirit which gives life to a community and causes it to cohere.
This does not mean that mythological language as such can no longer be used in theology and preaching.
In fact, it is in just such a situation that the profundity of Bultmann's argument is disclosed.
But can we any longer afford the luxury of such smug indigation?
But the main point here is that even if such a restatement were not possible, the demand to demythologize the kerygma would still be unavoidable.
We have aligned ourselves with that "liberal" tradition in Protestant Christianity that counts among the great names in its history those of Schleiermacher, Ritschl, Herrmann, Harnack, and Troeltsch, and more recently, Schweitzer and the early Barth and, in part at least, Bultmann.
In affirming this we have already taken the decisive step in breaking the deadlock into which Bultmann's attempt to formulate such a theology has led.
for, in either event, the first possibility is excluded.
Many people seem hopeful, yet it is difficult to predict whether or not there will be any more real attainment of Christian unity in 1961 than there was in 1861.
In any case, I have always been treated with the utmost courtesy by Englishmen, even in Devonshire and Cornwall, where anti-Catholic feeling has supposedly existed the strongest and longest.
Now, in 1961, the Catholic population of England is still quite small (ten per cent, or 5 million);
A further 260 Anglican churches have been demolished since 1948".
Many English Catholics are proud of their Catholicism and know that they are in a new ascendancy.
Because they have kept the faith of their medieval fathers, English Catholics have always strongly resented the charge of being "un-English".
Further evidence that Roman Catholicism enjoys a more favorable position today than in 1861 is the respectful attention given to it in the mass media of England.
The Holy Sacrifice of the Mass with commentary has been televised several times in recent months.
The death of a man is unique, and yet it is universal.
Each man can identify himself with the history and the death of Jesus Christ because Jesus Christ has identified himself with human history and human death, coming as the head of a new humanity.
For'God had not rained', says the Scripture, before man was made, and there was no man to till the earth.
in the similitude of God he created him".
And He laid down for him certain conditions: so that, if he kept the command of God, then he would always remain as he was, that is, immortal;
And even as she, having indeed a husband, Adam, but being nevertheless as yet a virgin, having become disobedient, was made the cause of death, both to herself and to the entire human race;
Wherefore, as they became forfeit to death, from that (moment) they were handed over to it".
This idea, which occurs in both Tatian and Cyprian, fits especially well into the scheme of Irenaeus'theology;
It represents a punishment that he knows he deserves, but it also symbolizes most dramatically that he lives his life within the process of time.
If this aspect of death as punishment is not distinguished from the idea of death as natural termination, the conclusion seems inevitable that temporal existence itself is a form of punishment rather than the state into which man is put by the will of the Creator.
We today are not entitled to excoriate honest men who believed Parker to be downright pernicious and who barred their pulpits against his demand to poison the minds of their congregations.
whereupon Parker broke down into convulsions of weeping and rushed out of the room, though not out of the Fellowship.
However, there is a crucial difference between the two histories.
their passions were genuine, and the division between them and the abolitionists is clear-cut.
-- that should a minister in Boston trust himself to his heart, should he "speak without book, and consequently break some law of speech, or be hurried into some daring hyperbole, he should find little mercy".
Reproach the Catholics for it!
We have to tell ourselves that when Parker spoke in this vein, he believed what he said, because he could continue, "But the truth, which cost me bitter tears to say, I must speak, though it cost other tears hotter than fire".
In an amateurish, yet in a very real sense, I have followed the developments of archaeology, geology, astronomy, herpetology, and mycology with a hearty appreciation of the advances being made in these fields.
As a short, possibly not the best method, I looked up "Word" in the Concordance and noted that the Bible claims from Genesis 1 to Revelation 22 to be God's personal message to man.
I discern no limits to a faith vested in God and Christ, who is the sum of all wisdom and knowledge, and daring to trust Him even though called to stand alone before the world.
It makes my work a great deal easier to be able to pray for the Lord's guidance while ministering to the physical needs of my patients.
It is to those who believe on His name and belong to Him that He gives His peace;
Our necks are stiff from gazing at the wonders of outer space, which have captured the imagination of the American public.
Unfortunately, in our rush to beat the Russians, we have forgotten these truth-packed words of Jesus Christ: "What shall it profit a man, if he shall gain the whole world (that includes outer space), and lose his own soul?
Never forget that a chain is only as strong as its weakest link.
Only He can satisfy the deepest longings.
A certain teacher scheduled a "Fear Party" for her fourth grade pupils.
We are evidently trying hard to think of new ways to deal with the problem of fear these days.
What is there about us that makes us so anxious?
Watch people flock to amusement houses, cocktail lounges, and night clubs that advertise continuous entertainment, which means an endless flow of noise and frivolity by paid entertainers who are supposed to perform in those incredible ways which are designed to give men a few hours of dubious relaxation -- watch them and you can tell that many of them are running away from something.
Meanwhile, the enemy will capitalize on our fears, if he can.
whom shall I fear?
Our enemy is also threatening to devour us.
People stand at the wall giving vent to their feelings, weeping, pounding it with their fists, pleading for loved ones.
whom shall I fear?
In fact, He came into this world Himself, in the person of His Son, Jesus Christ, who stood here amid the darkness of human sin and said: "I am the light of the world: he that followeth me shall not walk in darkness, but shall have the light of life".
The enemies at his gate, threatening to eat up his flesh, were nothing compared with the enemy of sin within his own soul.
This gets down to the heart of our problem, for it reconciles us with God, whom we fear most of all because we have sinned against Him.
The "Lo Shu" square as an expression of centrality
But, in spite of all this, enough evidence remains to show that the magic square of three must indeed have been the object of a rather extensive cult -- or series of cults -- reaching fullest expression in the Han period.
it is also their mathematical mean, since it is equal to half the sum of every opposing pair, all of which equal 10.
Later, we shall see what happened when an emperor took this idea too literally.
3.
while the Yin, or female principle, flourished in darkness, cold, and quiet inactivity, and was associated with the Moon.
and the 9, Huo-Shan in Anhwei, which was then the South Sacred Mountain.
They earnestly desire to do the will of God.
churches that have a carefully planned program of membership preparation and assimilation often keep 85 to 90 per cent of their new members loyal and active.
2)
A minimum of four sessions of preparation for membership is necessary for adults.
B
most pastors find that the fourth session should take at least two hours and therefore hold it on a week night prior to Reception Sunday.
The following have been found effective.
4)
8)
George E. Sweazey writes: "There is danger in trying to make admission to the Church so easy and painless that people will scarcely know that anything has happened".
They should sense the tremendous significance of joining the spiritual succession reaching back to Christ our Lord and forward to an eternal fellowship with the saints of the ages.
Some denominations ask new members to sign personally the chronological membership register.
5)
Chapter 6 planning for the assimilation and growth of new members
Yet during the same period there were 1,080,062 additions.
Basic needs
The new members justifiably expect some things from their church family:
Care must be taken neither to confuse unity with uniformity nor God with our parochial ideas about him, but with these two qualifications, the statement stands.
For every criterion which defines what something is, at the same time proclaims -- implicitly if not openly -- what that something is not.
Is there any way out of the predicament?
Some interfaith tensions are not occasioned by theological differences at all, but by the need of men to have persons they can blame, distrust, denounce, and even hate.
Emerging from the two centuries of colonial domination, the Afro-Asian world is aflame with a nationalism that has undone empires.
The people hardest hit by this suspicion are, of course, Christians on the mainland of China.
they simply could no longer be purchased for missionary purposes.
The modern world has been marked by progressive disaffection with claims to divine sanction for the state, whatever its political form.
The religious parties in Israel have experienced a great loss of prestige in recent months.
I do not mean to imply that Christians have adopted the liberal assumption, so prevalent in Hinduism, that all religions are merely different paths to the same summit.
He is talking about an action which just as efficaciously does an evil thing (and is known certainly and unavoidably to lead to this evil result) as it efficaciously does some good.
There must not only be greater good than evil objectively in view, but also greater probability of actually doing more good than harm.
Against such a termination of human life on earth by human action, he then proposes as an alternative that we "negotiate at once with the Russians and get the best terms which are available", that we deliberately "negotiate from comparative weakness".
Several of the replies to Mr. Toynbee, without conscious resort to the traditional terminology with regard to the permission of evil, succeed in restoring the actual context in which present moral and political decisions must be made, by distinguishing between choosing a great evil and choosing in danger of this evil.
Mr. Philip Toynbee affirms at one point that if he shared the anticipations of Orwell in Nineteen Eighty-Four, if he believed Communism was not only evil but "also irredeemably evil", then he might "think it right to do anything rather than to take the risk of a communist world.
He wants to be "brutally frank and say that these rebellions would be hopeless -- far, far more hopeless than was the Hungarian revolution of 1956".
Finally, just as no different issues are posed for thoughtful analysis by the foreshortening of time that may yet pass before the end of human life on this earth, but only stimulation and alarm to the imagination, the same thing must be said in connection with the question of what we may perhaps already be doing, by human action, to accelerate this end.
What ought to be, what is his potential role as a force for constructive social change?
But as conversation goes on, particularly among the realtors themselves, another image emerges, that of considerable power and influence in the community.
Obviously what we are confronted with here is the identification of "professional" with narrow skills and specialization, the effective servicing of a client, rather than responsiveness to the wider and deeper meaning and associations of one's work.
There is some reality to this;
Significantly, no realtor and few of the faculty present were familiar with any of the six volumes (published by the University of California Press) that present the commission's findings.
As far as they were aware, the Connecticut Association of Real Estate Boards had not officially opposed the bill's passage or lobbied in its support.
But as yet, no real estate board has been willing officially to support such laws or to admit the permissibility of introducing minority buyers into all-white neighborhoods.
But what significance attaches to "professional", beyond the narrow sense of skillfulness in meeting a client's stated needs as already noted?
And it is in this new vision of the atom that we find an affirmation and an invigoration of our faith.
Hydrogen is just as plentiful as uranium is scarce.
For if I knew the secret of letting this power in my body change directly into electricity, I could rent myself out to the electric companies and with just the power in my body I could light all the lights and run all the factories in the entire United States for some days.
and I asked myself a question: Suppose I had the same number of peas as there are atoms in my body, how large an area would they cover?
You can imagine what it would look like going out on the turnpike with the peas banked up against the houses and covering the cars;
So you see how small an atom is and how complicated you are.
So you look down there and you see a tiny, whirling point about the size of the head of a pin.
Music of the spheres
A suggestion from Louis De Broglie, a physicist in France, showed us that these electrons are not point particles but waves.
Some of the Island is sand and is not suitable for living.
A complete picture is impossible -- partly because of the limitations of space, partly because for millions of individuals who professed allegiance to the Christian faith data are unobtainable.
Upon all of them played the intellectual, social, political, and economic attitudes, institutions, and customs of the nation.
If guilty, the offender might be excluded from membership.
The ideals of the country were deeply indebted to the Protestantism of the older stock.
Some were clearly of Christian origin, among them the Great Awakening and other revivals which helped to make Christian liberty, Christian equality, and Christian fraternity the passion of the land.
We do well to remind ourselves that from men and women of New England ancestry also issued the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter Day Saints, the Seventh Day Adventists, Christian Science, the American Board of Commissioners for Foreign Missions, the American Home Missionary Society, the American Bible Society, and New England theology.
The anti-slavery movement
Benjamin Lundy (1789-1839), a Quaker, was a pioneer in preparing the way for anti-slavery societies.
A strong temperance advocate, through the influence of a favorite teacher, Charles Stewart, another Finney convert, he devoted himself to the anti-slavery cause.
Individuals possessing unusual gifts and great personal power were transmuted at death into awesome spirits;
This is the familiar system of "cosmic government".
The dead spirits occupied a prominent place in every hope and in every fear.
It was this timeless unity that was all-important, and not its temporary manifestations in the world of reality.
Nonmagical Confucianism was a secular, rational philosophy, but even with this different orientation it could not escape from the ethos of a cosmic government.
But the "marvelous person" that is supposed to result from Zen exhibits more Chinese practicality than Indian speculation -- he possesses magical powers, and can use them to order nature and to redeem souls.
One patriarch is supposed to have relegated sacred scriptures for use in an outhouse.
But this esoteric doctrine was lost in the shuffle to acquire special powers.
but his companion crossed the river walking on the water and beckoned to Hwang Pah to follow him.
Then the monk praised Yang Shan saying: "I have come over to China in order to worship Manjucri, and met unexpectedly with Minor Shakya", and after giving the master some palm leaves he brought from India, went back through the air.
A Plenary Indulgence under the usual conditions is granted once a month for the daily reading".
But as the One who called you is holy, be you also holy in all your behavior;
All have sinned and have need of the glory of God.
For his workmanship we are, created in Christ Jesus.
and that which is born of the Spirit is spirit.
Cf. 1 St. John 2: 1).
1 St. John 4: 7.
But grow in grace and knowledge of our Lord and Savior, Jesus Christ.
That which is born of the flesh is flesh;
2 Corinthians 17.
He who has not the Son has not the life.
It is now no longer I that live, but Christ lives in me.
Amen, amen, I say to you, he who hears my word, and believes him who sent me, has life everlasting, and does not come to judgment, but has passed from death to life.
you may attend mass, do penance, say prayers and zealously keep all the sacraments and ceremonies of the church;
He was then in man's hands.
You can ignore Him.
He has said, "Behold, I stand at the door, and knock: if any man hear my voice, and open the door, I will come in to him, and will sup with him, and he with me" (Revelation 3:20:
I am a magazine;
Some are so filled with gratitude, for the gift of life and the love of God, that their joy spills out on the paper and brightens the lives of thousands whom they have never known, and will never see.
It is the force in the universe that makes men love goodness, even when they turn away from it.
Neither had any publishing experience, but they had faith in their idea.
Many of you are familiar, I'm sure, with the story of my early struggles: the fire in January, 1947, that destroyed everything -- even our precious list of subscribers.
And now a million January Guideposts are in circulation.
John Beach who guides circulation;
Catherine Marshall LeSourd, the insight that has made her books world-famous and Norm Mullendore, the keen perception of an advertising executive.
Today the cancer is gone.
A good word for it is fellowship.
Havana was filled with an excitement which you could see in the brightness of men's eyes and hear in the pitch of their voices.
My own earliest memories are of exiles: my three brothers and I were taken often to the United States "to visit relatives" while my father stayed on to fight the dictator Machado.
He seemed bent on coupling them with vengeance.
his division of society into two classes, one the hero, the other the villain.
the thump and whir of our new presses.
From that day on I began to write editorials about the things I did not think correct in Fidel Castro's regime.
Undoubtedly you have read the case histories of some of his prize-winning pupils (every pupil has a physique title of some kind or other).
Well, sir they did real great!
That's when he went to Professor Claude.
The dumbbell variation develops a most classically sculptured outline to the Aj.
But as you can also see, it's not a painful exercise at all, because Henri De Courcy -- the "happy" bodybuilder -- looks as though he were having the time of his life!
The aspects of physical development that catch the judges'eyes and which rightfully influence their decisions are symmetry and that hallmark of the true champion -- superior definition of the muscles.
a criterion of muscle "drama" that is unforgettable to judges and audiences alike;
It places terrific tension on the leg muscles from start to finish of each repetition.
Place a suitably-loaded barbell across them;
Oh, you'll wobble and weave quite a bit at first.
The more I talked with him, the more convinced I became that that was the secret of their riotous blooming.
I fingered it and had the feeling of adequacy that comes with the right texture, tilth and body.
I dig it, rake it smooth, sow the seeds and wet them down with a fog spray.
As soon as they are large enough to move, I put mine 9 inches apart where they are to bloom.
They need mulch.
The pansies I cherished most bloomed for me in February during a particularly cold winter.
Try pegging down each separate branch to the earth, using a bobby pin to hold it there.
Go to a reputable grower, preferably a pansy specialist.
Pansies have character.
The flavor is neither sweet, like a pear, nor tart like an orange;
This cooling does not change the avocado in any way, it just delays the natural softening of the fruit until a grovelike temperature (room temperature) is restored.
Their main asset is an abundance of unsaturated fatty acids, so necessary for maintaining the good health of the circulatory system.
The tremendous energy released by giant rocket engines perhaps can be felt much better than it can be heard.
Nuclear weapons have given the world the means for self-destruction in hours or days;
Missiles are very valuable weapons, but they also have their too little known limitations.
Let us suppose the Russians decide to build a rail-mobile ICBM force.
The forces which survive the initial attack must be found and destroyed.
This makes today's aircraft a one-shot, or one mission, weapon.
Using very high thrust-to-weight ratio engines, develop a vertical-takeoff-and-landing (VTOL) long-range military aircraft.
With a 15-to-one engine, a supersonic aircraft weighing 300,000 pounds could rise vertically.
What targets have we successfully knocked out?
It would be even more valuable because that same aircraft could immediately destroy any targets it discovered -- no need to wait for a missile to come all the way from the United States with the chance that the target, if it were mobile, would be gone.
Since it requires only five players, it would seem to fall into the category of chamber music -- yet it calls for a double bass, an instrument generally regarded as symphonic.
Artur Schnabel was one of the greatest Schubert-Beethoven-Mozart players of all time, and any commentary of his on this repertory is valuable.
I, for one, rather regret that Schnabel didn't collaborate with the Budapest Quartet, whose rugged, athletic playing was a good deal closer to this pianist's interpretative outlook than the style of the Belgian group.
(Special compliments to the double bass playing of Johann Krumpp: his scrawny, tottering sound adds a delightful hilarity to the performance.
Telefunken has accorded him beautiful sound, and this bargain-priced disc (it sells for $2.98) is worthy of consideration.
In many cases the revolutionary production has offered no more than sensational effects: the first hearing was fascinating and the second disillusioning as the gap between sound and substance became clearer.
The sound may be good;
The orchestra is far enough away from you that you miss the bow scrapes, valve clicks, and other noises incidental to playing.
Without losing the distinctive undertow of Brahmsian rhythm, the pacing is firm and the over-all performance has a tightly knit quality that makes for maximum cumulative effect.
The already faded pastel charms of the naive music itself vanish entirely in Fistoulari's melodramatic contrasts between ultravehement brute power and chilly, if suave, sentimentality.
Over 60 Juniors, parents and guests attended.
When you and your dog step into the Junior ring, it should be just what the dog wants to do as much as what you want him to do.
hands to guide or restrain;
"Junior Showmanship is an extremely worthy project and should be earnestly encouraged"!
Anne Hone Rogers judges 28th finals
A large number of these Juniors have 7 and 8 wins to their credit and are seasoned campaigners.
Sydney Le Blanc, age 15, Staten Island, N.Y., showing a Doberman Pinscher, was 2nd.
Percy Roberts, a leading judge will not be at the International Show this year for the Junior Judging Contest as he has been invited to judge in Australia in March.
Last year Robert Harris, a leading Junior Handler entered the Dog Judging Contest (Junior) at the International KC of Chicago show and had the highest score in judging of any Junior since the Class'inception.
The Airedale Terrier Club of America and the Kerry Blue Terrier Club of America have under consideration donating trophies to the boys or girls who win with their breeds in Junior Showmanship Competition at any Show.
Once settled, we're careful to walk the dogs in an out of the way spot, keep them under control in the room, and feed and bench them where they can't do any harm to the furnishings or the furniture.
Boating has become a giant whose strides cover the entire nation from sea to shining sea.
The sight of sleek inboards, outboards, and sailboats being wheeled smartly along highways many miles from any water is commonplace.
In this respect, boats can be compared with houses.
Designers and manufacturers have produced models for purchasers who run the gamut from a nautical version of the elderly Pasadena lady who never drove more than five miles an hour on her once-a-month ride around the block, to the sportiest boatman who insists on all the dash, color, flair and speed possible to encompass in a single boat.
and to making the owning of a boat simpler.
Man had enough to worry about managing to get up there and stay without being burdened with rules once aloft.
State numbering laws differ from each other in many ways.
The industry has been its own watch dog.
As America on wheels was responsible for an industry of motor courts, motels, and drive-in establishments where you can dine, see a movie, shop, or make a bank deposit, the ever-increasing number of boating enthusiasts have sparked industries designed especially to accommodate them.
The design of a mechanical interlocking frame is much like a mechanical puzzle, but once understood, the principles can be applied to any track and signal arrangement.
Here's how the scheme works: Suppose the operator pulls the lever to clear a particular signal.
The lock insures that the points are thrown all the way with no chance that a wheel flange will snag on a partly thrown point.
As an engineer approaches the plant the position of the home signal is seen in advance when he passes the "distant" signal located beyond the limits of the interlocking plant.
When cutting the pieces, dress the ends smooth, and square with a smooth file or sanding disk.
These will be drilled and tapped later on.
Placement of these holes is not critical, but they should be located so that the centers are about 1/8" from any edge.
Put the 12 tappets and some Af locking bar spacers in the frame to help align all the components before you tighten the screws.
Cut off excess screw lengths and file flush with either frame or nut.
Scribe a line across the bar on the other end of the tappet, 1/4" plus half the diameter of the 2-56 screw head (about 5/64") away from the frame edge.
A little extra work here will pay off with a smooth, snug-fitting machine when you are finished.
Fig. 8 gives the dimensions for locating the dog-pin holes.
We used the latter equipped with a carborundum disk about
Fashion a sharp scribing point about 3/64" long on one end, using Swiss pattern files.
A mathematical formula is nothing more than a pattern for solving a specific problem.
The lower number is always divided into the upper number: Af
The number on the right of the symbol is always subtracted from the number on the left of the symbol.
Completing the division first also includes those division parts that require multiplication, subtraction, or addition steps: Af.
A constant is a number that remains the same regardless of the other numbers used in the formula and the resultant equation.
Most entry blanks for competitive events require engine displacement information because of class restrictions.
Dimensions in centimeters and fractions of centimeters will give the displacement in cubic centimeters (cc.).
Cylinder volume can be determined mathematically but combustion chamber volume must be measured with a liquid.
The compression ratio arrived at with the formula will be the same regardless of whether cubic inches or cubic centimeters are used.
After the factors just described have been computed, they are applied to the following formula: Af
By using the appropriate version any one of these factors can be determined for any combination of the other three.
A tire must be inflated to its normal hot operating pressure and the car must be loaded to its operating weight when this measurement is made.
To determine the rear axle gear ratio for a combination of the other three factors, the formula is: Af.
Monel shows improvement with each work-out and looks the makings of a good brood mare after winning her share of races.
Then, after emasculation, he was eased up for a couple of weeks.
The first time he was harnessed he stood like a gentle old mare;
Blistered for curbs and laid off three weeks, he is coming along fine and looks like a pacer to me.
on Jan. 18 2:37.3--:36.1;
This colt is another fine-looking equine.
Hickory Spark (Harlan-Hickory Tiny) 2:37;
Charm Rodney (Rodney-The Charmer) 2:37;
Knightfall (Knight Dream-Miss Worthy Grapes) 2:36;
They left the three-quarters together and finished almost together.
Premium Freight (Titan Hanover-Pebble Hanover), 2:30.3-35.3;
Jimmy Jordon is high on Adios Scarlet (Adios-Rena Grattan) and she sure looks good as she goes by.
Eddie Duke, p, 3 (by Duke Of Lullwater), Marilyn C., p (by Sampson Hanover) and Chalidale Barry, 5 (by King's Ransom) in 2:20;
Mocking Byrd, p, 2:01.1 has been in 2:12, with a racing date approaching at Bay Meadows.
the time to decide on them is now.
Small antelope were generally grassed with one shot, and the Magnum carbine also bagged reedbuck, kob and wart hog with deadly efficiency;
He moved only about 30 feet after the 240-grain slug hit him -- and this was after the bullet had passed through a sapling.
The velocity of this
Hunting rifles,'61
.
auto, the Sport-King, in two grades -- field and special (less than $45 and just over $45, respectively).
The 989 (about $40) is an even newer
They'll travel 50 feet or more when thrown from the spring trap but it's almost impossible to break one after it passes the 35-foot mark.
The replacement of the slide-lock side safety catch will make this lever-action favorite more appealing than ever since the new safety is easier and faster to operate.
Stock design is excellent, and this model is a good first gun.
Although there were no startling developments in shotgun design this year, a number of new models and variations of existing models did hit the market.
this is an improved version of the old Model 200, a pump-action 12-gauge shotgun.
Twice a week he drove his tallyho over the Santa Cruz road, upland and through the redwood forest, with orchards below him at one hand, and glimpses of the Pacific at the other.
In the Spanish days Franciscan monks roamed here to collect the resin for incense.
Vernon was consummately fond of oysters, and Manning's had been famous for them since the Civil War.
this was merely a ritual, to please all hands concerned.
Here is an original kedgeree recipe from the Family Club's kitchen:
A jigger of dry Sherry follows, and as the mixture stiffens, in go a hundred of the little oysters.
Promptly at seven he would clatter out of the court with twelve in the tallyho.
one fork of the road was as good as another.
Many of its sojourners were devoted to seclusion and quiet, and lived there to the end of their days.
Every winter a kegful of this sauce was made and placed at the end of a row of four other kegs in the cellar, so that when its turn came, it was properly mellowed.
The recipe, which he got from the baker, and wrote down in his ledger, is basically this:
the sky-reaching peaks of the Northwest mountains;
birthplace of the nation, the Northeast offers historic battlefields;
At Sturbridge Village, Massachusetts, you'll find a completely-restored New England town.
Pictures can be taken in the public areas and when on tours.
Of special interest this anniversary year of the war between the states are the many Civil War battlefields where, likely as not, you'll catch some memorial re-enactments.
One of the most delightful spots in a southern tour is the city of New Orleans.
Another scenic spot in Tennessee is Chattanooga where the Rock City Gardens are not to be missed.
For shooting the interiors of the famous ante-bellum Southern mansions make sure your equipment includes a tripod.
Wisconsin Dells, where fantastically scenic rocks carved by the Wisconsin River are overgrown with fern and other foliage, rates a stopover when traveling from Chicago.
Itasca State Park, where the Mississippi River begins, is one of the outstanding tourist spots in Minnesota.
Photos of historic dioramas of the area you visit will add depth and background to your vacation photo story.
The West
It is an exotic place, so different from the ordinary that the casual tourist is likely to see at first only the contrast and the ugliness of narrow streets lined with haphazard houses.
Rich in Christian and Moslem art, Istanbul is today a fascinating museum of East and West that recently became a seaside resort as well with the development of new beaches on the Bosphorus and the Sea of Marmara only a short distance from the center of town.
Passing it, the bus climbed a hill, with the covered spice bazaar on the right and Pandelli's, a famous and excellent restaurant, above it.
Inside over the first door I saw one of these, which shows Constantine offering the city to the Virgin Mary and Justinian offering the temple.
At the beginning of the Hippodrome I saw the Kaiser's Fountain, an ugly octagonal building with a glass dome, built in 1895 by the German Emperor, and on my left, directly across from it, the tomb of Sultan Ahmet, who constructed the Blue Mosque, more properly known by his name.
Back at the Kaiser's Fountain, I walked left to the streetcar stop and rode up the hill -- any car will do -- past the Column of Constantine, also known as the Burnt Column, at the top on my right.
I found it fairly depressing and emerged almost immediately.
Going through a door into another small court, I had the Throne Room directly in front.
Make use of the back of the barbecue or of the hood for heating vegetables, sauces and such.
Do buy meat the day or the day before you intend to cook it.
Don't think you have to start with the most expensive equipment in the world.
Do without fancy tablecloths.
Except when you prepare "do it yourself" shish kebob or a lobster roast.
Be sure to get a few more than you need.
You need a little stove, a coffee pot and a stew pot;
A story goes that a certain Herr Feuchtwanger of St. Louis, around 1883 served his sausages (grilled) and mustard to his fancy customers.
-- Relishes are as vital to the success of the frank as are buns.
1 cup chili sauce 1/3 cup water 1 tablespoon barbecue sauce 2 teaspoons prepared mustard 1/2 pound chipped, spiced ham 6 sandwich buns, heated
The fun of toasting their own sausages over the small Oriental charcoal burners and dipping them in tasty sauces will keep your group busy -- try it and see!
Make sauces ahead.
Be sure to have plenty of frankfurters and buns on hand.
Add a few caraway seeds, too, if you'd like.
Serve in frankfurter buns or as a meat dish.
Blend 2 cups biscuit mix with 2/3 cup milk to make a soft dough.
Combine ingredients;
Stoneware clay for tiles.
When mold has more than one design cavity, make individual paper patterns.
gently lift the edge on far side, then continue to release edge completely around mold.
Rectangular tiles
(opposite page, bottom): White clay was used, rolled to 1/4" thickness.
Bisque fired to cone 05.
Pattern for inner lid piece E fits inside Aj.
Join B to bottom of A, scoring and reinforcing with clay coil.
Check fit of lid on jar;
When dry they were fired to cone 06-05.
Score beveled edges and remove pieces from mold;
Use water on finger to smooth seams and edges.
Form clay strip into a cylinder;
Score outside of container where handle ends will be joined.
Vases may be made into candles by filling with melted wax and a wick.
Do not use wood as it will not shrink with the clay and would cause breakage.
Photograph shows the wrong side of work with light strand being picked up under dark strand in position to be purled.
When directions read "sl a marker on needle", put a small safety pin, paper clip, or commercial ring marker on needle.
Do not draw yarn too tight.
Hold edges together, right side up.
Nor is she a wet boat.
A comparable manufactured boat would cost close to $3,000.
In this way you will be able to detect any obvious mistakes.
After the frames and transom are set up on the jig and temporarily braced, a piece of three-inch-wide mahogany (only widths will be given since the 13/16-inch thickness is used throughout) is butted between frames one and two below the line of the keelson.
The stem is laminated from four pieces.
Glue and 1-1/2-inch, No. 10 screws are used.
The 42-inch width leaves very little waste.
It may then be pre-drilled for the fastenings.
Lay the cloth in place and trim it to size.
This protects the bottom in beaching.
These flaring parts really help to keep the boat dry.
Use one coat of Firzite and one coat of marine paint.
Available in Af sheets, it costs about a dollar a square foot.
The idea behind our design is modular units, or panelization.
in a remote section there might be no restrictions at all.
Some general things to look for in a site, if you haven't already bought one, are accessibility, water drainage, and orientation.
With this first issue we give you a list of the materials needed to build the basic (AjA version) and the expandable (AjB version).
The fixed window panels with louvers should have a good grade of 1/8-inch double-strength glass set in a mastic glazing compound.
With modern techniques of woodworking and the multitude of cutting tools, fixtures, and attachments available, the drill press has become a basic home workshop tool.
A coat of paste wax or a rubdown with a piece of wax paper will protect the polished surface of the table;
Turning the housing clockwise will reduce tension, counter-clockwise will increase it.
See the table on page 34 for exact recommended speeds.
The adjustable fly cutter is very useful for cutting large diameter holes and can be used to cut exact-size discs by reversing the cutter blade.
The depth gauge rod can now be set, and any number of holes bored to exact and identical depth.
A month later the General Court served notice to the town of Newbury that the bridge was to be built.
The whole length of Essex bridge is one thousand and thirty feet and its breadth thirty-four.
Richard S. Allen is the authority for the statement that the northern section was probably roofed by 1810.
The north portion of the Essex bridge was well worth the cost of construction, although it proved to be twice what was estimated in the beginning.
"Mr. Palmer will attend to any applications relating to bridges and if desired will view the proposed site, and lay out and superintend the work, or recommend a suitable person to execute it.
Sturdy and strong after more than a century of continuous use, the old covered, wooden bridge that spans the Tygartis Valley River at Philippi will have a distinctive part in the week-long observance of the first land battle of the Civil War at its home site, May 28th to June 3rd.
Completed and opened for traffic in 1852, the bridge was designed and built by Lemuel Chenoweth and his brother, Eli, of Beverly.
Jones relented, he did not order his men to apply the torch -- the drove of livestock was driven up the valley, via Beverly, and across the mountains to feed and serve the Confederate army, while Jones and his raiders turned toward Buckhannon to join forces with Imboden.
So our innate generosity of spirit prompts us to share our trials, errors and solutions with any who are taking the pool plunge for the first time -- in the pious hope that some may profit from our experience.
Another dilemma: As picturesque as a sylvan pond in the forest may be, trees offer a leaf and root hazard to the well-being of a pool.
But if space and money are no problem and small children are not on hand every day, it is certainly more restful to have your pool and entertainment area removed from the immediate environs of the house.
We had merely been discovered by the pool sharks.
Their friends and ours are welcome to share the pool, but on our terms and at our times.
We designated one day a week as the time when neighborhood teen-agers might swim at definite hours.
In many localities, now, the law requires all pools to be fenced, usually to a minimum height of 5 feet.
They are the result of a constant and careful contest with the elements.
You need algaecide.
Much of the dirt and leaf stain is easily removed when damp, but requires dynamite if allowed to dry.
Never let anyone not in the know take a turn at the valves -- even if the little boys do want to play space ship.
No less an authority than the FHA concurs that the savings air conditioning makes possible more than offset its operating costs.
The cleaner air means less time spent pushing a vacuum, fewer trips to the dry cleaners, lighter loads for the washing machine.
That brings its per-year cost down mighty low.
This costs less than having a completely separate cooling system, for your regular heating ductwork, filters and furnace blower do double duty for cooling.
Be sure you get a perimeter heating system, and diffusers that will work as well for cooling as they do for heating.
In a long, rambling ranch, two such units can be installed, one serving the living area, the other the sleeping zone.
Consider it as a standby setup, at negligible cost, for those emergencies when the furnace quits, a blizzard holds up fuel delivery, or for cool summer mornings or evenings when you don't want to start up your whole heating plant.
This is if outdoor temperatures have a high average of 95 degrees.
Better to have your equipment slightly undersized than too big.
Keep the direct sun from reaching the house and you've won the first battle.
They're easier to shade there.
You'll foil them in droves, along with their pal humidity, by having and using a kitchen range exhaust fan, a bathroom ventilator for when you shower, and an outside vent for the clothes drier.
Begin the examination of a site with a good map and aerial photos if possible.
For site planning work, it is best to have a qualified and experienced park planner to carry through the study.
In looking for the best sites available that meet the requirements, you need information to compare the site with others.
Some recreation features, such as scenic values and water interest, also have greater overall value than other interests.
A body of water is usually the center of interest at parks which attract the greatest picnic and camping use.
Other natural features which can be of high interest are the forests, canyons, mountains, deserts, seacoast, beaches, sand dunes, waterfalls, springs, etcetera with which the area is blessed.
Each area has its own historical interests with which much can be done.
size and shape
-- The values of the site may be affected by the appearance of the adjoining lands, ownership and use of the land, and the utilities available there.
The quantity and quality of water sources is often a big factor in site selection.
-- How much will wind, rain, sun, and temperature affect the use?
These qualities endeared him to both the musicians and the social-economic haute monde which supported the concert world of the post-World War 1, era.
I heard the Classical Symphony for the first time when Koussevitzky conducted it in Paris in 1927.
We attended the premieres of his concertos, symphonies, and suites;
The world exploded when Fascism challenged all concepts of peace and liberty, and the outraged, freedom-loving peoples of the Capitalist and Socialist worlds combined forces to stamp Fascist tyranny into cringing submission.
By 1937 he had clarified his intentions to serve his people: "I have striven for clarity and melodious idiom, but at the same time I have by no means attempted to restrict myself to the accepted methods of harmony and melody.
the later works were conceived to affirm a way of life for fellow citizens.
Prokofieff might well emerge as a cultural hero, who, by the force of his creative life, helped preserve the main stream of tradition, to which the surviving idioms of current experimentalism may be eventually added and integrated.
When Stravinsky shaped his purpose to the shifting scenes of many cultures, many salons, many dialectics, many personalities, he tried to refashion himself into a stylist of many styles, determined by many disparate cultures.
a poor attempt to write an idiomatic jazz concerto;
symphony orchestras, opera and ballet companies;
That he mastered every aspect of his medium according to his own great talents and contemporary judgments, is a good and solid symbol of his people under the tremendous pressures of proclaiming and practising the rigors of a new culture;
Mason had to earn the privilege of devoting himself exclusively to painting.
He worked in oil for years before beginning his work in watercolor, and his first public recognition and early honors, including his election to the Academy, were for his essays in the heavier medium.
duplicable -- no!
Out of long experience I have found that incidental figures and other objects like trees, logs, and bushes can be traced from the original sketch and moved about in the major areas on the final sheet until they occupy the right position, which I call clicking.
The longer I work, the more I am sure that for me, at least, a workmanlike method is important.
I also use a small electric hand-blower to dry large washes in the studio.
Long observation has taught Mason that most landscape can be reduced to three essential planes: a foreground in sharp focus -- either a light area with dark accents or a dark one with lights;
By dealing with common landscape in an uncommon way, Roy Mason has found a particular niche in American landscape art.
and others in Buffalo, New York, Chautauqua, New Haven, Rochester, Rockport, and most recently, the $300 prize for a watercolor at the Laguna Beach Art Association,
But if it is important, what can we do to improve ourselves?
Another reason gymnastic study is valuable is that it can be started very early in life.
Eighty thousand won top honors and a chance to try for the team itself.
If we wait until children are in junior high or high school, we will never manage it.
Ask any group of ballerinas to do ten push-ups or three chin-ups and the results, considering the amount of physical training they have had, will be very disappointing.
Parents should be informed about this system and encouraged to do the same with the whole family at home.
Fall slowly forward onto the hands and let the body down to rest on the floor.
Handstands come after arms, chest and shoulders have developed at least a minimum of strength.
Bare feet are better for such work than any form of slipper.
As flexibility improves, the feet will move closer to the hands and the bridge rise higher.
Somersaults
When the child raises his seat into the air, the teacher takes hold under both sides of the pelvis;
When we consider the electronic industry potential for human betterment, the prospect is staggering.
Many cells, bacteria, and other microorganisms are transparent to visible light and must be stained for microscopic investigation.
The video signal is amplified and then switched, in synchronism with the three ultraviolet light sources which are sequenced by the rotating mirror so that during one-twentieth of a second only one wavelength, corresponding to red, green, or blue, is seen.
Breathing -- electronically analyzed
A group of researchers at the University of Washington have given a paper which briefly outlines some of these techniques.
It uses both an ultrasonic dimensioning arrangement of the heart and a catheter carrying a thermistor inserted into the bloodstream.
Battery life limited the use of this "pill" to about 8 to 30 hours maximum.
Our readers are familiar with the principles of sonar where sound waves are sent out in water and the echoes then indicate submerged objects.
For display, Dr. Baum uses a portion of an Af, an airborne radar indicator, and then photographs the screen to obtain a permanent record.
Oersted's boyhood represented a minimal chance of either attaining greatness or serving his people so well and over so long a span of life.
they read every book that they could borrow in the village.
He openly proclaimed his pleasure in lecturing and writing about science.
these were Oersted's main contacts in science.
Ritter proceeded, "You now emerge into a new epoch in which late in the year 1819 or 1820, you will have to reckon.
In February 1801, Oersted did manage to experiment with physical apparatus and reported experiments made with a voltaic battery of 600 plates of zinc and silver and of later experiments with a battery of 60 plates of zinc and lead.
Chapter 8, is entitled "On Magnetism" and in it are included such remarks as, "One has always been tempted to compare the magnetic forces with the electrical forces.
An attempt should be made to see if electricity, in its most latent stage, has any action on the magnet as such".
Discovery of electromagnetism
Knowing specifically what the many feed additives can do and how and when to feed them can make a highly competitive business more profitable for beef, dairy, and sheep men.
Oxytetracycline hydrochloride (Terramycin) what it does:
Beef and dairy
Drug's chemical name:
As an aid in reducing bacterial diarrhea and preventing foot rot, feed not less than 0.1 milligram per pound of body weight daily.
What it does:
Drug's chemical name:
It may be incorporated into cattle creep feeds in levels from 1.0 to 1.5 milligrams of diethylstilbestrol per pound of feed.
How to feed:
Cows receiving drug may not be officially tested under breed registry testing programs.
Ronnel.
What it does:
How to feed:
Following single-dose treatment, milk should be discarded for 4 days following treatment.
For the prevention or treatment of acetonemia (ketosis) in dairy cows.
Drug's chemical name:
How to feed:
Caution:
Fence-line feeding.
Many companies have upgraded their sales manpower and tested new selling, distribution, and promotion techniques to gain a bigger competitive edge.
Here are some key areas to examine to make sure your pricing strategy will be on target:
There are two reasons for this.
To the manufacturer of the more convenient-type product -- the purchase of which can be switched, delayed, or put off entirely -- the implications are important.
Instead of relatively small sales to many accounts, there are now larger sales to or through fewer accounts.
If you are up against private brand competition, have you formulated a long-term program for researching and strengthening your market position?
Are you experimenting with different selling slants in developing new customers?
Will your trade customers settle for less attention and fewer frills in return for some benefit they can share?
Increasing tempo of new product development.
who can develop reliable estimates of sales volume, production, and distribution costs;
Most marketing people agree it is going to take redoubled efforts to satisfy future requirements.
Every single problem touched on thus far is related to good marketing planning.
Solutions frequently suggest themselves when you accurately pinpoint your problems, whether they be in the market, in marketing methods or in marketing management.
The American Institute of Interior Designers has published a recommended course for designers and a percentage layout of such a course.
Makes necessary purchases, places contracts, supervises construction, installation, finishing and placement of furniture, fixtures and other correlated furnishings, and follows through to completion of project".
Yet even here many a problem is presented;
But to continue to divorce advanced students from reality is inexcusable.
This anomalous status of the educator cannot fail to lower his standing in the eyes of the students.
The reason and the day of "grandfather clauses" has long since passed.
Considerable specialization in teaching subjects such as architecture, furniture design, textiles and color is also desirable.
The basic problem involved is that a college setting up a graduate school must have an entirely separate faculty for the advanced degree.
Independent art schools granting degrees must, naturally, follow this with academic accreditation by the appropriate regional group.
Are there other, cheaper communications techniques that could be substituted?
When did you last compare your present premium costs with the costs of insurance from other sources?
Plant feeding facilities
Are your expenses in this area commensurate with the number of employees who benefit from your program?
Do you know the trend in your cost of maintaining access roads and parking lots?
Can vacations be spaced throughout the 12 months to minimize the number of employee fill-ins?
If you have a full-time doctor now, can he be replaced with a part-time doctor or one who serves on a fee-per-case basis only?
What's your profit margin?
If you want credit for your employee services program, let your workers know what they're entitled to.
You may find certain coverage costing much more than is economically feasible, thereby alerting you to desirable revisions.
In granting bereavement leaves, specify the maximum time off and list what the worker's relation to the deceased must be to qualify.
Keep the retirement age flexible so skilled craftsmen such as tool and die makers can be kept on the job for the convenience of the company.
Holidays
Consider using vending machines rather than subsidized cafeterias.
And with the shutdown method there will be no argument as to who gets the choice vacation dates.
The American firearms and ammunition manufacturers through diligent research and technical development have replaced the muzzle loader and slow-firing single-shot arms with modern fast firing auto-loaders, extremely accurate bolt, lever, and slide action firearms.
The group known as the American Association for Health, Physical Education, and Recreation (a division of the National Education Association) initiated a conference which brought together representatives of the National Rifle Association, SAAMI and the American Fishing Tackle Manufacturers.
This program is now nationally known as "Teen Hunter Clubs".
While individual sportsmen are aware of this situation, too many of our political, social, educational and even religious leaders too often forget it.
We were camping a few weeks ago on Cape Hatteras Campground in that land of pirates, seagulls and bluefish on North Carolina's famed Outer Banks.
Almost every official who reflects on it thinks this movement of Americans to canvas dwellings opens one of the most promising of all outdoor markets.
The National Parks, always popular camping places, are facing the same pressure.
The more people learn about their country, the more they want to learn.
Where Americans used to think of a single vacation each summer, they now think about how many vacations they can have.
And this helps explain why so many people are now going camping.
the scientist who rebelled against the personnel and paper work;
Labor fights to change its collar from blue to white.
This leads one to conclude, as you have, that there is inevitably more prestige in a management position in the minds of our people".
Actually, there are a number of individual-contributor positions in both operating departments and in the company-wide "services" operation that are filled by men with successful managerial experience who are currently broadening their capabilities.
Consulting Electrical Engineer,
The second level, senior engineer, rates slightly below first-level supervision.
These headquarters engineers, headed by the vice-president -- Engineering, counsel and advise divisional managers and chief engineers on product problems as well as aid with design;
"We have tried to make both paths attractive, so that good men could find opportunity and satisfaction in either.
This approach has not been entirely satisfactory.
"We have two approaches for the technical man: the position of staff engineer, which is rated as high in salary as department manager;
These include encouragement of, and assistance to, the engineer in preparation and publication of technical papers.
The salary level of an individual within the group will reflect the scientific community's acceptance of him as an authority in his scientific field.
Its president is Otis M. Waters, partner in the law firm of Timen & Waters, 540-K Chrysler Bldg., New York City.
A new low capacity meter is the key that unlocks the situation at Oakwood Heights.
For the central storage, Tri-State buys one acre, Buries its tanks and simply holds permanent title to that piece.
In the present project the heating is by circulating hot water from Paragon boiler-burner units with summer-winter domestic hot water hookups.
They like it and would supply most of the capital because of the long term leases by strong oil companies.
It would be pretty difficult to install a Tri-State system in old neighborhoods, and that's an understatement.
others were building.
The word means it won't boil away easily, nothing else.
Check the temperature gage and be sure it is working.
Are you paying too much for your truck insurance?
This means that if your insured vehicle is laid up for more than 30 days, insurance can be suspended and a proportionate return of your premium made to you.
Designers of signs and displays have shown a refreshing approach to the adaptation of plastics that has influenced the workings of other industries.
Industry sources are now estimating that 75% of the signs made during the 1960's will be of plastic construction.
Plastics combine such properties as built-in color, light weight, optional transparency or translucency, resistance to corrosion, as well as the ease of fabrication.
They offer exceptional design freedom, making it possible to incorporate contours and details which give free range to the talents of the designer.
What plastics to use?
New to the field is a duplex type butyrate laminate in which the two sheets of the laminate are of different color.
One of the most significant advancements in design of plastics signs is the so-called trans-illuminated billboard, now being produced by several large sign manufacturers such as Advance Neon Sign Co., Los Angeles, and Industrial Electric Inc., New Orleans, La.
It is believed that these boards will, within the next few years, replace many of the conventional flood-lighted boards now in use.
Changeable letters fill many needs
For large letters, e.g. thermoformed of acrylic or butyrate, there are other techniques.
Still another approach to the changeable letter type of sign is a modular unit introduced by Merritt Products, Azusa, Calif.
Don't insert your components into fixed openings, they may or may not fit;
Don't position your studs before you insert your windows in conventional construction;
.
For example, instead of putting in your driveways last (as many builders do) you can now save money by putting them in first.
Five years ago a House & Home Round Table cosponsored by the Lumber Dealers'Research Council reported unhappily:
1.
an NLRDA survey found that at least 492 lumber mills will strap their shipments for mechanized handling.
later came a 1961 cut on the West Coast (still pending elsewhere) of $.07/cwt on 70,000 lb-plus carloads (which works out to more than $4/mbf on that portion of the load in excess of 70,000 lb.
It cuts the lumber dealer's cost because it takes only one man -- the driver -- to unload it, and because it unloads in a fraction of the time and at a fraction of the cost of hand unloading.
Builder Eddie Carr of Washington, past president of NAHB, cut his bricklaying costs $150 a house by adopting the "SCR masonry process" worked out after careful time-&-motion studies by the Structural Clay Products Research Foundation to help bricklayers do better work for less.
New rule no. 5:
Not necessarily to be off all by ourselves, but away from the crowds and common happenstance.
An almost too-simple-to-be-true way to set forth on such adventures is just to put yourself behind the wheel of a car and head for the open road.
Since charges are relatively the same, reserving a car before you leave for Europe will assure you of having one on tap when you want it.
Rental fees are variable, too, throughout the countries of Europe.
A little investigation by telephone or reading the travel ads in the newspapers and magazines will give you these pertinent details on the additional money-saving benefits.
The variations are not too great.
There are reasons for some people not wanting to rent cars and going on the do-it-yourself plan.
However, whether you arrange to have a European or American model, if you rent a car with the proper seating capacity in relation to the number of people in your party, your transportation expense will average very close to $10.00 per day per passenger.
And the drawling, oversoft voice of flirtation, though fairly overt, was still well within the prescribed gambit of their culture.
It was there, in the course of trying to prepare new men for the "culture shock" they might encounter in remote overseas posts, that he first began to develop a system of charting the "norms of human communication".
this is a "fade" ending, and what you have here is a downtalking style of speech, expressing something less than conventional respect for mother.
Newest to this high-powered battery are the experts in linguistics who have carried that minimum to a new level.
Then she catapults into "everything and everybody", putting particular violence on "everybody", indicating to the linguist that this is a spot to flag -- that is, it is not congruent to the patient's general style of speech up to this point.
The phrase, "emotional death", interesting and, to a non-scientific mind, rather touching, suggests that this woman may have some flair for words, perhaps even something of the temperament regrettably called "creative".
Stammering or repetition of I, you, he, she, et cetera may signal ambiguity or uncertainty.
Hardly anyone ashore marked her as she anchored stern-to off Berth 29 on the mole.
"From time to time since the present war began there have been reports that one or more of the Axis powers were seriously contemplating use of poisonous gas or noxious gases or other inhumane devices of warfare.
So the vile cargo went into the hole of the John Harvey.
On November 24th, they had made a raid on La Maddalena.
So Captain Jenks returned to his harbor post to watch the scouting plane put in five more appearances, and to feel the certainty of this dread rising within him.
"This harbor is a bomber's paradise", the Britisher had said with frank grimness.
Ensign Vesole decided that he would not tarry until he heard the whispering of the bombs, and when night began to fall, he put Seaman 2/c Donald L. Norton and Seaman 1/c William A. Rochford on the guns and told them to start shooting the moment they saw an enemy silhouette.
They seemed happy at the delay in unloading, glad at the chance to go ashore in a lively liberty port such as Bari.
It was a clear night and it was raining!
He frowned.
Unsinkable slowed and stopped, hundreds of brilliant white flares swayed eerily down from the black, the air raid sirens ashore rose in a keening shriek, the anti-aircraft guns coughed and chattered -- and above it all motors roared and the bombs came whispering and wailing and crashing down among the ships at anchor at Bari.
They got it over the side and clambered aboard only a few minutes before their schooner went under.
The order to abandon ship was given, but cries of pain could be heard from the wounded below decks.
One day Maeterlinck, coming with a friend upon an event which he recognized as the exact pattern of a previous dream, detailed the ensuing occurrences in advance so accurately that his companion was completely mystified.
I recall the startling, vivid realism of a dream in which I lived through the horror of the bombing of a little Korean town.
whereas, it is a matter of fact that Smith cannot drive a car.
Hereby, the external object viewed by the eyes remains the thing that is seen, not the retinal image, the purpose of which would be to achieve perceptive cooperation by stirring sympathetic impulses in the other sensory centers, motor tensions, associated word symbols, and consciousness.
The senses in each counterpart bear the impression only of phenomena that share its own frequency, whereas those upon all other frequencies are invisible, inaudible and intactible to them.
But, in denying any physical reality for this dream, how could the brain possibly compose that realistic, vividly visual continuity uninterrupted by misty fadeout, violent break or sudden substitution?
Chauncey Depew, one-time runner-up for the Republican Presidential nomination, was attending a convention at Saratoga, where he was scheduled to nominate Colonel Theodore Roosevelt for Governor of New York when he noticed that the temporary chairman was a man he had never met.
When served in a psychological atmosphere that allows young bodies to assimilate the greatest good from what they eat because they are free from tension, a foundation is laid for a high level of health that releases the children from physical handicaps to participate with enjoyment in the work assignments, the athletic programs and the most important phase, the educational opportunities.
Where a growing season may, with luck, allow 60 days without frost, and where the soil is poor, sandy, quick-drying and subject to erosion, many farmers fail.
All these materials and supplementary manure and other fertilizers from neighboring dairy and poultry farms made over 40 tons of finished compost a year.
the cabbage and squash keep until March or April.
Of course they learned in time that they not only could use whole-wheat bread, but the children liked it better.
She goes on about her work and listens for the completion of the grinding.
At the beginning of the school year, the new students don't eat the cereal right away, but within a short time they are eating it voraciously.
Sprouted grains and seeds are used in salads and dishes such as chop suey.
Dried fruits are purchased from sources where they are neither sulphured nor sprayed.
Drinking with meals is also discouraged;
They tasted good to him, so he brought some to breakfast to eat in his cereal bowl with milk and honey.
The school finds that the children are satisfied with smaller amounts of food since all of it is high in quality.
Buffeted by swirling winds, the little green biplane struggled northward between the mountains beyond Northfield Gulf.
Clerks and postmasters shoveled muck out of their offices -- those who still had offices -- and wondered how to move the mail.
The only available field that could be used near flood-ravaged Montpelier was on the Towne farm off upper Main Street, a narrow hillside where takeoffs and landings could be safely made only under light wind conditions.
Piloting a Curtiss Navy MF flying boat off Lake Winnipesaukee in 1925, he had inaugurated the original Rural Delivery air service in America.
The first few days Bob Fogg set his plane down on Towne field back of the State House when the wind was right, and used Wilson flat above Barre when it wasn't.
A long flat known as the St. John field seemed to answer their purpose, and since the Winooski bridges were at last passable, they decided to use it.
A sheep-lined leather flying suit, plus helmet, goggles and mittens completed his attire for the rigors of the open cockpit.
Concord learned to set its clocks by the rackety bark of the Whirlwind's exhaust overhead.
At the end of the calculated time he'd nose the Waco down through the cloud bank and hope to break through where some feature of the winter landscape would be recognizable.
If so, are you saying, "Where did the last few years go?
Sixty-five years and you've had it!
How am I going to live?
Actually, you can take no special credit for this.
The answer is a new era.
Let's face it!
Some have serenity of mind, the ability to accept what they have, and make the most of it (a wonderful gift to have, believe me) -- some see only darkness, the bitter side of everything.
Make up your mind to pool your resources and get the most out of your remaining years of life.
We are not all great artists.
Some women can sit and sew, crochet, tat or knit by the hour, and look calm and relaxed and turn out beautiful work.
There is always an open market for this sort of delicacy, in spite of low calorie diets, cottage cheese and hands-off-all-sweets to the contrary.
Perhaps you would like to become a writer.
Then there's always hobbies, collecting stamps, coins, timetables, salt and pepper shakers, elephants, dogs, dolls, shells, or shall we just say collecting anything your heart desires?
It's getting interested in something that counts.
The mature person is creative.
This gives him the power to form in his mind new image combinations of old memories, ideas and experiences and to project them outside of himself into his environment in new and ever-changing forms.
We must realize with Prof. Charles Morris in his The Open Self that "Man is the being that can continually remake himself, the artisan that is himself the material for his own creation".
Privacy must be highly assured both in time and place.
Often it is thin and fragile and gives way readily to the male organ at the first attempt at intercourse.
Obviously, the bridal pair has many adjustments to make to their new situation.
That is, when first penetration takes place, the pressure and pain signals may involuntarily cause all the vaginal muscles to contract in an effort to bar the intrusion and prevent further pain.
Folk-lore, superstition and remembered passages from erotic literature can create physical and emotional problems if blindly taken as scientific facts and useful hints.
at least until repeated intercourse has dilated it and pain is no longer a possible threat against the full pleasure of love-making.
The emotional stimulation may be so great that he may experience a premature climax.
Too many new things are happening for it to be a complete erotic fulfillment.
Such understanding helps to explain why one matron celebrating thirty-five years of married life could declare with some pride that her husband had "never seen her entirely naked", while another woman, boasting an equal number of years of married life, is proud of having "shared the nudist way of life -- the really free, natural nude life -- for most of that period".
This is the ideal.
But there is little doubt that in many marriages the wife is boss of the marital bed.
A world in which wives have taken a more active role is likely to produce sexual relationships in which wives are more self-assertive, too".
In one extreme case, cited by a Pittsburgh psychologist, an office worker's wife refused to have sexual relations with her husband unless he bought her the luxuries she demanded.
After every money argument, she rebuffed her husband's overtures until the matter was settled in her favor.
Naturally no woman can ever completely monopolize the sexual initiative.
They like to be dominated.
Wives of the period shamefacedly thought of themselves as "used" by their husbands -- and, history indicates, they often quite literally were.
A woman who dominates other family affairs will dominate the sexual relationship as well".
Often she fails to gain sexual satisfaction".
In any case, Dr. Calderone remarks, such problems are a couple's own affair, and can't always be measured by a general yardstick.
The New York D.A. gave her another, The Golden Girl of cafe society.
Diane was needed as a material witness in the case and New York police searched three continents before they found her in their own back yard -- in a swank hotel, of course.
She lied in order to get it.
But she seemed to have underestimated the number of her "boy friends".
"I'd love to audition for you", she gushed.
More often than not he would bow to the inevitable.
No one ever learned what happened to the Greek.
They were asked to leave the hotel.
A close friend of hers in the Roman days described it this way:
Tewfik Badrawi, Mohammed Gaafer and numerous other wealthy members of Cairo society enjoyed her company.
Newspapers at the time noted that the move indicated that she was co-operating with the District Attorney.
McClellan, who had once lost his medical license temporarily on a charge of drug addiction, was with her when she died.
She was on the junk, and they slide fast when that happens.
But I knowingly abuse their confidence.
The human body -- he pointed out, for example -- required 33 units of blue light.
Why, I once used this machine to cure a woman with 97 pounds of cancer in her body".
Mrs. Shaefer never got around to joining the thousand or so people who paid Lee some $30,000 for his ozone machines.
He milks the latest scientific advances, translating them into his own special Buck Rogers vocabulary to huckster his fake machines as a cure-all for everything from hay fever to sexual impotence and cancer.
Multiply these figures by the millions of people known to be conned by medical pirates annually.
By preying on the sick, by playing callously on the hopes of the desperate, by causing the sufferer to delay proper medical care, these medical ghouls create pain and misery by their very activity.
After his pains got worse, Tom decided to see a real doctor, from whom he learned he was suffering from cancer of the lung.
Doris Hull, suffering from tuberculosis, was taken by her husband to see Otis G. Carroll, a sanipractor -- a licensed drugless healer -- in Spokane.
When authorities convicted him of practicing medicine without a license (he got off with a suspended sentence of three years because of his advanced age of 77), one of his victims was not around to testify: He was dead of cancer.
People who have not been able to get relief from regular medical doctors are especially apt to be taken in by quacks".
Richard Stewart is no special case.
A chin too prominent in relation to the rest of the face, a thrusting forward of the lower front teeth, an overdeveloped lower jawbone, and an underdeveloped upper jaw indicate the opposite type of malocclusion.
However, this does not mean that a child's teeth or jaws must necessarily resemble those of someone in his family.
Some such youngsters rarely smile, or they try to speak with the mouth closed.
The when and how of straightening
As the tooth moves, bone cells on the pressure side of it will dissolve, and new ones will form on the side from which the tooth has moved.
Susie's teeth have now been guided into a desirable new position.
The charge for a complete full-banded job differs in various parts of the country.
In many cities in the United States clinics associated with dental schools will take patients at a nominal fee.
In the past an orthodontist might have tried, over four or five years, to straighten and fit the boy's large teeth into a jaw that, despite some growth, would never accommodate them.
Plastics are easier to handle than the vulcanized rubber formerly used, and they save time and money.
From time to time the medium mentions other people "around him", who were "on the other side", and reports what they are saying.
They may, of course, be curiosity seekers -- or they may just be interested in the phenomenon of mediumship.
For this was to be a "proxy sitting".
In this case the proxy sitter will know only the name of the communicator, nothing else.
"A journey", "a little white house", "a change of outlook", can apply to many people.
Part of his house had been moved to the other side of the road.
It is very important indeed, in the field of extra-sensory perception and its relation to the survival hypothesis, to know whether the statements are actually only those which any intuitive person might venture and an eager sitter attach to himself.
Does she often speak of locations, of cause of death?
If pressed by the sitter for more detail, she may be able to bring the picture more into focus and see more sharply, almost as if she were physically going closer.
During one reading an image appeared of a prisoner in irons.
Even if there are no livestock, the farmer cannot leave the farm for long periods, particularly during the growing season.
Drought, hail, disease, and insects take their toll of crops.
There will be losses caused by emergencies that arise while he is away at his off-farm job.
Part-time farming gives a measure of security if the regular job is lost, provided the farm is owned free of debt and furnishes enough income to meet fixed expenses and minimum living costs.
Land, labor, and equipment needed
But consider also how much you and your family can keep up along with your other work.
List the number of hours the family can be expected to work each month.
If you are going to farm for extra cash income on a part-time basis you must keep in mind the needed machinery investments when you choose among farm enterprises.
nearness to work.
Kind of neighborhood.
If these facilities are not at the door, getting them may cost more than you expect.
Soil type, drainage, or degree of slope can make the difference between good crops and poor ones.
The possibilities of selling the property later on for suburban subdivision.
Also count as an expense a charge for the labor to be contributed by the family.
Most of this testimony may have been legally admissible as bearing on the corpus delicti of the total Nazi crime but seemed subject to question when not tied to the part in it of the defendant's Department of Jewish Affairs.
Of what new course could it mark the beginning?
In such a case the defendant should serve as a clear example and not have to be tied to the issue by argument.
But if the Trial did not expose the special Nazi mania so deadly to Jews as well as to anyone upon whom it happened to light, neither did it warn very effectively against the ordinary anti-Semitism of which the Nazis made such effective use in Germany and wherever else they could find it.
Not in Eichmann's anti-Semitism but in the anti-Semitism of the sober German man of affairs lay the potential warning of the Trial.
The career of Eichmann made the Trial a potential showcase for anti-Semitic demoralization: fearful of being mistaken for a Jew, he seeks protection in his Nazi uniform;
Only across a distance of time could the epic accounting begin.
A year later in Albany, N.Y., a Roman Catholic hospital barred an orthopedic surgeon because of his connection with the Planned Parenthood Association.
All too often our language is unduly harsh.
The Roman Catholic Church sanctions only abstention or the rhythm method, also known as the use of the infertile or safe period.
Believing that God is the Author of this law and of all laws of nature, Roman Catholics believe that they are obliged to obey those laws, not frustrate or mock them.
With the return of our soldiers, it soon became apparent that the belief was not shared by the great majority of citizens.
Denouncing the view that the sexual union is an end in itself, the Conference declared: "We steadfastly uphold what must always be regarded as the governing considerations of Christian marriage.
Since then, many Protestant denominations have made separate pronouncements, in which they not only approved birth control, but declared it at times to be a religious duty.
For all concerned with social-welfare legislation, the significance of this radical and revolutionary change in the thought and habits of the vast majority of the American people is clear, profound and far-reaching.
The captain was gone, and the mate was gone.
First, they wanted to clarify a tantalizing, bizarre enigma.
His chief discovery was important -- the Great North (later, the Hudson) River -- but it produced no northwest passage.
But there remained one mysterious, unexplored gap, far to the north.
On the second voyage, he had turned back at the frozen island of Novaya Zemlya and meekly given the crew a certificate stating that he did so of his own free will -- which was obviously not the case.
It is believed that Hudson was related to other seafaring men of the Muscovy Company and was trained on company ships.
Poor winds and fog locked her up in a harbor the crew called "Lousie Bay".
As the bergs grew larger, Hudson was forced to turn south into what is now Ungava Bay, an inlet of the Great Strait.
One man remarked that if he had a hundred pounds, he would give ninety of them to be back in England.
Hudson pointed the Discovery down the east coast of the newly discovered sea (now called Hudson Bay), confident he was on his way to the warm waters of the Pacific.
The men were at first puzzled, then angered by the aimless tacking.
Hudson deposed Juet and cut his pay.
Since the land he desired lay within the great northern empire of the Hudson's Bay Company, he purchased great blocks of the Comany's stock with the view to controlling its policies.
It was the low yield of the Selkirk plots and the ravages of grasshoppers in 1818 that led to the dispersal of the settlement southward.
In 1802 Henry referred to "our new carts" as being about four feet off the ground and carrying five times as much as a horse could pack.
It was a three-month journey in the dead of winter followed by three months of labor on Mackinac boats.
Bailly, after leaving Fort Snelling in August 1821, was forced to leave some of the cattle at the Hudson's Bay Company's post on Lake Traverse "in the Sieux Country" and reached Fort Garry, as the Selkirk Hudson's Bay Company center was now called, late in the fall.
" Despite Company threats, duly carried through, to cut off supplies of powder, ball, and thread for fishing nets, about 350 persons stayed in the village.
At the point where they ended, another settlement grew up around a chapel built at the boat landing by Father Lucian Galtier in 1840.
Others carried pemmican from "the Forks" to St. Paul and goods from St. Paul to Red River, as in the summer of 1847 when one trader, Wells, transported twenty barrels of whisky to the British settlement.
One wrote: "(I am so hungry) I could eat a rider off his horse & snap at the stirups".
William R. Stillwell, an admirable Georgian whose delightful correspondence is preserved in the Georgia Department of Archives and History, liked to tease his wife in his letters.
They talked and wrote much about the elemental functions of the body.
A Michigan soldier wrote his brother: "I am well at present with the exception I have got the Dyerear and I hope thease few lines find you the same".
Just count each blot a dodge and add in a few for I don't dodge every time".
Unmarried soldiers carried on correspondence with sweethearts at home.
Alf sed he heard that you and Hardy was a runing together all the time and he though he wod gust quit having any thing mor to doo with you for he thought it was no more yuse.
A Mississippi soldier wrote: "our General Reub Davis is a vain, stuck-up, illiterate ass".
They get all the glory and most of the pay and don't earn ten cents apiece on the average, the drunken rascals".
They looked as if they had been fed on vinegar and shavings.
2) As a country superimposes its cultural and political attitudes on others, it searches its heritage in hopes of justifying its aggressiveness.
Such identification comes for each group in each crisis by rewriting history into legend and developing appropriate national heroes.
2) The concept that an "American national folklore" exists is itself probably another propagandistic legend.
As long as his material is Americana, can in some way be ascribed to the masses and appears "democratic" to his audience, he remains satisfied.
They have widely varying backgrounds and aims.
But there are also the commercial propagandists and the analysts -- one dominated by money, the other by nineteenth-century German scholarship.
The analyst is apt to be too honest to fit in.
Or does he sincerely want to tap the real springs of American attitude and culture regardless of how unpopular and embarrassing they may be?
In fact, there is much evidence to indicate they don't care a bit about anything beyond their particular regional, ethnic and occupational limits.
He was an expert florist, tenderly dextrous in the arrangement of bouquets and wreaths.
he ran wild with the child gangs of the neighbourhood, and went through the normal pressure-cooker course of thieving, police-dodging, and housebreaking.
On the occasion of his 1922 indictment the $10,000 bond was furnished by an alderman, and the charge was nolle prossed.
A. O'Banion, in his pistol pocket".
In fact, O'Connor was honoured during the ceremony with the presentation of a $2500 diamond stickpin.
In the past year there had been too many examples of his euphoric self-confidence and self-aggrandisement for their liking.
A further example of the incompatible difference in personalities was when two policemen held up a Torrio beer convoy on a West Side street and demanded $300 to let it through.
They had suffered, in sulky silence, the sight of his sharp practice in Cicero.
Here was stored $1,000,000 worth of bonded whisky.
Tsunami are rare, however, in the Atlantic Ocean;
But a tsunami often extends more than 100 miles and sometimes as much as 600 miles from crest to crest.
The seemingly quiet ocean had crashed a wall of water from 10 to 100 feet high upon beaches crowded with bathers, drowning thousands of them and flattening villages along the shore.
Just as they reached the shore, the first huge wave crashed upon them.
they were steepest on the shores facing the direction of the seaquake from which the waves had come.
The tsunami-warning system developed since the 1946 disaster in Hawaii relies mainly on a simple and ingenious instrument devised by Commander C. K. Green of the Coast and Geodetic Survey staff.
The civil and military authorities are then advised of the danger, and they issue warnings and take all necessary protective steps.
But not a single human life was lost, and property damage in the Hawaiian Islands did not exceed $800,000.
often the shifts cannot be seen, but they are there;
(1) As far down as 400 miles below the surface the material should be hot enough to be plastic and adjust itself to twisting forces by sluggish flow rather than by breaking, as rigid surface rocks do.
Undoubtedly none of the residents realize the influence their town has had on American military history, or the deeds of valor that have been done in its name.
Though he knew no more about military science and tactics than any other desk officer, he managed to get transferred to the combat forces.
Instead Sergeant Early was quiet, sharp and confident.
He fed the captain bits of history about the troops and the regiment.
The faces belonged to Lieutenant Marvin Goulding, his wife and their two children.
Carroll was sharp and military, but he was up against tough competition for that RA berth, and he wanted to play it cool.
Then it came, against Troop Aj.
Chandler left Carroll at the bottom of the hill to direct any reinforcements he could find to the fight.
Because of this diversionary attack the main group that had been pinned down on the hill was able to surge forward again.
On his lips, his men following.
Though Bob Carroll seemed to have had his head practically blown off by the exploding grenade, he lived.
He was a member of The Fighting Seventh.
and in particular -- since this is our special responsibility -- that these conditions be enjoyed by the people of the United States.
But dominant in the sense that every other objective, no matter how worthy intrinsically, must defer to it.
my point is that where conflicts arise they must always be resolved in favor of achieving the indispensable condition for a tolerant world -- the absence of Soviet Communist power.
I know I do not have to dwell here on the absurdity of that contention.
The other charge was that America's political position in the world has progressively deteriorated in recent years.
This ignorant estimate, I repeat, is not of any interest in itself;
Fearful of inviting a military showdown with the West which they could not win, the Communists seek to undermine Western power where the nuclear might of the West is irrelevant -- in backwoods guerrilla skirmishes, in mob uprisings in the streets, in parliaments, in clandestine meetings of undercover conspirators, at the United Nations, on the propaganda front, at diplomatic conferences -- preferably at the highest level.
Cambodia is, for all practical purposes, neutralist.
Latin America was once an area as "safe" for the West as Nebraska was for Nixon.
There was the Polish Revolution which we misunderstood and then helped guide along a course favorable to Soviet interests.
Then he was sick.
A woman with a small boy slipped in between them.
By 7:50 the answer was plain.
In place of the police headquarters was a new square filled with rubble.
They look after their fields and children and water buffaloes in ten or eleven thousand villages, with an average of 200 souls.
"Precisely", said Mr. Frans.
In six years, U.S. aid had amounted to more than $1.60 for each American -- a total of three hundred million dollars.
Boun My -- the name means one who has a boun, a celebration, and is therefore lucky -- was born in Savannakhet, the Border of Paradise.
Everyone had heard of the American contractor who had spurned an escort.
With our company of soldiers, we made one long column of reddish dust.
Mr. Keo, once a diplomat in Paris and Washington, was Commissioner of Rural Affairs.
"Where there was no road, they lived without one.
But our stumping tour of the south wasn't all misery.
The strings were draped around flowers in tall silver bowls (page 261).
As we stepped out into the sunlight, a man came up to John Cool and silently showed him his hand.
"I like to follow the holidays when they come along.
The most important aims of the Jewish students were as follows: to make the world a better place to live in -- 30 per cent;
Intermarriage, which is generally regarded as a threat to Jewish survival, was regarded not with horror or apprehension but with a kind of mild, clinical disapproval.
This is substantially higher than the figures for the American population at large -- 45.6 per cent for males and 29.2 per cent for females.
In upper teen Jewish life, the non-college group tends to have a sense of marginality.
There is, to begin, an important sex difference.
This is particularly acute for those who attended Midwood High School directly across the street from Brooklyn College.
"As long as I'm home, I'll never grow up", a nineteen-year-old boy observed sadly.
The breaking away from the prison house of Brooklyn is gradual.
There are hordes of nubile young women there who, prodded by their impatient mothers, are determined to marry.
Among the boys, there is very little bravado about drinking.
Bruises, burns, cuts, etc., occurred frequently on the frontier, and folk medicine gave the answers to these problems too.
Cow's milk was another cure for burns, and burns covered with gum arabic or plain mucilage healed quickly.
He showed me one of his fingers which had been practically amputated and which his mother had treated;
Veronica from the herb garden was also used to stop bleeding, and rue was an antiseptic.
Since a fall or blow might have caused it, a cold pack was usually first aid.
Many an old-timer swore by the saliva method;
For wasp stings onion juice, obtained by scraping an onion, gave quick relief.
To remove an insect from one's ear warm water should be inserted.
They drank half a cup of this morning and night, and they also washed and soaked their hands in the same solution.
Another frequent pioneer difficulty, caused by wearing rough and heavy shoes and boots, was corns.
Another was to soak raw beef in vinegar for twenty-four hours, tie it on the wart, and wear it for a week.
Leg cramps, one person tells me, were relieved by standing barefoot with the weight of the body on the heel and pressing down hard.
This is important because, despite all the efforts of the French government, an appreciable segment of France's export trade in wines is still tainted with a misrepresentation approaching downright dishonesty, and there are many too many negociants who would rather turn a sou than amass a creditable reputation overseas.
especially if one is travelling or dining out a great deal, their importance mounts.
This is especially true of red wines, and a practice which, though not always practicable, is well worth the effort.
The ideal storage temperature for long periods is about fifty-five degrees, with an allowable range of five degrees above or below this, provided there are no sudden or frequent changes.
for those who live in a winter climate, there is nothing better than a bucket of water and snow.
White wines should be opened when served, having been previously chilled in proportion to their sweetness.
A few red wines, notably those of the Beaujolais, are better consumed at cellar temperature.
Decanting old wine aerates it fully;
Giffen replied punctually and enthusiastically: "Rest assured that your accompanying Letter of Instructions shall be in the Letter and Spirit strictly complied with and most particularly in regard to that part of them relative to the completion of your noble and humane views".
Gorham refused to accept money for slave property, but did he realize how much expense and trouble the transportation of his Negroes to the North involved?
William was adamant on one point: under no circumstances would he allow the Negroes to remain on the plantation with his and Henry's slaves if they were told of their coming freedom.
Each human being, known only by a given name, had a cash value.
According to state law a slave had to be at least thirty years old before he could be freed.
His duties as Massachusetts Secretary of State obliged him to wait until the adjournment of the legislature in mid-April.
He later told abolitionist Edmund Quincy of the "marked attention and civility" with which the New Orleans gentlemen and the upriver planters greeted him.
the slaves were to remain as wage laborers for his account.
Giffen suggested fifty dollars as fair compensation for a year's work;
Nevertheless, Palfrey arranged a religious ceremony at King's Chapel to formalize the emancipation.
As we embark upon the sixties we have an opportunity to build a third strong arm, aimed at the development of people, at the fuller realization of their creative human potential, and a better understanding among them".
He selected as Comptroller of Defense, not a veteran accountant, but a former Rhodes Scholar, Charles Hitch, who is author of a study on The Economics Of Defense In The Nuclear Age.
The list goes on.
Nonetheless, they found common interests.
But even while sparring furiously with Republican politicians, he displays a deep and awesome veneration for anyone with cultural attainments.
He is not likely to win this battle easily.
Mrs. Kennedy shows a determination to change all this.
The press releases emanating from the White House give a clue to the activity within.
What to do about it now that he was President?
On delving deeper, Walton discovered that most of the buildings fronting the Square could be classified as "early nondescript".
The men's shops on Hanover's Main Street compare favorably with those in Princeton and New Haven.
Dean Thaddeus Seymour, wearing ski clothes, was crowning a beauteous damsel queen of the Carnival.
Since the days when their two thousand pairs of skis outnumbered those assembled anywhere else in the United States, the students have stopped regarding the Olympic Ski Team as another name for their own.
The club runs regular trips to the cabins, but many of the students prefer to take off in small unofficial groups for a weekend of hunting, fishing, climbing, or skiing.
The legislators decided to "liberate" Dartmouth and entered into a tug-o'-war with the college trustees over the control of classrooms, faculty, and chapel.
Eleazar Wheelock, a Presbyterian minister, founded the school in 1769, naming it after the second earl of Dartmouth, its sponsor and benefactor.
The cook got drunk, and President Wheelock proved to be a man of broad talents by carving the ox himself.
But it has achieved a cross-section of students from almost all the states, and two-thirds of its undergraduates come from outside New England.
The Thayer School offers a year of postgraduate study in somewhat the same way, after a boy wins a B.S. in engineering.
It was a busy street, conveniently near the shopping center, and unattended horses and wagons were often left at the curbside.
It is evident that Lizzie did not tell everything she overheard between her father and her Uncle Morse.
Fall River police did go to Westport to see if they could get any information against Morse and possibly find an accomplice whom he might have hired from among these men.
They interviewed the conductor of the streetcar Morse said he had taken, but the man did not remember Morse as a passenger.
Bridget's testimony was in direct contradiction.
He had been to the farm the previous day and he could have said they needed the ax or hatchet at the farm.
there was no financial gain for Morse in the murders.
That was his complete discussion of Bridget Sullivan as a possible suspect.
She replied, "I know of one man that has not been friendly with him.
Kirby was, of course, reflecting the opinion that existed at the time of murders.
She was apparently the pioneer in her family because she had no close relatives in this country at that time.
When she was nine years old, she wrote a description of a store she had visited.
But even so Lucy could not give up her intellectual pursuits.
more chapters of Guizot;
And it was Lucy Upton who first started the idea of a regular course in Music at Spelman College.
There is reason to suppose that Lucy would have made a record as publicly distinguished as her brother had it not been that her mother's death occurred just as she was about to enter college.
of her "great power of discernment";
Miss Upton and Miss Packard, as a matter of fact, had many tastes in common.
Such were the qualities of the Acting-President of the Seminary after the death of Miss Giles.
and ground had been broken for the superintendent's home.
Miss Mary Jane Packard, Sophia's half-sister, became ill in March, 1910;
Miss Giles always used to refer to her as "Sister".
These opportunities are to be found in certain cities in such crafts as auto mechanics, carpentry, drafting, electrical work, tool-and-die work, and sheet-metal work.
When there is employment opportunity for youth, this arrangement -- or lack of arrangement -- works out quite well.
However, the teacher can only go so far if the attitude of the community and the family is anti-intellectual.
It is at least as important as the more dramatic attempts to break down barriers of inequality in the South.
Vocational training which holds no hope that the skill developed will be in fact a marketable skill becomes just another school "chore" for those whose interest in their studies has begun to falter.
So, too, is the mathematical competence of a college graduate who has majored in mathematics.
The suburban high school, it is worth noting, also is not a widely comprehensive high school because of the absence of vocational programs.
In the city, he said, the waiting list for those who want to join the union is so long that unless a boy has an inside track he can't get in.
An excellent example of a successful location of a new vocational high school is the Dunbar Vocational High School in Chicago.
American chemists, seeking to increase exports of soybeans, have adapted modern techniques and fermentation methods to improve their use in such traditional Japanese foods as tofu and miso and in tempeh of Indonesia.
Feeds for livestock took about one-sixth of the world's cereal crop in 1957-1958.
Oils, or liquid fats, from the seeds of flax and tung have long been the principal constituents of paints and varnishes for protecting and beautifying the surfaces of wood and metal.
It is still used in drugs and cosmetics, but it is rather scarce and sometimes is adulterated with oils from peach and plum seeds.
of psyllium seed, more than 2.6 million.
Almonds and pistachio nuts are not so high in oil but are rich in protein.
the marking nut, used for ink and varnish;
Victorian ladies had a fad of stringing unusual seeds to wear as jewelry.
Less common seeds used in cooking and beverages include fenugreek (artificial maple flavor) and cardamom.
World production of about 1 million tons is divided primarily between Africa (63 percent) and South America (27 percent).
The farm value of seeds produced in this country for all purposes, including the cereals, is nearly 10 billion dollars a year.
To hold a herd of cattle on a new range till they felt at home was called "locatin'"'em.
Such marchin'in wholesale numbers was called a "drift", or "winter drift", and if the storm was prolonged it usually resulted in one of the tragedies of the range.
When cattle in winter stopped and humped their backs up they were said to "bow up".
"Dry stock" denoted, regardless of age or sex, such bovines as were givin'no milk.
When a cow came out of a corral in a crouchin'run she was said to "come out a-stoopin'".
When a cowboy spoke of "dustin'" a cow, he meant that he throwed dust into her eyes.
Such tactics were resorted to frequently with the unmanageable longhorns, and a thorough "tailin'" usually knocked the breath out of a steer, and so dazed'im that he'd behave for the rest of the day.
A "lineback" was an animal with a stripe of different color from the rest of its body runnin'down its back, while a "lobo stripe" was the white, yeller, or brown stripe runnin'down the back, from neck to tail, a characteristic of many Spanish cattle.
Countin'each grazin'bunch of cattle where it was found on the range and driftin'it back so that it didn't mix with the uncounted cattle was called a "range count".
In this carefree sentence he summed up the essence of the prevailin'custom of buyin'by book count, and created a sayin'which has survived through the years.
He found them near the carcass of a zebra that had been killed the night before, and he circled once, nose to the ground, hair shooting up along his back, as it did when he was after lion or bear, and then he lifted his head and bayed, and the pack joined in, all heads high, and Jones knew it was a hot trail.
Hyena?
He threw green stuff on it, and a thin blue column of smoke rose.
Ulyate and Kearton climbed on toward the sound of the barking of the dogs and the sporadic roaring of the lion, till they came, out of breath, to the crest, and peering through the branches of a bush, this is what Ulyate saw: Jones who had apparently (and actually had) ridden up the nearly impassable hillside, sitting calmly on his horse within forty feet of a full-grown young lioness, who was crouched on a flat rock and seemed just about to charge him, while the dogs whirled around her.
Intuition told him, however, that she was tired and winded from the run up the Reef and would not charge, yet.
She whirled and faced him, roaring terribly, and Ulyate, watching through the leaves, could not understand why she did not charge and obliterate him, because he wouldn't have much of a chance of getting away, in that thick growth, but she seemed just a trace uncertain;
The dogs followed her and she killed three and badly wounded Old John.
But she clung to the rocks and brush, and the day wore away.
Loveless, too, objected.
Means tried her first.
She charged.
No one knew exactly.
Tossing his rope and shouting he attracted her attention.
Most pastors and laymen, even though they believe it to be important, assume that the ecumenical movement lies outside the province of their parishes.
The decisive question is what happens within each congregation and, finally, in the minds and hearts of the individual members.
The basic unit in the church, of whatever denominational polity, is always the congregation.
As Dietrich Bonhoffer puts it, "Our community with one another consists solely in what Christ has done to both of us".
And this is what all too often happens.
They do not escape the pitfall into which Charles Dickens pictured Mrs. Jellyby as falling.
Its people are agreeable friends.
It is not helping them face the moral crisis involved in the use of nuclear energy.
A visitor to the beautiful little building inquired, "Do you belong to this church, Mr. Rancher"?
and buggies and wagons and chugging Fords kept gathering all morning, until the edges of the field were packed thick and small boys kept scampering out on the playing field to make fun of the visitors -- whose pitcher was a formidable looking young man with the only baseball cap.
Young men in school could look forward to playing ball for money in a dozen different places, even if they failed to make the major leagues.
Ruth was a delinquent boy still, but he was in every way a great ball player who was out to win the game and occasionally risked a cracked bone to do it.
or who ingested strange objects, like live fish;
Ruth himself, still owning his farm in Massachusetts and an interest in the Massachusetts cigar business that printed his round boyish face on the wrappers, had led the parade down from Fenway Park, followed by pitchers Carl Mays, Leslie "Joe" Bush, Waite Hoyt, Herb Pennock, and Sam Jones, catcher Wally Schang, third baseman Joe Dugan (who completed the "playboy trio" of Ruth, Dugan, and Hoyt), and shortstop Everett Scott.
In some cities games were broadcast throughout the week and then on weekends the announcer was silenced, and fans must needs drive to the city from all the broadcast area to discover how their heroes were faring.
Our discussion of this involves using Erik Erikson's schema of "identity vs. identity diffusion" as a conceptual tool in superimposing a few common denominators onto the diverse personality and family configurations of the unwed mothers from whose case histories we quoted earlier.
These polar extremes in time diffusion were indicated in some of the comments by unwed mothers reported in earlier chapters.
However, if the child has been constantly surrounded, during nursery and early school age, by peer groups;
The adolescent's capacity to anticipate achievement and to exercise the self-discipline necessary to complete tasks successfully depends on the degree to which he or she developed autonomy, initiative, and self-discipline during childhood.
and in the fact that she bases her decisions about work, college, carreer, and studies on what others are doing, rather than on her own sense of identity with given skills, abilities, likes, and dislikes.
For example, some unwed mothers had had no work experiences, household chores, and responsibilities during childhood and early adolescence;
The positive development, during adolescence, of this capacity to think and to feel strongly and with increasing independence, and to identify overtly either with or against given ideas, values, and practices, depends to a considerable degree on both previous and present opportunities for developing autonomy, initiative, and self-certainty.
They condemned the movie script writers for implying that sex was enjoyable and exhilarating.
Chief among the defects they singled out were the complicated and wearisome procedures in equity.
The fundamental difficulty of which the Selden case was "a striking (though not singular) example", concluded Hough, "will remain as long as testimony is taken without any authoritative judicial officer present, and responsible for the maintenance of discipline, and the reception or exclusion of testimony".
In a private communication written in 1911, Parker had been more to the point.
In 1912 the United States Supreme Court adopted a new set of rules of equity which became effective on February 1, 1913.
The trade bodies which came in the wake of the A.L.A.M. were more representative, for they never adopted a policy of exclusion.
The interchange of shop licenses for a nominal royalty eliminated infringement suits among the members of the A.L.A.M. patent pool (although it did not protect them against outside actions) and kept open channels for the cross-fertilization of automotive technology.
"Purely from the business man's standpoint and without regard to the lawyer's view", commented a trade journal, "the matter of patents in the automobile and accessory trade is developing some phases and results that challenge thought as to how far patents are to become weapons of warfare in business, instead of simple beneficient protection devices for encouraging inventive creation".
After the demise of the A.L.A.M., the time was propitious for establishing such a pool.
It remained in force for ten years and has been renewed at five-year intervals since 1925.
The renaissance city
Andrea Palladio, an Italian architect of the sixteenth century, modeled his designs on its Doric and Ionic columns.
Go inside for a closer look at a Renaissance palace.
The large statue on the first floor is believed to be the statue of Pompey at the base of which Julius Caesar was stabbed to death (if so, the statue once stood in the senate house).
Today it is occupied by the French Embassy.
Your first impression of this elongated square with its three elegant fountains, its two churches that almost face each other, and its russet-colored buildings, is a sense of restful spaciousness -- particularly welcome after wandering around the narrow and dark streets that you have followed since starting this walk.
Inside you will find the lovely Sibyls painted by Raphael and a chapel designed by Michelangelo.
The Pantheon's interior, still in its original form, is truly majestic and an architectural triumph.
The great column from which the square takes its name was erected by the Emperor Marcus Aurelius.
Rare, indeed, is the Harlem citizen, from the most circumspect church member to the most shiftless adolescent, who does not have a long tale to tell of police incompetence, injustice, or brutality.
There is no way for him not to know it: there are few things under heaven more unnerving than the silent, accumulating contempt and hatred of a people.
He knows that he certainly does not want his children living this way.
I once tried to describe to a very well-known American intellectual the conditions among Negroes in the South.
The white people fall back bitterly before the black horde;
I know another Negro, a man very dear to me, who says, with conviction and with truth, "The spirit of the South is the spirit of America".
As far as the color problem is concerned, there is but one great difference between the Southern white and the Northerner: the Southerner remembers, historically and in his own psyche, a kind of Eden in which he loved black people and they loved him.
Negroes are, therefore, ignored in the North and are under surveillance in the South, and suffer hideously in both places.
the fact that American Negroes rioted in the U.N. while Adlai Stevenson was addressing the Assembly shocked and baffled most white Americans.
Had I been there, I, too, in the eyes of most Americans, would have been merely a pawn in the hands of the Communists.
Unless one takes refuge in the theory -- however disguised -- that Negroes are, somehow, different from white people, I do not see how one can escape the conclusion that the Negro's status in this country is not only a cruel injustice but a grave national liability.
Motion-picture exhibitions took place in stores in a general atmosphere like that of the penny arcade which can still be found in such urban areas as Times Square.
In response, the industry allowed the discovery of the motion picture as a form of fiction and thus gave the movies the essential form they have had to this day.
For a moment or two, both scenes are present simultaneously, one growing weaker, one growing stronger.
Each frame comes between the light and the lens and is individually projected on the screen, at the rate, for silent movies, of 16 frames per second, and, for sound films, 24 frames per second.
It was Porter, however, who produced the very first movie whose name has lived on through the half century of film history that has since ensued.
The robbers run from the hide-out, take cover in a wooded declivity, and are shot dead by the posse.
The meaning of the word is quite physical, to begin with.
Time and space have both become cinematic.
The man was D.W. Griffith.
Not surprisingly, this approach did not work.
Central cities reveal two adverse features for the major denominations: (1) central cities tend to be areas of residence for lower social classes;
moreover, residential mobility is so high in metropolitan areas that churches have to recruit constantly in their core stratum in order to survive;
actually, there is little evidence of such personal community in Protestant congregations, as we shall see in another connection.
(Co-optation means to choose by joint action in order to fill a vacancy;
the new people respond in kind by joining the church.
The proclamation of the churches is almost totally confined to pastoral contacts by the clergy (17.3 per cent of new members) and friendly contacts by members (over two thirds if organizational activities are included).
nonetheless, the prevalence of economic integration in congregations illumines the nature of the Protestant development.
Since American life is committed above all to productivity and a higher standard of economic life, the countervailing forces of residential and religious exclusiveness have fought a desperate, rearguard action against the expanding interdependence of the metropolis.
Attention will be given in the next chapter to the style of association in the denominational churches;
The directors sold directly to concessionaires, who had to make their profits above the high prices asked by the company.
They adopted a program by which Louisiana was divided into five districts.
Other posts would be established up the Ohio and Wabash to protect communication with Canada.
The power that Bienville exercised during his first administration cannot be determined.
De La Laude, commander of the Alabama post, had the friendship of the natives, and was able to make them look upon the British as poor competitors.
They threatened constantly to give the British a hold on this region, from whence they could move easily down the rivers to the French settlements near the Gulf.
To the directors the problem appeared a matter of intrigue or diplomacy.
He asked the government for two hundred soldiers, who were to be specifically assigned to arrest English traders and disloyal Indians.
The war to subdue them taxed the resources of the colony and piled up enormous debts.
This was a slow and difficult course, and French trade suffered from the many mistakes of the new group of traders.
They would be particularly displeased with the State Department if it were the source of such reports.
Tampering with the Post Office may infuriate every voter who can write.
The result is that the State Department's perpetual position before Congress is the resigned pose of the whipping boy who expects to be kicked whenever the master has had a dyspeptic outing with his wife.
In the matter of money State's most unrelenting watchdog during the Eisenhower years was Representative John J. Rooney, of Brooklyn, who controlled the purse for diplomatic administrative expenses.
The Department's constant fight with the House for money is a polite minuet compared with its periodic bloody engagements with the Senate.
In view of Eisenhower's reluctance to concede that anything was amiss in the Terror, it is doubtful that heroic intervention by Dulles could have produced anything but disaster for him and the country's foreign policy.
An equally tenable thesis is that the dearth of new thought was created by the Senate's own penchant for crucifying anyone whose ideas seem unorthodox to the next generation.
Each has its peculiar style.
A newspaperman who met him at a reception swore that he asked Menshikov: "What should we call you"?
The most inscrutable embassies are the Arabs', and the most inscrutable of the Arabs are the Saudi Arabians.
The massed reporters brushed aside the customary bromides about Saudi-American friendship to bore in on the central question.
Finally he reported that Nasser was ready to make a concrete commitment in return for Israeli concessions.
In the afternoon Miss Hosaka and her mother invited me to go with them and young Mrs. Kodama to see the famous Spring dances of the Geisha dancers.
There seems to be no purpose in life that is sure -- no certain guiding principles to give stability.
Kyoto
We walked miles and saw various shrines and gardens.
We had tea at Mr. Washizu's home where I learned that he, too, comes from a very wealthy family.
Mr. Nishima went with me on the train to Nara.
One spot in Osaka I shall always remember -- the bridge where we stood to watch the reflections of the elaborate neon signs in the still waters of the river.
I was grateful for their insight into my need for this experience.
At this Women's University we find a monument to a courageous family who believed that Japanese women also should be educated.
Graduates of this maid's school are much in demand and can always find work immediately.
The suppositions in the previous illustration might be sufficiently altered by establishing a connection between general company practice and local practice in the South, and by establishing such direct connection between the practice and the economic well-being of stores located in New York and general company policy.
The need that we not give unqualified approval to any but a limited use of economic pressure directed against the actual doers of injustice is clear also in light of the fact that White Citizens'Councils seem resolved to maintain segregation mainly by the use of these same means and not ordinarily by physical violence.
The present writer certainly agrees with that statement, and would also affirm this -- in the order of justice.
This makes necessary a morality of means, and principles governing the conduct of resistance whenever this is thought to be justified.
Economy in the use of power needs not only to be asserted, but clearly specified;
"Billions of American dollars, not only from capital investors but also from the pockets of U.S. taxpayers", this author states, "are being poured into South Africa to support a system dedicated to the oppression, the persecution, and the almost diabolical exploitation of 12 million people the color of whose skins happens not to be white".
The nature of the opposition between liberals and Bourbons is too little understood in the North.
I am naive, they say, to make use of such words.
I am concerned here, however, with the Northern liberal's attitude toward the South.
Accounts have been published of Northern liberals in the South up against segregationist prejudice, especially in state-supported universities where pressure may be strong to uphold the majority view.
Nobody knows how many Southerners there are in this category.
so that a line running down the length of the South marking the upper limits of tidewater would roughly divide the Old South from the new, but with, of course, important minority enclaves.
Southern resentment has been over the method of its ending, the invasion, and Reconstruction;
If the circumstances are faced frankly it is not reasonable to expect this to be true.
It is extraordinary that a people as proud and warlike as Southerners should have been as docile as they have.
They believe that if the South had been let alone it would have produced a civilization superior to that of modern America.
Speaking generally, it furthered -- and still tends to further -- the interests of the Western powers.
However, in recent decades, for what doubtless are multiple reasons, an unannounced but nonetheless readily observable shift has occurred in both facets of national activity.
Ratified in the Republican Party victory in 1952, the Positive State is now evidenced by political campaigns being waged not on whether but on how much social legislation there should be.
In 1961 the first important legislative victory of the Kennedy Administration came when the principle of national responsibility for local economic distress won out over a "state's-responsibility" proposal -- provision was made for payment for unemployment relief by nation-wide taxation rather than by a levy only on those states afflicted with manpower surplus.
The idea of national responsibility thus has become a common feature of the nations of the non-Soviet world.
(Since the time-span of the nation-state coincides roughly with the separate existence of the United States as an independent entity, it is perhaps natural for Americans to think of the nation as representative of the highest form of order, something permanent and unchanging.
(Whether historical nationalism helped the peoples of the remainder of the world, and whether today's nationalism in the former colonial areas has equally beneficial aspects, are other questions.
Jean Bodin, writing in the sixteenth century, may have been the seminal thinker, but it was the vastly influential John Austin who set out the main lines of the concept as now understood.
Does the surface hide a quite different picture?
I have just asked these questions in the Pentagon, in the White House, in offices of key scientists across the country and aboard the submarines that prowl for months underwater, with neat rows of green launch tubes which contain Polaris missiles and which are affectionately known as "Sherwood Forest".
They know little about their machinery beyond mechanical details.
They inhabit a secret world centered on "go codes" and "gold phones".
In recent weeks, as a result of a sweeping defense policy reappraisal by the Kennedy Administration, basic United States strategy has been modified -- and large new sums allocated -- to meet the accidental-war danger and to reduce it as quickly as possible.
The same principle of "redundancy" applies to all communications on these special networks.
What if the President himself, in the language of the military, "goes ape"?
The talk would not be in code, but neither would it ramble.
In a word, plenty.
At least a dozen men, some armed, are never far away from him.
But Wisman, too, does not know the go code.
The pieces must be placed in the context of the prepared messages by Wisman's staff.
The answer is a cryptographic secret.
They saw it before I did, even with my binoculars.
The games were over, this was life.
For ten minutes they ran beneath the squall, raising their arms and, for the first time, shouting and capering.
Which does not mean that it is ugly.
"
No one came".
Perhaps this is what gives the aborigine his odd air of dignity.
At once he started to glance toward the instrument panel.
Very simple".
It struck me as a very bright and very malnourished dog.
He gazed away from us as we approached.
I turned to look at the lubra.
They had located the runway of a colony of ants and as the ants came out of the ground, the boys picked them up, one at a time, and pinched them dead.
In spots such as the elbows and knees the second skin is worn off and I realized the aborigines were much darker than they appeared;
He said sharply.
the Safavids fell from power;
However, just as all the buildings have not fallen and flowed back to their original mud, so the values which wanted them and saw that they were built have not all disappeared.
Water, air, fruit, poetry, music, the human form -- these things are important to Persians, and they experience them with an intense and discriminating awareness.
It was a nice day, granted.
It is a splendid structure.
On the downstream, or "pavilion", side these vaults give out onto terraces twice as wide as the bridge itself.
the old Kajar princes arriving in their ancient limousines;
Poetry in Persian life is far more than a common ground on which -- in a society deeply fissured by antagonisms -- all may stand.
Each mode is believed to have a specific attribute -- one inducing pleasure, another generosity, another love, and so on, to include all of the emotions.
The music director of the Pittsburgh Symphony Orchestra, William Steinberg, has molded his group into a prominent musical organization, which is his life.
Yes: though not professional musicians, they were a music-loving family.
Simultaneously, he pursued his musical studies at the conservatory, receiving sound training in counterpoint and harmony, as well in the violin and piano.
During his tenure he also fulfilled guest engagements at the Berlin State Opera.
In 1936 he accepted the leadership of the Berlin Kulturbund.
First of all, to Italy for a short vacation -- Forte Dei Marmi, a place he loves.
Of course, I shall conduct Mahler and Bruckner works in the coming season, as usual.
I consider it to be my job to expose the public to what is being written today".
He cited Heine and Stendhal as favorites in literature.
countered a twenty year old law student, "you travel around the world.
The debate needed no additional controversy and soon I could ask each individually what he expected from life, what his hopes were and what his fears.
Incapable of self-delusion, the Founding Fathers found the crisis of their time to be equally grave, and yet they had confidence that America would surmount it and that a republic of free peoples would prosper and serve as an example to a world aching for liberty.
Before merging them into a common profile it is well to remember that their separate careers were extraordinary.
His political opponent and lifetime friend, Thomas Jefferson, achieved immortality through his authorship of the Declaration of Independence, but equally notable were the legal and constitutional reforms he instituted in his native Virginia, his role as father of our territorial system, and his acquisition of the Louisiana Territory during his first term as President.
He played the leading role in negotiating the treaty with Great Britain that ended the Revolution, and directed America's foreign affairs throughout the Confederation period.
John Adams dismissed John Dickinson, who voted against the Declaration of Independence, as "a certain great fortune and piddling genius".
When the Revolution broke out, he, along with Jefferson and Jay, abandoned his career at the bar, with considerable financial sacrifice.
John Adams asserted in the Continental Congress'Declaration of Rights that the demands of the colonies were in accordance with their charters, the British Constitution and the common law, and Jefferson appealed in the Declaration of Independence "to the tribunal of the world" for support of a revolution justified by "the laws of nature and of nature's God".
This new force, love of country, super-imposed upon -- if not displacing -- affectionate ties to one's own state, was epitomized by Washington.
In his political testament, "Advice To My Country", penned just before his death, Madison expressed the wish "that the Union of the States be cherished and perpetuated.
Such writers as William Faulkner and Robert Penn Warren have led the field of somewhat less important writers in a sort of post-bellum renaissance.
There is a New South emerging, a South losing the folksy traditions of an agrarian society with the rapidity of an avalanche -- especially within recent decades.
William Styron, while facing the changing economy with a certain uneasy reluctance, insists he is not to be classified as a Southern writer and yet includes traditional Southern concepts in everything he publishes.
This represents a gradual change in an ever-present social problem.
A new order is thrusting itself into being.
The book concerned with the Negro's role in an urban society is rare indeed;
He is too deeply steeped in William Faulkner and Robert Penn Warren.
Faulkner culminates the Southern legend perhaps more masterfully than it has ever been, or could ever be, done.
The thousands of city migrants who desert the farms yearly must readjust with even greater stress and tension: the sacred wilderness is gradually surrendering to suburbs and research parks and industrial areas.
He went on to use objects -- hoops, poles, capes -- which he employed as extensions of the body of the dancer, who moved with them.
Others, less consciously but quite probably influenced by the trends of the times, experiment with approaches that parallel those of the contemporary poet, painter, and musician.
He accepts the accidents of his brushwork because they provide evidence of the vitality of the experience of creation.
But he cannot order his elements by will, either rational or inspired.
or it may involve more subtle distinctions: the sway may be gradually minimized or enlarged, its rhythmic emphasis may be slightly modified, or it may be transferred to become a movement of only the arms or the head.
It may be a free front-back swing of the leg, leading to a sideways swing of the arm that develops into a turn and the sensation of taking off from the ground.
It may establish the relation of the figure of the dancer to light and color, in which case changes in the light or color will set off a kaleidescope of visual designs.
He cites with pleasure the comment of a lady, who exclaimed after a concert: "Why, it's extremely interesting.
Their consequences are irrelevant -- or there are no consequences at all.
And any sequence can not only change its positions in the work but can even be eliminated from it altogether.
Repeated efforts -- beginning with the Missouri Compromise of 1821 -- were made by such master moderates as Clay and Douglas to resolve the difference peacefully by compromise, rather than clear thought and timely action.
Writing to Speed on August 24, 1855, Lincoln made the latter point clear.
The fact is that the Southern Confederacy differed from the earlier one almost as much as the Federal Constitution did.
They recognized that slavery was a moral issue and not merely an economic interest, and that to recognize it explicitly in their Constitution would be in explosive contradiction to the concept of sovereignty they had set forth in the Declaration of 1776 that "all men are created equal, that they are endowed by their Creator with certain unalienable rights, that among them are life, liberty and the pursuit of happiness.
But though the Southern States, when drafting a constitution to unite themselves, narrowed the difference to this fine point by omitting to assert the right to secede, the fact remained that by seceding from the Union they had already acted on the concept that it was composed primarily of sovereign states.
The truth on each side won in the civil war
The 140,414 Americans who gave "the last full measure of devotion" to prevent disunion, preserved individual freedom in the United States from the dangers of anarchy, inherent in confederations, which throughout history have proved fatal in the end to all associations composed primarily of sovereign states, and to the liberties of their people.
One wonders about its applicability to people.
At what stage are social sciences then?
In fact the accumulation of the hardware of destruction is day by day increasing our fear of each other.
We are worried about what people may do with them -- that some crazy fool may "push the button".
It is curious that even centuries of repetition of the yearly cycle did not induce a sufficient degree of confidence to allow people to abandon the ceremonies of the winter solstice.
We, in our country, think of war as an external threat which, if it occurs, will not be primarily of our own doing.
I believe that what I do has some effect on his actions and I have learned, in a way, to commune with drunks, but certainly my actions seem to resemble more nearly the performance of a rain dance than the carrying out of an experiment in physics.
What additional roles has the scientific understanding of the 19th and 20th centuries played?
In child care, the opposite extreme prevails;
Nothing like Godot, he arrived before the hour.
Or is it relevant because it teaches us something useful to know about ourselves?
One might say it combines the man;
We walked down the Rue De L'Arcade, thence along beside the Madeleine and across to a sidewalk cafe opposite that church.
It is not a mess you can make sense of".
Until recently, art has withstood the pressure of chaotic things.
If we look at recent art we find it preoccupied with form.
Is it not characteristic of the greatest art that it confronts us with something we cannot clarify, demanding that the viewer respond to it in his own never-predictable way?
But it is different at Chartres.
Take Augustine's doctrine of grace given and grace withheld: have you pondered the dramatic qualities in this theology?
But where we have both dark and light we have also the inexplicable.
He knelt down at his bed as long as he could kneel.
Some people object to this in my writing.
Lunch was over, and we walked back to the hotel with the light and dark of Paris screaming at us.
Yet it is not only Europe the play refers to.
Man is not confined to one outlet for his vital energy.
The singular uncompromising force of their revolt against the cult of restraint is illustrated by their refusal to dance in a public place.
As Lipton, the prophet of the beat generation, declares: "In the sexual act, the beat are filled with mana, the divine power.
Jazz is the musical language of sex, the vocabulary of the orgasm;
let them learn to "swing" freely, to let go, to become authentically themselves, and then perhaps civilization will be saved.
With lyrical intensity they reveal what they hate, but their faith in love, inspired by the revolutionary rhythms of jazz, culminates in the climax of the orgasm.
If it is an honest feeling, then why should she not yield to it?
One beat poet composes a poem, "Lines On A Tijuana John", which contains a few happy hints for survival.
One beatnik got the woman he was living with so involved in drugs and self-analysis and all-night sessions of sex that she was beginning to crack up.
Part of the ritual of sex is the use of marijuana.
Across the front of a yard and down the side, they were iron, either spiked along the top or arched in half circles.
From high in the tree, the whole block lay within range of the eye, but the ground was almost nowhere visible.
In a stream that turns a mill-wheel there is a lot of water;
hot-colored verbenas in the corner between the dining-room wall and the side porch, where we passed on our way to the pump with the half-gourd tied to it as a cup by my grandmother for our childish pleasure in drinking from it.
I have more than once sat cross-legged in the grass through a long summer morning and watched without touching while a poppy bud higher than my head slowly but visibly pushed off its cap, unfolded, and shook out like a banner in the sun its flaming vermilion petals.
red-and-yellow columbines whose round-tipped spurs were picked off and eaten for the honey in them;
Squatting on our haunches beside the flat stone we broke them on, we were safe behind the high closed gates at the end of the drive: safe from interruption and the observation and possible amusement of the passers-by.
Every slight sound that rose against that pressure fell away again, crushed beneath it.
It became so monotonous as to seem a part of the quietness.
Opposite every gate was a hitching post or a stone carriage-step, set with a rusty iron ring for tying a horse.
His appearance as Lizzy evokes not amusement but horror in the audience;
he collapses, and dies.
Love is the crucial dilemma of experience for Mann's heroes.
For the present it is enough to note that in the grotesque figure of Jacoby, at the moment of his collapse, all these elements come together in prophetic parody.
The first sentence, with its platitudinous irony, announces an emblematic intent: "The way to the churchyard ran along beside the highroad, ran beside it all the way to the end;
also he is a drunk, and has lost his job on that account.
This is simple enough, but several more points of interest may be mentioned as relevant.
the two may in fact be identical.
In method as well as in theme this little anecdote with its details selected as much for expressiveness and allegory as for "realism", anticipates a kind of musical composition, as well as a kind of fictional composition, in which, as Leverkuhn says, "there shall be nothing unthematic".
These polar concerns (imitation vs. formalism) reflect a philosophical and religious situation which has been developing over a long period of time.
For better or worse we cannot regard "imitation" in the arts in the simple mode of classical rationalism or detached realism.
Presupposed in Plato's system is a doctrine of levels of insight, in which a certain kind of detached understanding is alone capable of penetrating to the most sublime wisdom.
He is the conveyor of a sacred reality by which he has been grasped.
Mimesis here is not to be confused with literalism or realism in the conventional sense.
Neither is primary experience understood according to the attitude of modern empiricism in which nothing is thought to be received other than signals of sensory qualities producing their responses in the appropriate sense organs.
We feel the quality of these powers initially as in some degree wholesome or threatening.
Both I and my feelings come up out of a chain of events that fan out into the past into sources that are ultimately very unlike the entity which I now am.
The traditional strategy of the South has been to expose the vices of the North, to demonstrate that the North possessed no superior virtue, to "show the world that" as James's Christopher Newman said to his adversaries) "however bad I may be, you're not quite the people to say it".
But I suspect that the old Roman was referring to change made under military occupation -- the sort of change which Tacitus was talking about when he said, "They make a desert, and call it peace" ("Solitudinem faciunt, pacem appellant".
The phrase "consent of the governed" needs a hard look.
A friend of mine in New Mexico said the Court order had caused no particular trouble out there, that all had gone as merry as a marriage bell.
It would be interesting to know how much "integration" there is in the famous, fashionable colleges and prep schools of New England.
And it is precisely in this poorer economic class that one finds, and has always found, the most racial friction.
A man must be able to say, "Father, I have sinned", or there is no hope for him.
Who is the owner?
Our Northern brethren also I believe felt a little tender under those censures;
But I think that something more than this is involved.
I don't propose to go into their history, but I have one or two surmises.
It is a lonely, rather desolate region, but full of legendary and historic associations.
Few writers have better understood their deepest selves.
he tells stories of the Thousand and One Nights, and conjures up before us the bazaars of Damascus.
It consists of fragmentary personal revelations, such as "The Spark": "There is a spark dwells deep within my soul.
His next major work, completed in 1892, was a long fantastic epic in prose, entitled Hans Alienus, which Professor Book describes as a monument on the grave of his carefree and indolent youth.
Whether in prose or poetry, all of Heidenstam's later work was concerned with Sweden.
The general effect is tragic.
Each aspired to be a god in human form, but with each it was a different kind of god.
He finds it in utter misery and desolation.
Heidenstam wrote four other works of fiction about earlier figures revered in Swedish memory.
Today the private detective will also investigate insurance claims or handle divorce cases, but his primary function remains what it has always been, to assist those who have money in their unending struggle with those who have not.
He catches criminals not merely because he is paid to do so (frequently he does not receive a fee at all), but because he enjoys his work, because he firmly believes that murder must be punished.
In the mystery story, as in The Wealth of Nations, individualism and the social good are two sides of the same benevolent coin.
The individualism and public service of the private detective both stem from his dedication to a personal code of conduct: he enforces the law without being told to do so.
Sherlock Holmes is not merely an individualist;
These little problems help me to do so".
Watson's insight is verified by the mysterious link between Holmes and his arch-opponent, Dr. Moriarty.
Their dedication to the status quo has been affirmed at the expense of the fascinating but dangerous individualism of a Sherlock Holmes.
Wolfe refuses to ever leave his own house, and spends most of his time drinking beer and playing with orchids.
Now the detective must save his own skin by informing on the girl he loves, who is also the real murderer.
He is, like Phillip Marlowe, too alienated to be reliable.
Dashiell Hammett resolved this contradiction by ceasing to write mystery stories and turning to other pursuits.
As a word of caution, we should be aware that in actual practice no message is purely one of the four types, question, command, statement, or exclamation.
The party is usually in a room small enough so that all guests are within sight and hearing of one another.
The crowd consequently breaks up into temporary groups ranging in size from two to six, with a half-life for the cluster ranging from three to twenty minutes.
A point like p gets information directly from n, but all information beyond n is indirectly relayed through n.
As time has passed and science has progressed, the speed of military vehicles has increased, the range of missiles has been extended, the use of target-hunting noses on the projectiles has been adopted, and the range and breadth of message sending has increased.
The commands are specified by the military regulations;
The connective system, or network, is tailored to meet the requirements of the objective, and it is therefore not surprising that a military body acting as a single coordinated unit has a different communication network than a factory, a college, or a rural village.
Questions and, particularly, exclamations are usually channeled along informal, horizontal lines not indicated in Figure 3 and seldom are carried beyond the nearest neighbor.
First, we realize that a pure specialist does not exist.
He points out that from the time of Jackson on through World War 1, evangelical Protestantism was a dominant influence in the social and political life of America.
That is to say Gabriel's fundamental law had been so much modified by this time that it was neither fundamental nor law any more.
Moreover the centralization of our economy during the 1920s, the dislocations of the Depression, the common ethos of Materialism everywhere, all contributed in various ways to the face-lifting that replaced Mike Fink and the Great Gatsby with the anonymous physiognomy of the Little People.
And by the time the war ended, liberal leadership in this country was spiritually Marxist.
He opens his discourse, however, with a review of the Eisenhower inaugural festivities at which a sympathetic press had assembled its massive talents, all primed to catch some revelation of the emerging new age.
But I'm not here to define conservatism.
I suppose we might classify Billy Graham as an old liberal.
And here again we hear the same refrain mentioned above: "the paramount goal of the United States set long ago was to guard the rights of the individual, ensure his development, enlarge his opportunity".
Has not that way been lit always by the lamp of liberalism up until the turning back under Eisenhower?
So an objective look at our present procedures may move us to consider seriously this possibly analogous situation.
Properly mindful of all the cultures in existence today throughout the world, we must employ these resources without war or violent revolution.
Their kind created an American culture superior to any in the world, an industrial and technological culture which penetrated Russia as it did almost every corner of the earth without a nickel from the Federal treasury or a single governmental specialist to contrive directives or program a series of consultations of interested agencies.
First, let us realize that whatever good this set-up achieved in earlier times, now the corporation per se cannot take economic leadership.
As a creative enterprise, its abilities are primarily in "swallowing" creative enterprises developed outside its own organization (an ability made possible by us, and almost mandatory).
Proprietorship
The proprietor is able to create a leadership impossible in the corporate structure with its board of directors and stockholders.
Strikes threatening the security of the proprietorship, if internally motivated, prevent a healthy relationship.
Also, I am convinced that if my company were a sole proprietorship instead of a partnership, I would have been even abler to solve long-range problems for myself and my fellow-employees.
Many Americans reacted irrationally to the challenge of Russia and turned to the repression of ideas by force.
They seem to believe that a person will act automatically as soon as he contacts something new.
Of course, there must be clarity: a single distinct impression is more valuable than many fuzzy ones.
We scour literature for them;
Shakespeare did not usually invent the incidents in his plays, but borrowed them from old stories, ballads, and plays, wove them together, and then breathed into them his spark of life.
Shakespeare does not tell us that Shylock was an aberrant individual.
Does this help the non-Jew to understand this group?
Frequently we are given assurance that automatically all ideas will be sifted and resifted and in the end only the good ones will survive.
In time she presents her aristocratic husband with a coal-black child.
Research, on the other hand, has shown many stepmothers to be eminently successful, some far better than the real mothers.
When some question arises in the medical field concerning cancer, for instance, we do not turn to free and open discussion as in a political campaign.
But have the results been heartening?
In the field of the natural sciences, scientifically verified data are quite readily available and any discussion can be shortened with good results.
It forced us to fix the responsibility for the position in which all medical commentators had been placed.
The press conference became a stage which betrayed the drift of his private thinking, rather than his convictions.
And we had the uneasy sense that the cleavage between the moral and the political progressed amid the events which concern us.
Ironically no president we have had would have regretted more than President Eisenhower the possibility to which his own words, in the press conference held at the beginning of August, testified: that unable as he was himself to say his running was best for the country, unconsciously he had placed his party before his nation.
In assigning to God the responsibility which he learned could not rest with his doctors, Eisenhower gave evidence of that weakening of the moral intuition which was to characterize his administration in the years to follow.
This does not mean that the decision to run for office should inevitably have been revoked.
The very nature of a choice so grounded in distinction and fact leads to the valid convictions which become force of will in the manifest leader.
Rather it is rooted in a difference of response to the threat of social disintegration.
An interregnum ensues in which not men but ideas compete for existence.
It has lost its ground of being and floats in a mist of appearances.
Of all forms of being, society, or community, has the greatest element of determinability.
And the direction of that movement is determined by his perception of the truth about himself.
Change involves the displacement of form.
And it would seem that history is a witness to this truth.
Within institutions there is a marked decline of the process of persuasion and the substitution of a force-fear process which masquerades as the earlier one of persuasion.
The problem is to remove the accretions and thereby uncover the order that was always there.
But this truth is distorted by its extreme application: the assumption of the separate existence of tradition.
even the questionable features of the past are defended.
We can also argue that the three brothers Karamazov and Smerdyakov were the external representatives of an internal conflict within one man, Dostoevsky, a conflict having to do with father-murder and the wish to possess the father's woman.
"The Rocking Horse Winner" is also a story about a boy's love for his mother.
But on one occasion when I encountered a similar fantasy in a little boy who was my patient I began to understand the uncanny effects of this story.
For this love of the boy for his mother is a hopeless and forbidden love, doomed by its nature.
He would not have cared why it emerged, he only wanted to capture a memory to play with it again in his imagination and somehow to fix and hold in the story the disturbing emotions that accompanied the fantasy.
I have argued that Oedipus of the Oedipus complex has a doubtful future as a tragic figure in literature.
He chose a medieval legend of incest, Gregorius Vom Stein, and freely borrowed and parodied other myths of the West, mixing themes, language, peoples and times in a master myth in which the old forms continually renew themselves, as in his previous treatment of Joseph.
His sailing vessel is guided by fate to the shores of his own country at a time when Sibylla's domain is overrun by the armies of one of her rejected suitors.
and used gradations of color value as well as sharply contrasting elementary colors.
At this period the thirty-year old Helion was ranked "as one of the mature leaders of the modern movement", according to Herbert Read, "and in the direct line of descent from Cezanne, Seurat, Gris and Leger".
Where would it all lead?
Helion also hoped that America's mastery of technology and industrial efficiency would be accompanied by the production of new and beautiful art works.
"I knew I was carrying on with abstraction to its very end -- for me", he said of the two years'output in Virginia.
A year later they were removed to a Stalag in the harbor of Stettin.
during long weeks the plan for his flight was rehearsed.
At this moment the volley-ball hit the ground.
It was a time of revelations for him.
Helion, however, clung to the belief that "in escaping from the Stalag I had also escaped from Abstraction".
Important as was Mr. O'Donnell's essay, his thesis is so restricting as to deny Faulkner the stature which he obviously has.
They have indicated the direction but they have not been explicit enough, I believe, in pointing out Faulkner's independence, his questioning if not indeed challenging the Southern tradition.
And, after all, he has lived comfortably at both Oxford, Mississippi, and Charlottesville, Virginia.
His repeated experimentation with the techniques of fiction testifies to an independence of mind and an originality of approach, but it also shows him touching at many points the stream of literary development back of him.
The myth of the Southern plantation has had only a tangential relation with actuality, as Francis Pendleton Gaines showed forty years ago, and I suspect it has had a far narrower acceptance as something real than has generally been supposed.
Simms admired the raucous tales emanating from the backwoods, but he had himself social affiliations which would not allow him to approve them fully.
Thorpe came to Louisiana from the East as a young man prepared to find in the new country the setting of romantic adventure and idealized beauty.
There would be side-conclusions to be drawn, of course;
He is a Craig's wife who agonizes about tobacco ash on the living room rug and he is a forgetful genius who goes boating with the town baker when dignitaries from the local university have come to call.
There is essential pleasantness in reading the writing of men who are not angry, who can contend without quarreling.
Since the slogans have little application to reality and are sanctimonious to boot, the applause is faint even in areas of the world where we should expect to find the greatest affection for free government.
The picture is the more treacherous when it misrepresents the facts of American life.
The Introduction continues: "
But however we come, finally, to explain and account for the present, the truth we are trying to expose, right now, is that the makers of constitutions and the designers of institutions find it difficult if not impossible to anticipate the behavior of the host of all their enterprises.
Thus the member of an industrial union comes to regard his officers as business agents who may proceed without interference or recall;
The conclusion -- the distances of the constellations did not vary and their paths were circular.
Why, for example, should the ancients have supposed the diurnal rotation of the heavens to be elliptical?
Circular motion, however, since it is eternal and perfectly continuous, lacks termini.
It is covered (partly) with water, air is atop of that.
Bluntly, there never was a Ptolemaic system of astronomy.
The distances of these points of light is a problem he cannot master, beyond crude conjectures as to the orderings of the planetary orbits viewed outward from earth.
In Ptolemaic terms, however, eclipses and retrograde motion were phenomena simpliciter, to be explained directly as possible resultants of epicyclical combinations.
it involves a reduction in the number of epicycles from eighty-three to seventeen".
This was not simpler but much more difficult than exercises within Ptolemy's astronomy.
Copernicus, to an extent unachieved by Ptolemy, approximated to Euclid's vision.
In what does the dissatisfaction of Copernicus-the-astronomer consist?
The critical, rigorous examinations of Nicholas of Cusa and Nicholas of Oresme provided the context (a late medieval context) for Nicholas Copernicus'own work.
She had the opportunity that few clever women can resist, of showing her superiority in argument over a man.
Under her father's influence it did not occur to Henrietta that she might write on subjects outside the Jewish field, but she did begin writing for other Anglo-Jewish papers and thus increased her output and her audience.
A smart, shrewd and ambitious young man, well connected, and with a knack for getting in the good graces of important people, he was bound to go far.
And when he complained of the lack of time for all he wanted to do, Henrietta advised him to rise at five in the morning as she and Papa did.
and "Marmee" March, like Sophie Szold, was the competent manager of her brood of girls, of whom the Marches had only four to the Szolds'five.
When her right hand was incapacitated by the rheumatism, Sadie learned to write with her left hand.
and, as in the March home, any young man who called on the Szolds found himself confronted with a phalanx of femininity which made it rather difficult to direct his particular attention to any one of them.
It must be granted that the flouting of convention, no matter how well intentioned one may be, is sure to lead to trouble, or at least to the discomfort that goes with social disapproval.
The first thing to do is get her some money by a temporary but definite adjustment pending a final disposition of the case.
One of the most distressing of these scenes occurred at Spring Green toward the end of the open warfare, on a beautiful day in June.
"Madame Noel, I think you had better go", said Mrs. Cupply.
As if to make certain that Wright would be unable to pay any settlement at all, Miriam wrote to prospective clients denouncing him;
"You are being strangled by traffic".
Little enough joy was afforded Wright in the spring of 1925, when another destructive fire broke out at Taliesin.
how can he be financed so that he can find the work he ought to do?
What irritated Miriam was that Wright had told the papers about a reasonable offer he had made, which he considered she would accept "when she tires of publicity".
Here Wright gave a slight sigh of weariness, and continued, "It means more long years lived across the social grain of the life of our people, making shift to live in the face of popular disrespect and misunderstanding as I best can for myself and those dependent upon me".
I do not suppose you ever heard of F. Scott Fitzgerald, living or dead, and moreover I do not suppose that, even if you had, his legend would have seemed to you to warrant more than a cluck of disapproval.
Perhaps this is not so little.
Whether you experienced the passion of desire I have, of course, no way of knowing, nor indeed have I wished with even the most fleeting fragment of a wish to know, for the fact that one constitutes by one's mere existence so to speak the proof of some sort of passion makes any speculation upon this part of one's parents'experience more immodest, more scandalizing, more deeply unwelcome than an obscenity from a stranger.
We had been walking quite briskly, for despite your being so small and me so tall, your stride in those days could easily match mine.
Just as I was about to enlarge upon my discovery of the underside of the leaf of love, memory, displeased at being asked to yield its unsavory secrets, dashed ahead of me, calling back over its shoulder: "Skip it.
It assumes that things are as they seem when they seem best, and when they seem worst it overlooks them.
I had long since begun to lose my general innocence when I lost my trust in you, but this special innocence I lost before ever I loved, through my discovery that one could tremble with desire and even experience a flaming delight that had nothing, nothing whatever to do with friendship or liking, let alone with love.
With each song he gave verbal footnotes.
Schopenhauer never learned
It is not easy to become Segovia's pupil.
The heart of this great poet constantly bubbles forth a generous joy of life -- with or without the guitar".
They went to the pawnshop of Joseph Miller of 1162 Sixth Avenue.
This has always been Carl's attitude.
It changes with every generation.
it is a dedication which began the moment she met Carl.
As the Sandburg goat herd increased, she also designed the barn alterations to accommodate them.
Paula's older brother is Edward Steichen, a talented artist and, for the past half-century, one of the world's eminent photographers.
She read everything else she could get her hands on, including an article (she thinks it was in the Atlantic Monthly) by Mark Twain on "White Slavery".
Carl and Paula met in Milwaukee in 1907 during Paula's Christmas holiday visit to her parents.
Paula generously lent me one of Carl's love letters, dated February 21, 1908, Hotel Athearn, Oshkosh, Wisconsin:
Growing out of this concern is the realization that all people of the Free World have a great stake in the progress, in freedom, of the uncommitted and newly emerging nations.
America did not become great through softness and self-indulgence.
In 1959 our deficit in balance of payments approached four billion dollars.
Here, in two nations alone, are almost five hundred million people, all working, and working hard, to raise their standards, and in doing so, to make of themselves a strong bulwark against the spread of an ideology that would destroy liberty.
By extending this help, we hope to make possible the enthusiastic enrollment of these nations under freedom's banner.
It is world-wide knowledge that any power which might be tempted today to attack the United States by surprise, even though we might sustain great losses, would itself promptly suffer a terrible destruction.
To meet situations of less than general nuclear war, we continue to maintain our carrier forces, our many service units abroad, our always ready Army strategic forces and Marine Corps divisions, and the civilian components.
Second, our military missile program, going forward so successfully, does not suffer from our present lack of very large rocket engines, which are necessary in distant space exploration.
Suggested improvements will be submitted to the Congress shortly.
the persistent refusal to come to grips with a critical problem in one sector of American agriculture;
This conference was held despite Stavropoulos'assurance to Adolf Berle, who was leaving the same day for Puerto Rico, that nothing would be done until his return on January 22, except that the Secretary General would probably order the list destroyed.
Gross's, being "outside" the U.N. applied only to a physical state, not an objective one.
Never well known, but he had done his work competently.
"Well, how could that have been?
Supposing you or I were being accused in this manner, and yet we were doing our level best to carry on our work.
For an instant he glared speechless at Marshall.
"Then what about the second interim public announcement?
What was the list?
"
"Those"!
There wasn't any'violent argument'between Bang-Jensen and Shann, as the Tribune puts it.
Bang-Jensen was in "hysterical condition".
It appeals to those who were frustrated in the outcome of the Hungarian situation.
It wished to pursue, in the course of this review, questions arising from the body of material already in its possession.
Another week passed and even the missionaries were enjoying the voyage.
It was much more fun, reminding the girls of their old carefree days in the Hasseltine frolics room at Bradford.
As for Adoniram, she found him to be "the kindest" of husbands.
I can hardly think of this simple fare without exclaiming, oh, what a luxury.
The more Adoniram looked at the Greek word for baptism, the more unhappy he became over its true meaning.
but I hear the thunder roll;
Ann was plainly disappointed in his appearance.
Running across the deck, which was empty now that the livestock had been killed and eaten, they sniffed the spice-laden breezes that came from the shore, each pointing out new and exciting wonders to the other.
She was certain now that it would be no harder to bear her child here in such pleasant surroundings than at home in the big white house in Haverhill.
Ann, pleased to see her friend happy, was intrigued by the new fruits a friend of Captain Heard had sent on board for their enjoyment.
All Captain Gibault took back to Salem were a few items for the town's East India Museum.
When he discovered they had received from the Company's Court of Directors no permission to live in India, coupled with the fact that they were Americans who had been sent to Asia to convert "the heathen", he became more belligerent than ever.
On the other hand, Molesworth was naturally assailed in the Tory press.
Steele lost his seat in Parliament, and his personal quarrel with Swift, by now a public issue, thus reached its climax.
In this connection, Swift, too, is drawn in for attack: "The Author of The Conduct Of The Allies has dared to drop Insinuations about altering the Succession".
Accordingly the request was granted, but the Elector himself, who had not been consulted by his mother, rejected the proposal and recalled his agent Schutz, whose impolitic handling of the affair had caused the Hanoverian interest to suffer and had made Oxford's dismissal more likely than ever.
Though put in rather maudlin terms, Steele's defense of himself has a reasonable basis.
Next, Steele turns his attention to the "Courtier" he is addressing.
In The Publick Spirit of the Whigs, it may be noted, Swift himself contemptuously dismissed Steele's reference to his friend at court: "I suppose by the Style of old Friend, and the like, it must be some Body there of his own Level;
If nothing else, at least two good songs came out of the project, "Out Of This World" and "June Comes Around Every Year".
By the age of six young Johnny indicated that he had the call.
Young Mercer showed a remarkable lack of aptitude for both instruments.
This rather detached attitude toward life's encumbrances has seemed to be the dominant trait in Mercer's personality ever since.
When he remembered that he might have not signed the check, Mercer made out another for the same amount, instructing the bank to destroy the other -- especially if he had happened to have absent-mindedly signed both of them.
The innocent malfeasant, filled with that supreme sense of honor found in bars, insisted upon replacing the destroyed monacle -- and did, over the protests of the former owner -- with a square monacle.
He had yet to meet Harold Arlen, for although they had "collaborated" on "Satan's Li'l Lamb", Mercer and Harburg had worked from a lead sheet the composer had furnished them.
", and "Too Marvelous For Words" (all with Richard Whiting);
After I would finish playing the songs, he'd just go away without a comment.
The American-Negro Suite is in a sense an extension of the Cotton Club songs in that it is a collection of Negro songs, not for a night club, but for the concert stage.
A much larger room, adjacent to the lavatory, served as a passageway to and from the skimpy toilet.
Robinson asked Herford to escort him to the club's lavatory before they sat down for a highball and a game of cards.
"Pardon me, sir.
Mr. Hearst's telegraphic code word for Victor Watson was "fatboy".
Whatever the Hetman's ambitions, his colleagues were kept ill at ease.
About the only time the Hetman seemed excited was when one of his own pet ideas was born.
When I returned to make my report, the Hetman did not remember having sent me on the secret mission.
Mr. Baer had an auburn beard, like Longfellow's.
He paused for a moment to look at me, then went on to the city desk to deliver his "Today" column.
He exposed the bucket-shop racket with the able assistance of two excellent reporters, Nat Ferber and Carl Helm.
Not long after Colonel Van Hamm had foisted me on the Watson staff I received a salary raise and a contract on the Hetman's recommendation.
The Hetman did have friends, but they were mostly outside the newspaper profession.
A little boy came to give the President his personal condolences, and the President gave word that any little boy who wanted to see him was to be shown in.
She kept the dolls on the Lincoln bed.
Mrs. Coolidge would knit, and the President would sit reading, or playing with the many pets around them.
The dress in the painting is a bright red, with rhinestones forming a spray on the right side.
But she was afraid the First Lady would not understand, because Rob Roy was a perfect angel with the First Family.
They would all lie around on the rug during the meal, a very pretty sight as Rob Roy, Prudence, and Calamity Jane were all snow-white.
The butlers were amused because when the Stearns were there, the President would say grace at breakfast.
The White House had chewing gum until it could chew no more, and every Christmas, Mr. Wrigley sent the President a check for $100, to be divided among all the help.
She would often go up on the roof to see the attendant take down the flag in the evening.
She wore grey every day, and white every evening.
She reached and reached around the dress, but there was nothing there.
they have been someone's enemy.
Granted, such "functional" images are subject to human error;
In some measure they depend upon the structure of individual personality.
Undoubtedly, however, the significance of the volume is greater than the foregoing paragraphs suggest.
What is the probable course of future developments?
Since the recognition of Israel as a nation state, claims are made in many cases which identify the claimant as a member of the new body politic.
It is not implied that formal principles and procedures are so firmly entrenched within the public order of the world community or even of free commonwealths that they will control in all circumstances involving Jews and Gentiles during coming years.
But their freedom of policy is limited by the pattern of predisposition with which they and the people around them enter the crisis.
and in contemporary society we often complain of too much reaffirmation of the goodness of the good.
The relatively long and often colorful selections in this anthology enable the reader to become genuinely absorbed in what is said, whether he responds with anger or applause.
Moreover, if the critic instructs his audience in what to see in a work, he is contributing to this pseudo-thinking;
Scientists often turn out to be idiosyncratic, too.
This is in large part a code of behavior and a glossary of values: what is it that people do and should do and how one should regard it.
One of the most salient features of literary value has been deemed to be its influence upon and organization of emotion.
I take the central meaning here to be the contrast between the drab empty quality of life without literature and a life enriched by it.
I mean something more like Freud's concept of the utility of "play" to a small child: he plays "house" or "doctor" or "fireman" as a way of mastering slightly frightening experiences, reliving them imaginatively until they are under control.
Sensibility is a vague word, covering an area of meaning rather than any precise talent, quality, or skill.
I use this term to mean three things: a search for the human significance of an event or state of affairs, a tendency to look at wholes rather than parts, and a tendency to respond to these events and wholes with feeling.
There results a study of literature freed from the tyranny of the contemporary.
But the historian of literature need not confine his attention to biography or to stylistic questions of form, "texture", or technique.
also secondary notions such as the perfectibility of man, the depravity of man, and the dignity of man.
Very likely it will also include a recognition that the work we are reading reflects or "belongs to" some way of thought labelled as a "school" or an "-ism", i.e. a complex or "syndrome" of ideas occurring together with sufficient prominence to warrant identification.
regarded from the inside, it is the carrying into action of a certain thought The historian's business is to penetrate to the inside of the actions with which he is dealing and reconstruct or rather rethink the thoughts which constituted them.
Finally we may note that the idea appears in educational theory where its influence is at present widespread.
We may also recognize cases in which the poets have influenced the philosophers and even indirectly the scientists.
The blue-eyed Watson decided that he would dislike living in New York, and the deal fell through.
Attorney Shearn had worked on this for two years and had succeeded in getting a report supporting his stand from the United States Attorney for the Southern District of New York.
There can be little doubt that there was a conspiracy in Washington, overt or implied, to block anything Hearst wanted, even if it was something good.
He sought to run Congress as he ran his New York American or Journal, a scheme veteran legislators resisted.
Just when it was needed for the campaign, Hearst Paper No. 8, the Boston American, began publication.
It has been a long time since he has seen any campaign money, and when the proposition is laid down to him as the friends of Mr. Hearst are laying it down these days he is quite likely to get aboard the Hearst bandwagon".
"The nomination of Hearst would compass the ruin of the party", Carmack said.
As for the paid Hessians from other states, we are here to instruct the Indiana Democracy in their duty, I have nothing but contempt.
Another editor pointed despairingly at a bundle of letters that had accumulated for him, saying, "But Mr. Hearst, what shall I do with this correspondence"?
But I do not have to be bribed by office to be a Democrat.
The three volumes brought to the fore a characteristic of Trevelyan's prose which remained conspicuous through his later works -- a genius for describing military action with clarity and with authority.
Trevelyan accepts Italian nationalism with little analysis, he is unduly critical of papal and French policy, and he is more than generous in assessing British policy.
Yet he is right when he claims in his autobiography that he drew the real features of the man, his tender and selfless motives and his rugged fearless strength.
And Grey's Northumberland background was close to Trevelyan's own.
By what one reader called a "series of dissolving views", he merges one period into another and gives a sense of continuous growth.
The History Of England has often been compared with Green's Short History.
And yet the elements which capture his liberal and humanistic imagination are those which make the English story worth telling and worth remembering.
He saw the age as one in which Britain "settled her free constitution" and attained her modern place in the world.
If only for this modest masterpiece of military history, Blenheim is likely to be read and reread long after newer interpretations have perhaps altered our picture of the Marlborough wars.
They would champion me.
This is full evidence of your support for my principles.
The waspish man stopped me three paces from the bicycle barricade, and asked me in French if I had papers to leave France.
At this, the students let out a yell, knowing full well the actual frontier was beyond the town of Kehl.
"But if there is no line, how can there be two countries?
"Visa?
Finally they went off to file their stories, after the photographers had taken pictures of my latest vigil.
The day passed eventfully enough, with a constant stream of visitors, some stopping only to say hello, others getting into serious conversations, such as one Andre Fuchs, a free-lance journalist from Strasbourg who wrote an article for the Nouvelle Alsatian in highly sympathetic terms.
Sighting a line from the bridge to a small field directly to the side, I pitched the tent that evening on the stateless "line", digging a small trench around it as best I could with a toy spade donated by a neighborhood child.
In the mail were invitations to speak at the universities of Cologne, Heidelberg, and Baden-Baden.
May we have a word with you"?
"No, it's not that", I told her.
"Shake", I said.
His hat was gone, the tears were streaming from his eyes.
Sherman was responsible for the story when he said in his memoirs that this was the only time he could recall seeing Thomas ride so fast.
Before making the news public Sherman sent an officer with the note to Thomas.
He supposed the military world would approve of his accomplishment.
Grant called it prompt, skillful and brilliant.
In the summary of the principal events of the campaign compiled from the official records there are only ten days which show no fighting.
To the Rebels it seemed as if Sherman carried tunnels and bridges in his pockets.
So Sherman tried a compromise.
Its climactic role was to pursue and demoralize a defeated enemy but this chance never came in the Atlanta campaign.
At such times Thomas wondered when and where a counterattack would strike him.
Merited recommendations from army commanders were passed over in favor of political appointees from civil life.
Katherine was staying at a convent, and her mother felt that, as Thompson himself seems to have suggested, she might eventually stay there.
Mr. Meynell knows the way.
The terrible blow of the New Year put an end to that project.
For them a box will be lodgment enough.
Meynell once again paid his debts and it was Katie, rather than Thompson, whose life was soon ended, for she died in childbirth in April, 1901, in the first year of her marriage.
Taking into account Thompson's capacity for self-dramatization and the possibility of a wish to identify his own life with the misfortunes of other poets who had known unhappy loves, there can be no doubt about his genuine emotion for Katie King.
Meynell's remedy for Thompson's despondent mood was typically practical.
Yet Davidson impressed him as a poet capable of "sustained power, passion, or beauty", and he cited specific passages to illustrate not only these qualities but Davidson's command of imagery as well.
By 1783 her legions had managed to annex the Crimea amid scenes of wanton cruelty and now, in this second combat with the Crescent, were aiming at suzerainty over all of the Black Sea's northern shoreline.
As his second in command The Prince had Marshal Repnin, one-time Ambassador to Poland.
Out of Saxony rode the Prince of Anhalt-Bernburg, one of the Czarina's cousins and a lieutenant general in her armies, a frank, sensitive, popular soldier whose kindnesses Littlepage would "always recall with the sincerest gratitude".
The Prince's perceptions were quick and his energy monstrous, but these qualities were sapped by an Oriental lethargy and a policy of letting nothing interfere with personal passions.
Usually Lewis would find at headquarters one or more of The Prince's various nieces.
He stays inactive for half the summer in front of Oczakov, a quite second-rate spot, begins to besiege it formally only during the autumn rains, and finally carries it by assault in the heart of winter.
But he was perpetually engaged in a battle to command his own temper.
His breakfast was tea;
Underneath, he remained one of the best-educated Russians of his day.
broad red stripes down the trouser leg;
He looked disapprovingly at an ash tray piled high with cigarette stubs, shook his head, and moved his hand back and forth in a strong negative gesture.
I might not make any money but I'd sure have patients".
We stopped first at the amphitheater that lies at the foot of the height crowned by the Parthenon.
We've come a long way and spent a lot of money.
In 1687 the Turks, who had been in control of the city since the fifteenth century, with a truly shattering lack of prudence used the Parthenon as a powder magazine.
Another classic sight that gave us considerable pleasure was the Evzone sentry, in his ballet skirt with great pompons on his shoes, who was patrolling up and down in front of the palace.
The Artists contended that the Philistines, gross of soul, were all for having Son et Lumiere, since the French were footing the bill and the attraction, wherever it had been done, had proven popular.
The sand is fine and pleasant, the cabanas are clean, and the parasols, green, raspberry, and butter yellow, are very gay.
A good deal of English was spoken on the beach, most educated Greeks learn it in childhood, and there were also American wives and children of our overseas servicemen.
Norton and I dined one night in a sea-food restaurant in Piraeus right on the water's edge.
His English was limited, and the little he knew he found irritating.
The game is not worth the ammunition it would cost.
Pike was stunned by the first blast against his character, which was published in the March 4th issue of The Gazette under the name "Vale".
Robinson did neither.
Shortly after the "Vale" incident, a rift began to develop between William Woodruff and Governor Pope.
"We think the governor treated us rather shabbily, to say the least of it.
The governor was not used to having his integrity questioned, and he promptly passed the charges on to Woodruff, demanding that Woodruff answer them.
As a stanch party man and a rabid Democrat, he had little tolerance for Whigs like Pike, and Pike lost any immediate personal advantage his victory over Woodruff might have gained him.
"Little Rock is, without any flattery, one of the dullest towns in the United States and I would not have remained two hours in the place, if I had not met with some good friends who made me forget its dreariness".
Samuel Gorton, founder of Warwick, was styled by the historian Samuel Greene Arnold "one of the most remarkable men who ever lived".
He was universally beloved by his neighbours, and the Indians, who esteemed him, not only as a friend, but one high in communion with God in Heaven".
Roger Williams had recently been thrown out, and Anne Hutchinson and her Antinomians were slugging it out with the powers-that-be.
His wife was in delicate health and nursing an infant with measles.
During the trial he told off the jury, called them "Just Asses" and called a freeman "a saucy boy and Jack-an-Apes".
Providence finally managed to get Gorton out of the town, and he and some friends bought land at Pawtuxet on the west side of Narragansett Bay, five miles south but still within the jurisdiction of the Providence colony.
Pomham and Soconoco, a couple of minor sachems (of something less than exalted character) under Miantonomi, declared that they had never assented to the sale of land to Gorton and had never received anything for it.
At Shawomet, women and children fled in terror across the Bay.
On Sunday they refused to attend church.
Whether the Fathers, who died before Christ was born of the Virgin Mary, were justified and saved only by the blood which he shed, and the death which he suffered after his incarnation?
The three others got off easier.
But a few days after Fred's return he began hemorrhaging and that was the beginning of early and complete disintegration.
To give a patient the wrong type of blood, said the doctor, would likely kill him.
Fred demanded.
"W. O. Wolfe, prominent business man and pioneer resident of this section, died shortly after midnight Tuesday at his home 48 Spruce Street", the Asheville Times of Wednesday, June 21, announced.
The bills were principally for hospitalization and doctors'fees during the last years of his life, and when he died he owed in the main only current doctor's bills.
Papa, I should emphasize, had been an invalid the last several years of his life;
But he never expected to do that.
But he was happy to tell her that his finances were now in such condition that he could go back to Harvard for a third year with Professor Baker.
It ran until past one o'clock.
In describing it to Professor Baker after it had been chosen for production, he defended his great array of characters by declaring that he had included that many not because "I didn't know how to save paint", but because the play required them.
But they would reconsider it, they assured him, if he would rewrite it.
It was not until we had returned to the city to live, while I was still at Brown and Sharpe's, that I felt the full impact of evangelical Christianity.
Much of this lacked the active support of the pastor.
There is, of course, the doctrine of original sin, which asserts that each of us as individuals partakes of the guilt of our first ancestor.
They have remained on the opened page of my mind in all the years which since have passed.
As we observe moral law and physical law they appear as being inevitable.
His Ethics defines "possessions as the property of the community, of which the individual is sovereign steward.
Schweitzer seems, in fact, to acquire for himself a burden of sin, not bequeathed by Adam, but accumulated in the inevitable judgments which life requires of him as between greater and lesser responsibilities.
In seeking for such meaning and purpose, Albert Schweitzer seized upon the concept of the "sacredness of life".
Persons, whether white, black, brown or yellow, are a concern of God.
He told me that he had a big newt and a little newt and that he was transplanting a big eye of the big newt onto the little newt and a little eye of the little newt onto the big newt.
None of these discoveries were neatly rounded off bits of knowledge.
The subject of immortality brings to mind a vivid incident which took place in 1929 at Montreux in Switzerland.
Plato and Aristotle agree on some vital literary issues.
Plato is, at times, just as suspicious of the poets themselves as he is of their work.
We can be virtuous only if we control our lower natures, the passions in this case, and strengthen our rational side;
We may further grant to those of her (Poetry's) defenders who are lovers of poetry and yet not poets, the permission to speak in prose on her behalf: let them show not only that she is pleasant but also useful to States and to human life, and we will listen in a kindly spirit;
A tragedy, by his definition, is an imitation of an action that is serious, of a certain magnitude, and complete in itself.
He rejects certain plots because they do not contribute to that end.
No one suggested that the ethical effects of the art were irrelevant.
Aroused by what they considered an evil influence, some members of the clergy, joined by city authorities, merchants, and master craftsmen, began the attack on the plays and the actors for what they called "the abuses of the art", but by 1582 some of them began to denounce the whole idea of acting.
For this purpose we now draw upon data from sociological and psychological studies of students in American colleges and universities, and particularly from the Cornell Values Studies.
The ideal of a liberal education impresses itself upon the students more and more as they move through college.
They also want money, prestige, and security.
Thus, many a creativity-oriented aspirant for a career in architecture, drama, or journalism, resigns himself to a real estate business;
In the field of political values, it is certainly true that students are not radical, not rebels against their parents or their peers.
There is now substantial evidence from several major studies of college students that the experience of the college years results in a certain, selective homogenization of attitudes and values.
In this sense also, they are surely conformists.
At the same time, a major proportion of these young men and women see religion as a means of personal adjustment, an anchor for family life, a source of emotional security.
Nor are optimistic and socially-oriented themes at all rare in the distinctive religious history of this country.
Although the fort was evacuated in the face of the force of Cornwallis, Morgan and his men did have a chance to take another swing at the redcoats.
A body of redcoats were seen marching down a nearby slope, a tempting target for the riflemen, who threw a volley into their ranks and "messed up" the smart formation considerably.
But you could (as from yourself) tell her that you had friends who, being with the army, don't know what to do with their money and would willingly let her have one or many thousand dollars".
In order to see that this hindering situation remained effective, Washington detached several bodies of his troops to the periphery of the Philadelphia area.
He had braved the elements and the enemy, but the strain, aided by the winter, was catching up with him at last.
His fellow Virginian, George Washington, had stated, "I believe no event was ever received with more heartfelt joy".
These were Oneida Indians.
Even so, Edward's ambassadors can scarcely have foreseen that five years of unremitting work lay ahead of them before peace was finally made and that when it did come the countless embassies that left England for Rome during that period had very little to do with it.
But Edward was invading Scotland for precisely the same reason, and his insubordinate vassal was the ally of the king of France.
it was the clerks who caused the mischief and who made him say that the ruling passion of their race was covetousness and that in dealing with them he never knew whether he had to do with a Frenchman or with a devil.
The defeat and death of Adolf of Nassau at the hands of Albert of Habsburg also worked to the disadvantage of the English, for all the efforts to revive the anti-French coalition came to nothing when Philip made an alliance with the new king of the Romans.
This was a doubly bitter blow to the king.
Alfred wanted to invest in my father's hotel and advance enough money to build a larger place.
The six miles between the towns became an ocean and the Alperts became a family of strangers.
Instead she waited for Alfred to get better and take care of her.
By leaving me everything he wouldn't be doing me a favor, my father told him, and he didn't want to see his daughter involved in a lawsuit.
I sat down to wait, and I watched Tessie Alpert, who hadn't moved or said a word but kept staring out of the window.
Alfred nodded a little nod and went out through the door.
He stood there watching until it had gone from his sight.
He was a learned man and a very gentle soul.
perhaps he was a little more sympathetic to the sides of beef that hung silently from his hooks.
I helped Lilly in the store.
To me Lilly was a fine and lovely girl.
This huge hulk played the guitar and he would take it along on our walks and play for us as we sat alone in the woods or by the stream.
In archaeology, for example, the contributions of Frederick Haverfield and Reginald Smith to the various volumes of the Victoria County Histories raised the discipline from the status of an antiquarian pastime to that of the most valuable single tool of the early English historian.
In sum, it can be said that the techniques and standards of present day have their origin at the turn of the century.
" It is also worthy of note that Lot cited both Kemble and Lappenberg with favor in that article.
Nevertheless, in another way modern historians still labor in the vineyard of the Oxford school.
Most scholars, while willing to accept a survival (revival?
It is no longer possible to say that a sceptical attitude towards the received accounts of the invasions almost automatically produces a "shore occupied by" interpretation.
In the face of a clear judgment from archaeology, therefore, it became impossible for a time for scholars to re-adopt the "shore settled by" theory.
My argument is that there was no Saxon Shore prior to that time even though the forts had been in existence since the time of Carausius.
To do so, something was necessary beyond volunteering because there was little glamour or romance in the European war;
Before the Draft Act was passed Baker had confidentially briefed governors, sheriffs, and prospective draft board members on the administration of the measure -- and the confidence was kept so well that only one newspaper learned what was going on.
After Kahn's death in 1924 Scott wrote: "May he rest in peace with the eternal gratitude of his adopted country".
it was another to house, feed, and train them.
To the middle of September 1918, there had been fewer than 10,000 deaths from disease in the new army.
Their policy ran counter to the traditional idea that a good fighter was usually a libertine, and that in sex affairs "God-given passion" was a proof of manliness.
Fosdick insisted that a strong word was needed from Washington, and it was immediately forthcoming.
When Fosdick showed the letter to Baker his negative response was: "For God's sake, Raymond, don't show this to the President or he'll stop the war".
The CTCA program of activities was profuse: William Farnum and Mary Pickford on the screen, Elsie Janis and Harry Lauder on the stage, books provided by the American Library Association, full equipment for games and sports -- except that no "bones" were furnished for the all-time favorite pastime played on any floor and known as "African golf".
Comparable visions of life are at work in Antigone and Romeo And Juliet.
Shakespeare is closer to Sophocles than he is to Pope and Voltaire.
The shadows cast by the personages of Greek and Shakespearean drama lengthen into a greater darkness.
But at the touch of Hume and Voltaire the noble or hideous visitations which had haunted the mind since Agamemnon's blood cried out for vengeance, disappeared altogether or took tawdry refuge among the gaslights of melodrama.
Similarly the sufferings of Hamlet, Othello, or Phedre engage the fortunes of the state.
In La Nouvelle-Heloise and Werther tragedy is made intimate.
There had not yet supervened between understanding and expression the new languages of mathematics and scientific formulas.
Concepts such as grace, damnation, purgation, blasphemy, or the chain of being, which are everywhere implicit in classic and Shakespearean tragedy, lose their vitality.
It could not really be fulfilled.
The third Act of Faust 2, is a formal celebration of the union between the Germanic and the classic, between the spirit of Euripides and that of romantic drama.
When Quiney and William Parsons wrote to Greville in 1593 asking his consent in the election for bailiff, they sent the letter to Mr. William Sawnders, attendant on the worshipful Mr. Thomas Bushell at Marston.
At Milcote on November 3, 1597, the aldermen asked him to support their petition for a new charter.
Allso that if monei might be had for 30 or 40 a lease & might be procured".
This seems to refer, not to the loan Richard had asked for, but to a proposed bargain with Shakespeare.
He asked Quiney to find out whether the money had been paid and, if not, to send to the lodging of Sir Edward and entreat him to pay what he owed.
all which cost me at the least 20 pounds".
After returning Stratford he drew up a defense of the town's right to toll corn and the office of collecting it, and his list of suggested witnesses included his father and Shakespeare's father.
The fall of Rome, the discovery of precious metals, and the Protestant Reformation were all links and could only be explained and understood by comprehending the links that preceded and those that followed.
The failure of Greece to reach the imperial destiny that Periclean Athens had seemed to promise was almost directly attributable to her physical conformation.
In light of the scholarly reappraisals engendered by the higher criticism this is a most remarkable statement, particularly coming from one who was well known for his antifundamentalist views.
In all fairness it must be admitted that Adams made no pretense at being an impartial historian.
No page seems to be complete without the statement of at least one unproved generalization.
A. M. Wergeland called the Adams method literally antihistorical, while Clive Day maintained that the assumptions were not confined to theories alone but were also applicable to straight factual evidence.
Brooks Adams considered religion as an extremely significant manifestation of man's fear of the unknown.
Adams was not breaking new ground when he claimed that the worship of an unseen power was in reality a reflection of man's inability to cope with his environment.
Adams contended that once such a special class had been created it became a vested interest and sought to maintain itself by assuming exclusive control over the relationships between God and man.
To Adams that age in which religion exercised power over the entire culture of the race was one of imagination, and it is largely the admiration he so obviously held for such eras that betrays a peculiar religiosity -- a sentiment he would have probably denied.
In fact, he had raised quetzal birds in his camp in the forest of Ecuador.
Finally we got them out of the house, after the boy had run away four times looking for other Nazis, threatening to murder village schoolchildren and bragging that he was to be the next Fuhrer.
He said, "Some have criticized your book as being neither literary criticism nor history.
but I liked to think of him at ninety swimming and working at Key West long after Hemingway had moved to Cuba.
Then I spoke at the ninetieth birthday party of W. E. Burghardt Du Bois, who embarked on a fictional trilogy at eighty-nine and who, with The Crisis, had created a Negro intelligentsia that had never existed in America before him.
However, at eighty-five, he had still been busy writing articles, reviewing and speaking, and I had never before known an Englishman who had visited and lectured in three quarters of the United States.
But put them before a situation which they are forced to depict", -- he was speaking of the Spanish civil war, -- "and they have no hesitation;
But none of this could soothe the exacerbated nerves.
Harcourt replied: "I do really hope you can achieve serenity in the course of time.
He was of unsettled mind as to whether he should go abroad when the Gantry galleys were finished.
On the evening that they were to sail, Lewis himself gave a party, but he was too indisposed to appear at it.
But his rancor did not cease, and presently, on March 13, when he preached a sermon on the text, "And Ben-hadad Was Drunk", he told his congregation how disappointed he was in Mr. Lewis, how he regretted having had him in his house, and how he should have been warned by the fact that the novelist was drunk all the time that he was working on the book.
One had it that a friend, protesting her snobbery, said, "But, Gracie, you are an American, aren't you"?
Finally, at dawn, he fell asleep, and when he awoke and came into the living room, he found Lewis in his pajamas before the fire, smoking a cigarette.
It was late, and Blackman was ready to go to sleep, but Lewis was not.
The second name was (Edward) Kempe, matriculated from Queens'College at Easter, 1625.
Christ's College was well represented that year in the ordo, and the name highest on the list from that college was Milton's, fourth in the entire university.
Looking back from the spring of 1629 over the four years of Milton's undergraduate days, certain phases of his college career stand out as of permanent consequence to him and hence to us.
Then we have surviving at least one instance of a poem prepared for another, in Naturam non Pati Senium, and perhaps also the De Idea Platonica.
The town itself and the "reedy Cam" he often visited, as did all in the university.
A quibusdam, audivi nuper Domina.
Milton was to act as the archfool, the supreme wit, the lightly bantering pater, Pater Liber, who could at once trip lightly over that which deserved such treatment, or could at will annihilate the common enemies of the college gathering, and with words alone.
But that scarcely means that he was the aloof, forbidding type of student who shared few if any activities with his fellows, the banter of the surviving prolusions providing enough evidence to deny this.
Under their rule, earth becomes a technological utopia.
James Blish's A Case Of Conscience (1958) describes a world hiding from its own weapons of destruction in underground shelters;
Since the great flood of these dystopias has appeared only in the last twelve years, it seems fairly reasonable to assume that the chief impetus was the 1949 publication of Nineteen Eighty-Four, an assumption which is supported by the frequent echoes of such details as Room 101, along with education by conditioning from Brave New World, a book to which science-fiction writers may well have returned with new interest after reading the more powerful Orwell dystopia.
For example, even the most successful executive lives in a two-room apartment while ordinary people rent space in the stairwells of office buildings in which to sleep at night;
Pohl and Kornbluth's ad men have long since thrown out appeals to reason and developed techniques of advertising which tie in with "every basic trauma and neurosis in American life", which work on the libido of consumers, which are linked to the "great prime motivations of the human spirit".
Indeed, again and again, the space merchants confirm the prediction of the humanists that the conditioners and behavioral scientists, once they have seen through human nature, will have nothing except their impulses and desires to guide them.
Youth may be, and often is, skeptical, cynical or despairing;
No good can come of contemplating the sad, inevitable fact that once youth has passed "a worse and worse time still succeeds the former".
Let me then (and in public) glance into the mirror.
To those of my readers who find many of my opinions morally, or politically, or sociologically antiquated (and I have reason to know that there are some such), I would like to say what I have already hinted, namely, that some of my opinions may indeed be subject to some discount on the simple ground that I am no longer young and therefore incapable of being youthful of mind.
The favorite excuse of those who have now recanted their approval of communism is that they did not know how things would develop.
It will probably explain more of my attitudes toward society than any other phrase or principle could.
"How on earth do you manage it?
Without really changing the general subject, I take this opportunity to confess that I am troubled by doubts, not only about pacifism, but also when asked to join in the protest against a law that most of those who consider themselves humane and liberal seem to regard as obviously barbarous;
For here if anywhere in contemporary literature is a major effort to counterbalance Existentialism and restore some of its former lustre to the tarnished image of the species Man, or, as Malraux himself puts it, "to make men conscious of the grandeur they ignore in themselves".
and it should be far better known than it is.
These lines never cease to haunt the book amidst all the exaltations of combat, and to make an appeal for a larger and more elemental human community than one based on the brutal necessities of war.
The narrator is an Alsatian serving with the French Army, and he has the same name (Berger) that Malraux himself was later to use in the Resistance;
A good many pages of the first section are taken up with an account of the dogged determination of the prisoners to write to their wives and families -- even when it becomes clear that the Germans are simply allowing the letters to blow away in the wind.
The men around him, observes the narrator, "have been living from day to day for thousands of years".
Vincent Berger's mission is a failure because the Ottoman nationalism on which Enver Pasha counted does not exist.
"For six years my father had had to do too much commanding and convincing," writes the narrator, "not to understand that man begins with'the other'".
Citing the advances of Communist power in recent years, Sir Anthony observed: "This very grave state of affairs will continue until the free nations accept together the reality of the danger that confronts them and unite their policies and resources to meet it".
Many factors contributed to the growth of the European movement.
In 1952, the European Coal and Steel Community was launched, placing the coal and steel production of France, West Germany, Italy and Benelux under a supranational High Authority.
The time is now ripe, indeed overdue, for the vigorous development of its non-military potentialities, for its development as an instrument of Atlantic community.
The existence of a community is a state of mind -- a conviction that goals and values are widely shared, that effective communication is possible, that mutual trust is reasonably assured.
The burden of these reflections is that a broader unity among the free nations is at the core of our needs.
Such proposals look to an apocalyptic act, a kind of Lockian "social contract" on a world-wide scale.
Our proper objective, then, is the development of a new spirit, the realization of a potential community.
Lawrence Ferlenghetti and Bruce Lippincott have concentrated on writing a new poetry for reading with jazz that is very closely related to both the musical forms of jazz, and the vocabulary of the musician.
) The stated goal of the CJS is the synthesis of jazz and "serious" music.
This salvation does not take the form of a Christian Heaven.
Beginning in Cloth Of The Tempest (1943) he experimented in merging poetry and visual art, using drawings to carry long narrative segments of a story, as in Sleepers Awake, and constructing elaborate "poems-in-drawing-and-type" in which it is impossible to distinguish between the "art" and the poetry.
In 1945, probably almost every American not only knew who Sam Spade was, but had some kind of emotional feeling about him.
The immense amount of interest that the new jazz had for the younger generation must have impressed him, and he began working toward the merger of jazz and poetry, as he had previously attempted the union of graphic art and poetry.
Seen by the public, the musician is the underdog par excellence.
This involves a shift in Patchen's attitude and it is a first step toward writing a new jazz poetry.
Angry because I was that very one somebody was supposed To be fighting for".
" Patchen is still the rebel, but he writes in a doleful, mournful tone.
He returned to New York to work for The New Yorker, to edit a Western pulp, to "duck the war in the OWI", to write publicity for Paramount Pictures and commentary for a newsreel, then he began his career as critic for various magazines.
they read widely and eclectically;
In his fulminating against the literary world, Krim is really struggling with the New Yorker in himself, but it's a losing battle.
We all love to suffer, but some of us love to suffer more than others.
"I had natural sock", he says,'as a storyteller and was precociously good at description, dialogue, and most of the other staples of the fiction-writer's trade but I was bugged by a mammoth complex of thoughts and feelings that prevented me from doing more than just diddling the surface of sustained fiction-writing".
" Partisan has failed, Krim says, for being "snob-clannish, overcerebral, Europeanish, aristocratically alienated" from the U.S.
The process of cosmopolitanism had begun in earnest about 1912, but the First War and the depression virtually stalled that process in its tracks.
But it did print good verse and good fiction.
the result was his inevitable bedazzlement through, ignorance.
The most appalling aspect of Krim's piece is his reflection of the beat aesthetic.
An Italian poet had noticed plainclothes policemen lounging around the area of Quirinal Palace, the first time since the war.
He was interested in Robert Musil's The Man Without Qualities.
He knew all about the appeal of a black shirt and jackboots to a poor, southern, peasant boy.
Around that statue in the green park where children play and lovers walk in twos and there is a glowing view of the whole city, in that park are the rows of marble busts of Garibaldi's fallen men, the ones who one day rushed out of the Porta San Pancrazio and, under fire all the way, up the long, straight narrow lane to take, then lose the high ground of the Villa Doria Pamphili.
It was the last time in history anybody could do something gloriously like that".
The whole thing, from the moment when they jumped heavily off the trucks, spread out and moved into position just behind the cover of that slight rise of ground and then jumped off, took maybe between twenty and thirty minutes.
The English lady really wanted to put a wreath on the Garibaldi monument on the 30th of April.
All that the English lady wanted to do was to walk up to the monument and lay a wreath at its base.
He was never heard of again.
Faced with a gesture like Di Bosis', I find usually that my sentiments are closer to those of my sculptor friend.
No airplanes, no Nathan Hale statements.
I said I would do it for her.
She gave me the names of some people who would surely help pay for the flowers and might even march up to the monument with me.
Economic information is made available to businessmen and economists promptly through the monthly Survey Of Current Business and its weekly supplement.
Through the SBA's Management Counseling Program, practical, personalized advice on sound management principles is available upon request to both prospective and established businessmen in a community.
and industrial uses for agricultural products.
Under this program, property sales specialists in the Small Business Administration regional offices help small business concerns to locate Federal property for sale and insure that small firms have the opportunity to bid competitively for surplus personal and real property and certain natural resources, including timber from the national forests.
These services include procurement and technical assistance and notice of surplus sales and invitations to bid on Government contracts for products and services within the registrants'field of operations.
Kansas City, Mo.;
Small Business Administration, What It Is, What It Does, SBA Services For Community Economic Development, and various other useful publications on currently important management, technical production, and marketing topics are available, on request, from Small Business Administration, Washington 25, D.C.
the purchase of equipment, facilities, machinery, supplies, or materials;
Credit requirements
For further information, contact SBA Regional Offices in Atlanta, Ga.;
New York, N.Y.;
To cooperatives
Eligibility
Requirements
The royalty applies to both principal and interest, but it never exceeds 5 percent.
it must express the nation's own will and goal.
.
1.
In establishing conditions of self-help, it is important that we not expect countries to remake themselves in our image.
(B) the reduction of dependence on external sources.
Some of the most dramatic successes of Communism in winning local support can be traced to the identification -- correct or not -- of Communist regimes with personal honesty and pro-Western regimes with corruption.
E.
How long it will take to show substantial success in this effort will vary greatly from country to country.
The whole program must be conceived of as an effort, stretching over a considerable number of years, to alter the basic social and economic conditions in the less developed world.
The capital expansion programs of business firms involve multi-year budgeting and the same is true of country development programs.
Moreover, once these steps are taken, they may require years to make themselves felt.
Then I have seen the pride of country well in the eyes of these young people.
There was no objection.
And, like many of you here present, I hold as the highlight of all, the occasion of my first meeting with the honorable Speaker of the House.
Remarks of Hon. Wayne L. Hays of Ohio
For Sam Rayburn never forgot Bonham, his home community, and he never forgot Texas.
This means much to the American tradition.
I have a distinct admiration for this man we honor today because of the humility with which he carries his greatness.
My sincere wish is that he continues to add to this record he sets here today.
In this role of father confessor, he has always been most characteristic and most helpful.
Unit prices to the state are considerably lower than to the general public because of quantity purchases and no payment of state sales or federal excise taxes.
Cars are traded mostly on a three-year basis in the interest of economy.
A survey of practices and/or policies in other states concerning assignment and use of state automobiles reveals several points for comparison with Rhode Island's practices.
Fixed monthly allowances are reimbursements for the same purpose except on a non-itemized basis.
Flat payments over $50 per month are more expensive to the state than the assignment of state-owned vehicles.
The Registry of Motor Vehicles indicates that at least one state automobile was registered as far back as 1917.
But it does show that automobiles have increased steadily over the years and in almost the same proportion to the increase of state employees.
Gasoline and automobile tires were rationed commodities.
One indication of the merits of the new management is found in the fact that during the period 1951-1956, while total annual mileage put on the vehicles increased 35%, the total maintenance cost increased only 11%.
It contracts with outside repair garages for much of the latter work.
Good facilities would be a decided help to pool operations and probably reduce vehicle costs even more.
The assignment and use of vehicles after purchase is another matter to be covered in detail later.
At the same time there has been an upgrading and expansion of municipal services as well.
Situs of property.
Obviously, it would be impossible to determine where every vehicle might be on the 31st day of December.
The Rhode Island Public Expenditure Council in its publication once commented: "
These opinions of the assessors are of significance in indicating what their thinking seems to be at the present time.
Of greater interest is a question as to whether movable property was assessed according to its location or ownership.
There was one vote for location being the place where the property is situated for the greater portion of the twelve months preceding the assessment date.
It has been estimated that the value of boats in Rhode Island waters is something in excess of fifty million dollars, excluding commercial boats.
a new post-World War 2, record.
Our Office of Foreign and Domestic Commerce carries on a vigorous program, directly aimed at solving and expediting the problems of manufacturers in the lower employment categories.
locating foreign agents, buyers, distributors, etc.;
The direct mail campaign consisted of 3 intra-state mailings of 1680 letters each and 6 out-of-state directed to electronics, plastics, pharmaceutical, and business machine manufacturers, and to publishers.
More than 25 carefully selected cities were visited, including New York, Brooklyn, Long Island City, Newark, Elizabeth, Stamford, Waterbury, New Haven, Bridgeport, Boston, Cambridge, Worcester, and Waltham.
Morning sessions included addresses by Ward Miller, Jr. of the U. S. Dept. of Commerce.
Additional promotional activities included organizing the dedication program for Operation Turnkey, the new automated post office, and a conference with representatives of Brown University, Providence College, and University of Rhode Island, and eight electronics concerns regarding the inauguration of a training program for electronics personnel.
Recognizing the truth of the statement by the Institute of Public Administration that "Metropolian Planning (in Rhode Island) means, or should mean, state planning", the state guide plan will take into account the metropolitan nature of many of Rhode Island's problems.
On the basis that all citizens of the state are entitled to benefit equally in the development of its resources, plans for the provision of essential services (such as water) will be based on need regardless of arbitrary political boundaries, within the framework of the state plan.
The work program, as it was originally proposed, was to take five years to complete.
The urban land use study carried out by the planning division staff has consisted of identifying and mapping all urban land uses which are of significance to statewide planning.
Unlike cities and towns, however, they do not have to submit any financial statements to the state Bureau of Audits.
In sixteen states, the fiscal year ending of the cities (June 30) is the same as that of the state: Alaska, Arizona, California, Delaware, Massachusetts, Montana, Nevada, New Mexico, North Carolina, North Dakota, Oklahoma, Oregon, Vermont, West Virginia, Wyoming, and Hawaii).
7.
2.
The uniform fiscal year eliminates interest charges on money borrowed in the form of tax anticipation notes.
In any event it is a form of borrowing which could be and should be rendered unnecessary.
Disadvantages.
This will be covered more fully later.
There are at least two problems to consider: one is a matter of adjusting the fiscal calendar;
Six cities and towns are presently on a July 1 to June 30 fiscal year and have coordinated their tax collection year with it.
Two cities to be considered, Providence and Cranston, are an enigma.
Varying adjustments.
Fortunately, such cases in Rhode Island are more the exception than the rule.
It commemorates the 185th anniversary of Rhode Island's Independence when, upon May 4, 1776, the General Assembly, by its action, established the first free republic in the New World.
Our investment in this effort, the greatest in our Nation's history, reflects our determination to ensure the peace and the future of freedom.
The President of the United States, pursuant to a Joint Resolution of Congress, has issued a proclamation each year since 1933 declaring May 22nd to be National Maritime Day.
The Miss Rhode Island Pageant is sponsored by the Rhode Island Junior Chamber of Commerce as a part of the nation-wide search for the typical American girl -- a Miss America from Rhode Island.
United Nations Day proclamation by John A. Notte, Jr., governor
The ballet originated in Italy about 1450.
Governor
We have only to compare the liberty and high standard of living we enjoy in this great country with the oppression and frugality of other nations to realize with humble gratitude that God's Providence has been with us since the very beginning of our country.
In view of the increasing shortage of usable surface and ground water in many parts of the Nation and the importance of finding new sources of supply to meet its present and future water needs, it is the policy of the Congress to provide for the development of practicable low-cost means for the large-scale production of water of a quality suitable for municipal, industrial, agricultural, and other beneficial consumptive uses from saline water, and for studies and research related thereto.
study methods for the recovery and marketing of commercially valuable byproducts resulting from the conversion of saline water;
(D)
(I)
(B)
The Secretary shall make reports to the President and the Congress at the beginning of each regular session of the action taken or instituted by him under the provisions of this Act and of prospective action during the ensuing year.
The authority of the Secretary of the Interior under this joint resolution to construct, operate, and maintain demonstration plants shall terminate upon the expiration of twelve years after the date on which this joint resolution is approved.
right-of-entry only and (B)
The Secretary of the Interior or any duly authorized representative shall be entitled to admission to, and to require reports from the operator of, any metal or nonmetallic mine which is in a State (excluding any coal or lignite mine), the products of which regularly enter commerce or the operations of which substantially affect commerce, for the purpose of gathering data and information necessary for the study authorized in the first section of this Act.
Sec. 2.
the maximum amount of such payments which may be made on account of such sales made during the calendar year 1963 shall not exceed $4,500,000;
From 1 July 1960 through 31 January 1961, six courses were conducted: Workshop in Resident Training in Pathology, Pathology of Diseases of Laboratory Animals, Application of Histochemistry of Pathology, Orthopedic Pathology, Forensic Sciences Symposium, and Forensic Pathology.
neuropathology of nuclear and cosmic radiation;
and the study of structural changes in M. leprae and other mycobacteria.
3.
Fifty lantern slide teaching sets on the subject of "Emergency War Surgery (NATO)" were assembled and distributed to the Medical Military Services of foreign Governments associated with NATO and South-East Asia Treaty Organization.
This consists of 25 individual registries, two of which were added during fiscal years 1959-1960 (The Registry Of Forensic Pathology and The Testicular Tumor Registry).
During this period, 7,827 teaching sets were distributed on loan.
A three-dimensional exhibit depicting "A Century Of Naval Medicine" was formally presented to The Director by George S. Squibb, great-grandson of the founder of E. R. Squibb and Sons, for permanent display in the Museum.
The Armed Forces Medical Publication Agency, established in 1949, has published, since January 1950, The United States Armed Forces Medical Journal as a triservice publication to furnish material of professional interest to Medical Department officers of the three military services.
This resulted in an improved appearance, but was followed by an increase in printing cost that necessitated the institution of major economies to keep within the total of allocated funds.
Another recent achievement was the successful development of a method for the complete combustion in a bomb calorimeter of a metal in fluorine when the product is relatively non-volatile.
A high-speed shutter has been developed in order to permit photographic observation of any portion of the electrical wire explosion.
The detection and study of such line spectra would add considerably to present information on interstellar gas clouds and, perhaps, planetary atmospheres.
The first diatomic hydride investigated by the paramagnetic resonance method was the OH radical.
An acoustical interferometer has been constructed and used, with helium gas as the thermometric fluid, to measure temperatures near 4.2 and 2.1 Af.
Vapor pressure method.
Precise pressure-volume-temperature measurements on corrosive gases are dependent on a sensitive yet rugged pressure transducer.
Another effect discovered is the large coefficient of thermal diffusion tending to separate nitrogen from the oxygen when temperature differences straddling the nitrogen dissociation region are present.
The Bureau contributed to the planning and success of the Symposium through the efforts of Mr. W. A. Wildhack, General Chairman, and Dr. C. M. Herzfeld, Program Chairman.
An exhaustive survey was made of the literature, and a primary reference file of approximately 600 references was catalogued.
New computer and automation techniques were applied to these spectra with considerable success.
(G)
(J)
Subject to the limitations hereinafter provided, the Secretary of the Treasury is authorized and directed to pay, as prescribed by Section 8 of this Title, an amount not exceeding the principal of each award, plus accrued interests on such awards as bear interest, certified pursuant to Section 5 of this Title, in accordance with the award.
(3)
(F)
the Yugoslav Claims Fund the sum of $17,000,000 being the amount paid by the Government of the Federal People's Republic of Yugoslavia pursuant to the Yugoslav Claims Agreement of 1948;
(4)
Mr. Dooley.
At this time of crisis in our Nation's commuter railroads, a new threat to the continued operations of the New York Central has appeared in the form of the Chesapeake & Ohio Railroad's proposal for control of the Baltimore & Ohio railroads.
"
Obviously, the Interstate Commerce Commission will not force the New York Central to further curtail its commuter operations by giving undue competitive advantages to the lines that wish to merge.
Mr. Sulzberger's successor as publisher is Mr. Orvil E. Dryfoos, who is president of the New York Times Co., and who has been with the Times since 1942.
Under leave to extend my remarks, I include the relevant portion of my newsletter, together with the text of the article from the U.S. News & World Report: "your Congressman, Samuel S. Stratton, reports from Washington, May 1, 1961
There is a new atmosphere of urgency in Washington this week.
next for Cuba: an arms blockade?
Blockade, in the view of military and civilian experts, could restore teeth to the Monroe Doctrine.
To round out the blockading force, submarines would be needed -- to locate, identify and track approaching vessels.
What could a blockade accomplish?
Up to this time and for the next eight years, the services provided disabled persons consisted mainly of training, counseling, and placement on a job.
The 1954 Amendments completely changed the financing of the vocational rehabilitation program, providing for a three-part grant structure -- for (1) basic support;
It stipulates, in addition, that all amounts remaining as a result of imposing the "ceiling", and not used for insuring the "floor", be redistributed to those States still below their maximums.
) 2.
By law this is 75% for the Virgin Islands, Guam and Puerto Rico.
(See Source of Data, below for population data to be used in this step.
) 11.
The funds recouped by reductions in item 12 above are used: first, to increase the unadjusted allotments to the specified minimum in those States where the unadjusted allotment is less than the minimum allotment (item 13 above);
The percentage of Federal participation in such costs for any State is referred to in the law as that State's "Federal share".
The following steps are employed in the calculations: 1.
Determine for each State (except the Virgin Islands, Guam, Puerto Rico, and, prior to 1962, Alaska and Hawaii), that percentage which bears the same ration to 40% as the particular State's average per capita income bears to the average per capita income of the United States.
At the entrance side of the shelter, each roof beam is rested on the inside 4 inches of the block wall.
Work on the roof continues in this way.
If they are used, the walls and roof should be 10 inches thick to give the same protection as the 8-inch solid concrete blocks.
Two walls of concrete blocks are constructed at least 20 inches apart.
Pre-shaped corrugated metal sections or pre-cast concrete can be used for shelters either above or below ground.
Underground concrete shelter
Arrangement of the entrance.
The rest continues in a straight line.
Lighting is an important consideration.
In these shelters the entrance should be not more than 2 feet wide.
Radiation instruments suitable for home use are available, and would be of value in locating that portion of the home which offers the best protection against fallout radiation.
Families with children will have particular problems.
There will come a time in a basement shelter when the radiation has decayed enough to allow use of the whole basement.
A portable electric heater is advisable for shelters in cold climates.
Few areas, if any, are as good as prepared shelters but they are worth knowing about.
In general, such apartments afford more protection than smaller buildings because their walls are thick and there is more space.
Competitors came to receive higher percentage of General Motors business in later years, but it is "likely" that this trend stemmed "at least in part" from the needs of General Motors outstripping Du Pont's capacity.
However, this Court put to one side without consideration the Government's appeal from the dismissal of its Sherman Act allegations.
Indeed, as already noted, the Court proceeded on the assumption that the executives involved in the dealings between Du Pont and General Motors acted "honorably and fairly" and exercised their business judgment only to serve what they deemed the best interests of their own companies.
The sole guidance given the Court for discharging the task committed to it was this: "
Du Pont, he said, had proposed disenfranchisement of its General Motors stock along with other restrictions on the Du Pont - General Motors relationship.
If, in the trustee's judgment, "reasonable market conditions" did not prevail during any given year, he was to be allowed to petition the court for an extension of time within the ten-year period.
The forced sale of the General Motors stock owned by or allocable to Christiana, Delaware, and the stockholders of Delaware, and deposited with the trustee, would result in a tax to those parties at the capital gains rate.
and that all this would have a serious adverse effect on the entire stock market and on general business activity.
The Court's opinion dogmatically asserts that the husband-wife conspiracy doctrine does not in fact protect this relationship, and that hence the doctrine "enthrones an unreality into a rule of law".
(A)
Daniel M. Friedman argued the cause for the United States.
We granted certiorari in view of the importance of the questions in the administration of the Act.
Thereafter he was classified 1-o.
It reported that he now devoted only some 6-1/2 hours per month to public preaching and from 20 to 25 hours per month to church activities.
Apparently he never took the trouble to find out.
348 U. S., at 412-413.
Moreover, the hearing officer's report is but intradepartmental, is directed to the Attorney General and, of course, is not the recommendation of the Department.
Moreover, his testimony at trial never developed any such facts.
The recommendation of the Department -- as well as the decision of the appeal board -- was based entirely on the local board file, not on an FBI report.
Assistant Secretaries of State will now carry an increased burden of active formulation and coordination of policies.
I also hope that we can do something about reducing the infant mortality rate of ideas -- an affliction of all bureaucracies.
Sometimes those who know about them are too far down the line to be able to do anything about them.
This means practically everybody in this room.
He is already beginning to box the compass of alternative lines of action, including doing nothing.
Which American ambassadors could provide helpful advice?
Respect for the opinions of mankind
If we sit here reading editorials and looking at public-opinion polls and other reports that cross our desks, we should realize that this is raw, undigested opinion expressed in the absence of leadership.
Peace Corps volunteers obviously should not be paid what they might earn in comparable activities in the United States.
For readjustment to the U.S., volunteers should be given some separation allowance at the end of their overseas service, based on the length of time served.
In this way the Peace Corps can be launched with its own identity and spirit and yet receive the necessary assistance from those now responsible for United States foreign policy and our overseas operations.
What would the first projects be?
But there are indications that many developing nations will welcome Peace Corps volunteers, and that if the volunteers are well chosen, they will soon demonstrate their value and make many friends.
How will it be financed?
Is it worth the cost and the risks?
And this is meeting the world's need, too, since what the world most needs from this country is better understanding of the world.
Throughout the world the people of the newly developing nations are struggling for economic and social progress which reflects their deepest desires.
Hunter and fisherman visits since 1949 have increased 8 times faster than the nationwide sale of hunting and fishing licenses.
Develop wildlife openings, food patches, and game ways in dense vegetation by clearing or controlled burning on 400,000 acres.
The long-range objective is to hold the damage from destructive agencies below the level which would seriously interfere with intensive management of the National Forest System under principles of multiple use and high-level sustained yield of products and services.
The initial suppression activities would cover about twice the acreage currently being treated.
This will include 125 million acres compared with 23 million acres now receiving such protection.
This work will cover the most serious one-fourth of all land needing such treatment, and will consist of burning 250,000 acres of highly hazardous debris concentration, felling snags on 350,000 acres of high lightning-occurrence areas, prescribed burning on 3.5 million acres, removing roadside fuel on 39,000 acres, and clearing and maintaining 11,000 miles of firebreaks.
In the forest highway system, there are now 24,400 miles of public roads.
The presence or lack of access by road or trail has a direct and controlling influence on all phases of forest management and utilization such as: (A)
The existence of road systems permits an intensity of management and use for all National Forest purposes that is not otherwise possible.
This constitutes about 17 percent of the long-range requirements for these facilities.
Some privately held inholdings are a source of direct damage to these Federal lands.
The forces to be supported include an Army of 14 divisions and 870,000 men;
I strongly recommend to the Congress the avoidance of mandatory floors on the size of the reserve components so that we may have the flexibility to make adjustments in keeping with military necessity.
I endorse pending legislation that will restore the traditional relationship between retired and active duty pay rates.
This section prevents the military departments and the Office of Civil and Defense Mobilization from carrying out certain transactions involving real property unless they come into agreement with the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Representatives.
Expenditures for shipbuilding are estimated at about the same level as in 1960.
Furthermore, unexpectedly rapid progress or a technological break-through on any one weapon system, in itself, often diminishes the relative importance of other competitive systems.
The impact of technological factors is also illustrated by the history of the high-energy fuel program.
The Strategic Air Command is the principal element of our long-range nuclear capability.
I am recommending additional acquisitions of the improved version of the B-52 (the B-52H with the new turbofan engine) and procurement of the B-58 supersonic medium bomber, together with the supporting refueling tankers in each case.
4.
For loan to the Government of India under subsection (G) of Section 104 of the Act, the rupee equivalent of not more than $538 million for financing such projects to promote balanced economic development as may be mutually agreed.
2.
In witness whereof, the respective representatives, duly authorized for the purpose, have signed the present Agreement.
The Government of the United States of America may utilize rupees in India to pay for goods and services, including international transportation needed in connection with market development and other agricultural projects and activities in India and other countries.
Upon receipt of an application which the Export-Import Bank is prepared to consider, the Export-Import Bank will inform the Department of Economic Affairs of the identity of the applicant, the nature of the proposed business, the amount of the proposed loan, and the general purposes for which the loan proceeds would be expended.
Agriculture;
4.
The present proceeding is concerned with the standard broadcast (AM) band, from 540 kc. to 1600 kc.
A second fundamental principle is that involved particularly in the present proceeding -- the difference between nighttime and daytime propagation conditions with respect to the standard broadcast frequencies.
However, in this case as elsewhere it was necessary to arrive at a single standard to be applied to all situations, representing an averaging of conditions, and thus to fix particular points in time which would be considered the dividing points between daytime and nighttime conditions.
6.
Accordingly, the Commission has recognized that an optimum allocation pattern for one frequency does not necessarily represent the best pattern for other frequencies, and has assigned different frequencies for use by different classes of stations.
With respect to other frequencies, these are designated as regional or local, and assigned for use by class 3, and class 4, stations, respectively, stations operating generally with lower power.
Similarly, on the regional channels many class 3, stations have been assigned either to operate daytime only or to operate nighttime with directional antennas and/or lower power.
The same is true if you have itemized your deductions and later decide you should have used the Standard Deduction or Tax Table.
If you were required to file a declaration of estimated tax for the calendar year 1961, it is not necessary to pay the fourth installment otherwise due on January 15, 1962, if you file your income tax return Form 1040, and pay your tax in full for the calendar year 1961 by January 31, 1962.
If A taxpayer dies, the executor, administrator, or legal representative must file the final return for the decedent on or before the 15th day of the 4th month following the close of the deceased taxpayer's normal tax year.
Your application must include the following information: (1) your reasons for requesting an extension, (2) whether you filed timely income tax returns for the 3 preceding years, and (3) whether you were required to file an estimated return for the year, and if so whether you did file and have paid the estimated tax payments on or before the due dates.
Taxpayers residing or traveling in Alaska are also allowed this extension of time for filing, but those residing or traveling in Hawaii are not allowed this automatic extension.
This bill should be paid within 30 days.
Refunds of less than $1 will not be made unless you attach a separate application to your return requesting such a refund.
Other deductions are subtracted only from Adjusted Gross Income in arriving at Taxable Income.
(See Chapter 10.
(See Chapter 9.
Certain other deductions are not allowed in determining Adjusted Gross Income.
Exemption also allowed parent.
Generally, the refund may be obtained by filing Form 1040A accompanied by the withholding statement (Form W-2).
They are chosen by the Foundation's Board of Trustees on the bases of their own first-rate accomplishments in their different fields of scholarship and the arts.
and quality of advice, added to devotion to the Foundation's purposes and ideals, we do get from our Advisory Board in measures so full that they can be appreciated only by those of us who work here every day.
and he has served our country well as a scientific statesman on international commissions.
But even he will not last indefinitely and the above-noted new arrangements are, quite simply, made to assure qualitative continuity in the Foundation's policies and practices.
Keats's words -- in the days of the Spanish Armada's threats;
These were educated men, who, as Mr. Justice Holmes was fond of saying, formed their inductions out of experience under the burden of responsibility.
The essence of contract is that one is free to make a choice of what one will or will not do.
As heretofore, our Fellowships are available to assist research in all fields of knowledge and creative effort in all the arts.
At the age of 17 he became an apprentice machinist at the shop of Walcott & Harris in Valley Falls, Rhode Island, and following two or three other jobs in quick succession after graduation, he went into business for himself in 1831, making lathes and small tools.
The young apprentice apparently did well by Mr. Brown, for in the third year of his apprenticeship Lucian was offered a full partnership in the firm;
As the story goes, Mr. Gibbs, who originally came from the back counties of the Commonwealth of Virginia, saw an illustration in a magazine of the famous Howe sewing machine.
The child of this problem was Mr. Brown's famous Serial No. 1 Universal Milling Machine, the archtype from which is descended today's universal knee-type milling machine used throughout the world.
The final achievement of Mr. Brown's long and interesting mechanical career runs a close second in importance to his development of the universal milling machine.
Also important on the Brown & Sharpe scene, at the turn of the century, was Mr. Richmond Viall, Works Superintendent of the company from 1876 to 1910.
In 1951, Henry D. Sharpe, Jr. succeeded his father and continued the company's development as a major factor in the metal-working equipment business.
In spite of the fact that our largest market, the textile industry, was affected substantially by the current decline in business activity, we have been able to produce and deliver our machines throughout the year 1960 at a rate materially higher than during 1959.
Such policy involves continuing effort to improve on existing mill equipment, in terms of efficiency and versatility.
This machine, operating at speeds up to 350,000 revolutions per minute, is believed to provide one of the fastest mechanical operations in industry today.
This machine was demonstrated in two textile machinery exhibitions last year and was well received by the industry.
It is equipped with electronic controls that can be set to hold precise tension and speed.
In addition to its major effort on fuel cells, Patterson Moos Research Division is continuing to carry on research in other fields, both under contract for the Defense Department, other government agencies and for our own account.
Our plan is to keep abreast of these advances, and select for development those fields which seem most promising for our special capabilities.
We have entered into an agreement for the sale of the present Cranston properties, effective as soon as we have completed removal to our new plant.
We will then occupy the new plant under lease, with an option to purchase.
In addition, Blue Cross coverage for all employees and their dependents was extended to provide the full cost of semi-private hospital accommodations.
As a designer and manufacturer of textile production machinery, Leesona and other companies in its industry have sought to meet this challenge with new or improved equipment and methods that would increase production, yet maintain both quality and flexibility.
All students are invited to participate in any of the musical organizations for which they qualify.
Carleton aims throughout its entire teaching program to represent a point of view and a spirit which will contribute to the moral and religious development of its students.
Attendance at the Chapel Service is voluntary.
the purpose of producing plays at the College is three-fold: to provide the Carleton students with the best possible opportunity for theater-going within the limits set by the maturity and experience of the performers and the theatrical facilities available;
The group meets once a week in the Boliou Student Workshop.
The approval of athletic schedules 4.
This is done by encouraging the entire male student body to participate in either the intercollegiate or intramural sports program and by sponsoring the Carleton cheerleaders.
Active groups sponsored by the organization include the Saddle Club, Orchesis, Golf Club, Tennis Club, and Dolphins.
in addition to the miscellaneous pamphlets and other printed matter which it issues, the College maintains regular publications, as follows:
In January, 1960, the first issue of The Carleton Miscellany, a quarterly literary magazine, was published by the College.
The Algol serves as a record of campus organizations and student activities during the year.
Student government
The total value of our industry's shipments, at factory prices, increased from $9.2 billion in 1959 to approximately $10.1 billion as a result of increases in all of the major segments of our business -- home entertainment, military, industrial, and replacement.
sales and production of home sets were about equal at 10.4 million units.
It has been correctly pointed out by well-informed people in the industry that it is probably unrealistic to expect a continuation of the yearly growth of 15% or better that characterized the decade of the 1950's, and that our military markets may be entering upon a new phase in which procurement of multiple weapons systems will give way to concentration of still undeveloped areas of our defense capability.
Paced by the continuing rapid growth of electronic data processing, sales of industrial and commercial electronic equipment totalled $1.8 billion compared to $1.6 billion in 1959.
Demand for parts for home entertainment was strong in the first half, but purchases were cut back to lower levels during the fall as set manufacturers reduced their own operating rates.
Mr. Devey will be responsible for the commercial expansion of VecTrol's line of electronic and electrical power control components as furnished to end equipment manufacturers, working closely with Walter J. Brown, President and Director of Engineering of the recently acquired Sprague subsidiary.
director of engineering at Philco of Great Britain, Ltd., and vice president in charge of production and assistant to the president at The Brush Development Co., Cleveland, Ohio.
The faculty believes that broad autonomy is necessary to preserve its freedom in teaching and scholarship.
He can, for example, present significant university-wide issues to the senate.
The president has little influence in day-by-day curricular changes, but if he looks ahead two, three, or five years to anticipate issues and throw out challenging ideas, he can open the way for innovation, and he can also have a great deal to say as to what path it will take.
The quality of a president's leadership is measured first by his success in building up the faculty.
They can be effective, however, if their members set high standards for candidates and devote substantial time to the work.
On those rare occasions when a faculty member on tenure is not meeting the standards of the institution, the president must also bear the ultimate burden of decision and action.
Proposed new programs can be examined for appropriateness to goals and for present and future financial fitness.
A plan must therefore be brought up to date periodically, possibly with the assistance of a permanent planning officer.
He reviews and shapes the work of others to mold a single joint product that will best promote the aims of the institution.
Just as the entire faculty should know the president's educational philosophy and objectives, so should non-academic officers.
When sufficiently accurate and complete measurements are available, it will be possible to set limits on the thermal and electrical characteristics of the surface and subsurface materials of the moon.
In spite of this, the very large radio reflectors and improved amplifying techniques which are now becoming available should make it possible to observe the radio emission of most of the planets in a few years.
This sporadic type of planetary radiation is discussed by Burke (chap. 13) and Gallet (chap. 14).
Recent interferometer measurements (Radhakrishnan and Roberts, 1960) have shown the 960-mc emission of Jupiter to be partially polarized and to originate in a region of larger diameter than the visible disk.
2.
These contour diagrams also suggest a rather rapid falloff in the radio brightness with latitude.
The result of the observations is Af where the phase angle, Q, is measured in degrees from new moon and the probable errors include absolute as well as relative errors.
It was shown that by proper anode design the net energy loss of the arc to the anode could be reduced to approximately 15% of the total arc energy.
The higher heat transfer rates at the anode compared with those at the cathode can be explained by the physical phenomena occurring in free burning arcs.
Hence, the flow conditions at the anode of free burning arcs resemble those near a stagnation point.
Feedback of the energy transferred to the anode by applying gas transpiration through the anode.
Thus, direct comparisons can be drawn with free burning arcs which have been studied in detail during the past years and decades by numerous investigators (Ref. 3).
The graphite was National Carbon NC 60, which has a porosity of 50% and an average pore size of 30.
In this design the anode holder is water cooled and the heat losses by conduction from the anode were determined by measuring the temperature rise of the coolant.
A high frequency starter was used to start the arc.
This region which had a higher temperature than the rest of the anode surface changed size and location continuously.
Assuming thermal equilibrium between the anode surface and the transpiring argon, the gas enthalpy rise through the anode was calculated according to the relation Af whereby the specific heat of argon was taken as Af.
It is sufficiently small compared with the surface temperature of the anode holder, to make the energy flux radiated from the environment toward the anode holder negligible within the accuracy of the present measurements.
There is a small well in the top in which the fluid or paste to be tested is placed.
Although there were only four fluids tested, it was apparent that there were two distinct types.
The maximum suction was 3.25" of test fluid measured from the top of the block, and steady states were apparently reached with these fluids.
If the volume is the molal volume, then Af is obtained on a molal basis which is the customary terminology of the chemists.
The relation between osmotic pressure and the Gibbs function may also be developed in an analogous way.
There is another means which should show the direction and relative value of the stresses in viscoelastic fluids that is not mentioned as such in the literature, and that is the shape of the suspended drops of low viscosity fluids in shear fields.
(C) The kinetic effects are negligible.
If it is assumed that the formula given by Lodge of cosec Af applies, the pressure difference along the major axes can be calculated from the angle of inclination of the major axis, and from this the interfacial tension can be calculated.
Note that though the ideal gas itself contains no additional energy, the compressed gas does exert an increased pressure.
The paramagnetic dipole effects provide some information on the particle shapes.
Af bond in Af
There is, then, the possibility that this Af bond is symmetric, although Douglass was unable to determine its symmetry from his x-ray data.
The Af layers are stacked normal to the (111) axis with the lower oxygens of one layer directly above the upper oxygens of the neighboring lower layer, in such a manner that the repeat is every three layers.
If the Af bond is linear then there are three reasonable positions for the hydrogen atoms: (1) The hydrogen atoms are centered and hence all lie on a sheet midway between the oxygen sheets;
This material proved to be unsatisfactory, since we could not obtain reproducible results on various portions of the sample.
Mass spectrometric analysis of gases evolved upon heating to 410-degrees-C indicated nitrogen oxides and water vapor.
An infrared spectrum, obtained by H. A. Benesi and R. G. Snyder of this laboratory, showed bands in the positions found by Jones.
A modulation frequency of 40 cps with an amplitude as small as possible, commensurate with reasonably good signal-to-noise quality, was used.
Corrections were applied for modulation broadening, apparatus background, and field shift.
The top of the sample was nearly flat and the bottom hemispherical.
light-duty synthetic detergents with much less builder;
Wet cleaning involves an aqueous medium, a solid substrate, soil to be removed, and the detergent or surface-active material.
A good formulation will keep the clothes clean and white after many washings;
The problems of hard-surface cleaning are not nearly as complex.
2.
Likewise, a charged particle will tend to stick to an uncharged surface and vice versa, and a charged particle will be very strongly attracted to a surface exhibiting an opposite charge.
The other constituents in a built detergent assist in this and in the removal of dirty stains and the hydrophilic sticky or dried soils.
In the cleaning process, sorbed greasy soils become coated in this manner with an oriented film of surfactant.
This hypothesis is evolved in analogy to the demonstrated action of organic actives in detergency.
The thermal exchange of chlorine between Af and liquid Af is readily measurable at temperatures in the range of 180-degrees and above.
It should be possible to prepare very pure chlorine by oxidation of inorganic chlorides on a vacuum system followed by multiple distillation of the liquid.
The purified product was stored at -78-degrees in a tube equipped with a break seal.
The required amount of carbon tetrachloride was distilled into a series of reaction cells on a manifold on a vacuum line.
These cells were used rather than square Pyrex tubing because of the tendency of the latter to shatter when thawing frozen carbon tetrachloride.
The fraction of exchange was determined as the ratio of the counts / minute observed in the carbon tetrachloride to the counts / minute calculated for the carbon tetrachloride fractions for equilibrium distribution of the activity between the chlorine and carbon tetrachloride, empirically determined correction being made for the difference in counting efficiency of Af in Af and Af.
In most cases the chlorine concentration was about Af.
It was possible to make estimates of the quantum yield by observing the extent of reduction of a uranyl oxalate actinometer solution illuminated for a known time in a typical reaction cell and making appropriate conversions based on the differences in the absorption spectra of uranyl oxalate and of chlorine, and considering the spectral distribution of the light source.
Direct proportionality of the rate to the incident intensity has also been assumed in obtaining the value in the last column for the fourth sample of series 2, where the light intensity was reduced by use of a screen.
De Jager (1955) has calculated the times required for these particles to reach the atmosphere under the influence of the Poynting-Robertson effect, which in this case causes the orbits to become more and more eccentric without changing the semi-major axis.
This large discrepancy demonstrates the inadequacies of the experimental methods and the lack of understanding of the various phenomena involved.
The direct evidence on the micrometeorite environment near the Earth is obtained from piezoelectric sensors (essentially microphones) and from wire gages;
There have been contradictory reports from 1958 Delta 2, and the data quoted here are believed to be the more reliable.
Space probes have yielded little information.
They quote about the same mass threshold as that of the U.S. apparatus, but a momentum threshold about 40 times greater.
The flux of micrometeorites in the neighborhood of the Earth can be estimated by extrapolation from radar and visual meteor data.
these figures constitute the best estimate for the flux in interplanetary space near the Earth.
At the fifteenth magnitude, Af, and at the twenty-fifth magnitude, Af.
For all meteorites, the average nickel content is about 2.5 per cent.
A man can be an effective fighting machine throughout the incubation period of most infectious diseases.
The natural anatomical and physiological defensive features of the upper respiratory tract, such as the turbinates of the nose and the cilia of the trachea and larger bronchi, are capable of impinging out the larger particles to which we are ordinarily exposed in our daily existence.
There are, of course, certain times during the 24-hour daily cycle when most of these conditions will be met.
This material fluoresces under ultraviolet light which facilitates its sampling and assessment.
The spraying operation was conducted from the rear deck of a small Naval vessel, cruising two miles off-shore and vertical to an on-sure breeze.
As can be seen from Figure 2, an extensive area was covered by this aerosol.
In some instances a different clinical disease picture may result from this route of exposure, making diagnosis difficult.
It must be remembered, however, that there are many agents for which there is no solid immunity and a partial or low-grade immunity may be broken by an appropriate dose of agent.
Only a limited effort has been devoted to this problem.
Lousiness is a prerequisite for epidemic typhus.
A few obvious target areas of great importance might be mentioned.
Speer and coworkers, in a similar study of blood group antibodies of whole sera, used a series of gradients for elution from Aj.
In addition one serum was obtained from a donor (R. E.) who had been sensitized 6 years previously.
For the albumin method, equal volumes of 30% bovine albumin, sample and 2% cells suspended in saline were allowed to stand at room temperature for 1 hr and then were centrifuged at 1000 rpm for 1 Aj.
The red cells for the Rh antibody tests were used within 3 days after drawing except for the Af cells, which had been glycerolized and stored at -20-degrees-C for approximately 1 year.
The chromatography was done at 6-degrees-C using gradient elution, essentially according to Sober and Peterson.
During the latter procedure the temperature was maintained at 2-degrees-C by surrounding the apparatus with ice.
They were then centrifuged at 59,780 Pm for 35 to 80 min at 20-degrees-C in a Spinco model E ultracentrifuge at a protein concentration of 1.00 to 1.25%.
When the early part of the gradient was flattened, either by using the gradient shown in Fig. 2 or by allowing the "cone-sphere" gradient to become established more slowly, Region 2 activity could sometimes be separated into two areas (donors P. J. and R. S., Fig. 1 and E. M., Fig. 2).
As expected, most of the activity was found in Fraction Af, with slight activity seen in Fraction 4-1.
In fact agglutination of Af cells in saline could be produced by the insoluble material from sera containing "only" incomplete antibody activity.
Now the thing for us to do is to find ourselves a couple of those wonderful flowering currants such as the red Ribes sanguineum of our Pacific Northwest, or otherwise a good sloe tree, or perhaps some nice pussy willow in bloom, preferably one with male or staminate catkins.
I will deal with these later on.
Once she has made up her mind, the queen starts out by constructing, in her chosen abode, a small "floor" of dried grass or some woolly material.
The first worker bees do not mate or lay eggs;
The nest itself, the structure that in some cases housed about 2,000 individuals when the season was at its peak, is now rapidly destroyed by the scavenging larvae of certain beetles and moths.
Later on, they and the mother Psithyrus are fed by the Bombus workers.
After having mated, an Andrena female digs a hole straight down into the ground, forming a burrow about the size of a lead pencil.
After all, social life in the group of the bees is by no means general, although it certainly is a striking feature.
In most places, there are two generations a year, a second brood of adults appearing late in the summer.
Many other (probably nearly all) snakes at maturity are already more than half their final length.
For four of the six (the anaconda and the amethystine python cannot be included for lack of data) there is also a correlation between size at maturity and maximum length, the boa constrictor being the smallest and the Indian python the next in size at the former stage.
Until better records have been kept over longer periods of time and much more is known about the maximum dimensions, it will be wise to refrain from drawing conclusions.
red-bellied snake (Storeria), two years;
In spite of all the pitfalls, there is a certain amount of agreement on some of the giants.
the mere piling up of testimony does not prove, to the scientific mind, the existence of hoop snakes, joint snakes, or ghosts.
rate of growth both before and after this crucial stage;
William Beebe reports 26 inches and 2.4 ounces (this snake must have been emaciated) for the length and the weight of a young anaconda from British Guiana.
The most convincing recent measurement of an anaconda was made in eastern Colombia by Roberto Lamon, a petroleum geologist of the Richmond Oil Company, and reported in 1944 by Emmett R. Dunn.
The range is from 14 to 25 inches;
unfortunately, no one has kept complete records of one individual, whereas many have been made for a very short period of time.
It is characterized by the presence of incompletely developed secondary lobules;
As in type 1, it provides arterial blood to the interlobular septa, and an extremely rich anastomotic pleural supply is seen (figs. 9, 10).
Also three other direct pathways of alveolar bronchial arterial supply were noted: via the pleura;
probably occur in the horse much as in the human being;
In 1951, this was reaffirmed by Cudkowicz.
If this be true, the possibility exists that an occlusive lesion of the bronchial arteries might cause widespread degeneration of supportive tissue similar to that seen in generalized emphysema.
This viewpoint is further supported by Verloop's ('48) demonstration of thickened bronchial artery and arteriolar muscular coats which are capable of acting as valves.
In conclusion, these findings suggest the need for a comparative physiology, pathology, and histology of mammalian lungs.
type 3, by the horse.
Well developed respiratory bronchioles, on the other hand, appear to be the only form taken by the distal airways in type 2.
Third, the process of calcification is seen to begin later and to continue much longer for these boys than for the girls, a fact which confirms data for other groups of children.
First, the upper portion requires series of films for every child, consisting of those from Hand, Elbow, Shoulder, Knee, and Foot.
Accordingly, maturity level ratings by means of the upper portion and lower portion of the Chart, respectively, should be somewhat similar since Skeletal Age assessments are dependent upon Onsets during infancy and upon Completions during adolescence.
The "dot" on one end of each arrow indicates extent of difference in months between the child's onset age and the corresponding mean age for the growth center.
Thus, the Span of its ossification was shortened and the center's ability to "catch up" in ossification is demonstrated.
Its Completion thus becomes one of the convenient maturity indicators to include in studies of growth, dietary patterns, and health during adolescence.
Accordingly, if epiphyseal-diaphyseal fusion occurs in this phalanx near menarche, early and late menarches might have been forecast rather precisely at the time of Onset of ossification for the 18 girls with "same schedule".
Interestingly enough, the effect of the digitalis glycosides is inhibited by a high concentration of potassium in the incubation medium and is enhanced by the absence of potassium (Wolff, 1960).
This iodoprotein does not appear to be the same as what is normally present in the thyroid, and there is no evidence so far that thyroglobulin can be iodinated in vitro by cell-free systems.
The chemical nature of the iodocompounds is discussed below (pp. 76 et seq.).
Since the circulating thyroid hormones are the amino acids thyroxine and tri-iodothyronine (cf. Section C), it is clear that some mechanism must exist in the thyroid gland for their release from proteins before secretion.
It is assumed that the iodine released from the iodotyrosines remains in the iodide pool of the thyroid, where it is oxidised and re-incorporated into thyroglobulin.
The other group of antithyroid agents or drugs is typified by thiouracil.
It is presumed to occur in other members of the Brassica family.
Further, the gland is able to re-use a larger fraction of the thyroid hormone de-iodinated peripherally.
Here we shall restrict discussion to those methods that appear sufficiently sensitive and precise for determining the concentration of TSH in blood.
Developments up to about 1957 have been discussed by Sonenberg (1958).
In evaluating data on the concentration of TSH in blood, one must examine critically the bio-assay methods used to obtain them.
Although biopsies have shown structural changes in some of the reported cases of steroid-induced weakness, this case provides the only example known to us in which necropsy afforded the opportunity for extensive study of multiple muscle groups.
The hemoglobin was 11.6 gm.
Serum potassium at this time was 3.8 mEq. per liter, and the hemoglobin was 13.9 gm. By Dec. 1, 1958, the weakness in the pelvic and quadriceps muscle groups was appreciably worse, and it became difficult for the patient to rise unaided from a sitting or reclining position.
Serial serum potassium levels remained normal;
Severe back pain in June, 1959, prompted a third hospital admission.
The coronary arteries were sclerotic and diffusely narrowed throughout their courses, and the right coronary artery was virtually occluded by a yellow atheromatous plaque 1.5 cm. distal to its origin.
On the surfaces of both lungs there were emphysematous blebs measuring up to 3 cm. in diameter.
Some liver cord cells contained vacuolated cytoplasm, while others had small amounts of brown hemosiderin pigment.
A section of the colon revealed intense hyperemia and extensive focal ulcerations of the mucosa, associated with much fibrin and many neutrophils.
The bone of the vertebral bodies, ribs, and sternum was soft and was easily compressed.
The necrosis often involved only a portion of the length of a given fiber, and usually the immediately adjacent fibers were normal.
These were thought to represent regenerating fibers.
Preparation of frozen sections
Some of them were then covered with a drop of Af in a moist chamber at 24-degrees for 30 - 40 minutes.
Stained or unstained sections were examined under dark field illumination in a Zeiss fluorescence microscope equipped with a mercury vapor lamp (Osram HBO 200).
Such sections showed bright yellow-green specific fluorescence in the cells of the pseudophloem tissue (Lee and Black, 1955).
The only treatment by which nonspecific staining could be satisfactorily removed was by passing the conjugate through a DEAE-cellulose column.
In later experiments, Af and Af were prepared by conjugating 8 mg of FITC per gram of globulin.
This was chiefly because of the bluish white autofluorescence from the cells.
In all cases studied tissues of the stem on which the tumor had developed did not contain detectable amounts of WTV antigen.
In our work the best procedure for removing substances causing nonspecific staining in order to obtain specific conjugates was to pass the conjugates through a DEAE-cellulose column and in some cases to absorb the first and second milliliter fractions with sweet clover tissue powder.
A previously extinguished conditioned reaction was restored in monkey A and was associated with typical signs of emotional excitement including sympathetic discharges.
After this brief discussion of neo-, paleocortical, and cortico-hypothalamic relations, let us return once more to the problem of hypothalamic balance and its physiological and pathological significance.
Thus, a low intensity of hypothalamic-cortical discharges prevails in sleep and a high one during wakefulness, resulting in synchronous EEG potentials in the former and asynchrony in the latter condition.
The emotional states produced by drugs influence the cortical potentials in a characteristic manner;
A change in the balance to the parasympathetic side leads in the normal individual to sleep or, in special circumstances, to cardiovascular collapse or nausea and vomiting.
(2) drugs altering the hypothalamic balance alter conditioned reactions;
Wolpe's experiments and therapeutic work lie in this area.
He took advantage of the antagonism between aggressive assertiveness and anxiety and found a relatively rapid disappearance of anxiety when the former attitude was established.
Although we are still far from a complete understanding of these problems, as a first approximation, it is suggested that alterations in the hypothalamic balance with consequent changes in the hypothalamic-cortical discharges account for major changes in behavior seen in various moods and states of emotions in man and beast under physiological circumstances, in experimental and clinical neurosis, and as the result of psychopharmacological agents.
Second, even if the characteristic polynomial factors completely over F into a product of polynomials of degree 1, there may not be enough characteristic vectors for T to span the space V.
The theorem which we prove is more general than what we have described, since it works with the primary decomposition of the minimal polynomial, whether or not the primes which enter are all of first degree.
Proof.
Let Af.
If Af is the operator induced on Af by T, then evidently Af, because by definition Af is 0 on the subspace Af.
Now the range of Af is the null space Af of Af.
Theorem 13.
Thus D'and N'commute with any polynomial in T;
Such an operator is obviously the zero operator;
For vector spaces over non-algebraically closed fields, we still need to find some substitute for characteristic values and vectors.
Let us now regard D as a linear operator on the subspace V.
However, one does not need to know very much.
Some experiments are composed of repetitions of independent trials, each with two possible outcomes.
What probabilities should be attached to these possible outcomes?
Before deriving this formula, we explain what we mean by "problems of this kind".
Ten students act as managers for a high-school football team, and of these managers a proportion P are licensed drivers.
The 2 possible outcomes on each trial are "driver" or "nondriver".
For the marksman, we study sets of five shots (Af);
These words are more expressive than labels like "A" and "not-A".
the marksman has some probability p, perhaps 0.1, of making a bull's-eye.
A family of five plans to go together either to the beach or to the mountains, and a coin is tossed to decide.
Table 7-1 illustrates the point.
Thus we do not score the number of bull's-eyes, and the random variable is not the number of successes.
We shall find a formula for the probability of exactly X successes for given values of P and N.
Example 2.
Here, for the case of squares inscribed in plane curves, we remove the restriction to convexity and give certain other results.
For any such square the middle corner of these will be called the vertex of the square and the corner not on the curve will be called the diagonal point of the square.
We consider now the graph of the function f{t} on Af.
Lemma 1.
Furthermore, one can find a neighborhood of Q in which the difference function is monotone, for since it is analytic it can have only a finite number of extrema in any interval.
The fact that there can not be any limit points of the set except in closed intervals follows from the argument used in Lemma 1, namely, that near any tangent point in the C-plane the curves C and Af are analytic, and therefore the difference between them must be a monotone function in some neighborhood on either side of the tangent point.
The first possibility results in a closed interval of tangent points in the f-plane, the end points of which fall into category (B) or (C).
Definition.
otherwise by Lemma 1 the component would extend beyond these points.
We erect a square with PQ as a side and with free corners Af and Af adjacent to P and Q respectively.
The roots of this equation are just the ordinates of the intersections of the graph of B with a straight line of unit slope through Af in the b-plane (the plane of the graph of b).
A general line L meets Q in two points, Af and Af, through each of which passes a unique generator of the regulus, Af, whose lines are simple secants of Aj.
The class of the congruence is Af, since an arbitrary plane meets **zg in K points.
Each generator, **yl, of Af is also exceptional, for each is transformed into the entire congruence of secants of the curve into which that generator is transformed by the point involution on Q.
Hence its image, C', meets any line of Af in Af points.
By (1), the image of this pencil is a ruled surface of order Af which is met by the plane of the pencil in a curve, C, of order Af.
Moreover, in this involution there is a cone of invariant lines of order Af, namely the cone of secants of **zg which pass through P.
Moreover, if Af, no two of the multiple secants can intersect.
If **ya is the multiple secant of **zg which passes through Af and **yb is the simple secant of **zg which passes through Af, and if Af are the points in which **ya meets **zg, and if Af is the image of Af on the generator **yb, it follows that the image of the line Af is Af.
At the same time, we should recognize that the obstacles to change and the lack of cohesion and stability which characterize these countries may make them particularly prone to diversions and external adventures of all sorts.
The society is likely to be characterized by having a fairly modernized urban sector and a relatively untouched rural sector, with very poor communications between the two.
We should spread the view that planning and national development are serious matters which call for effort as well as enthusiasm.
Land reform is likely to be a pressing issue in many of these countries.
They must continue to satisfy basic capital needs;
Capital flows must be coordinated with national needs and planning.
Another great danger is that the emerging middle class will feel itself increasingly alienated from the political leaders who still justify their dominance by reference to the struggle for independence or the early phase of nationalism.
With the exception of treaty-making, foreign relations were historically concerned for the most part with conditions of short or at least measurable duration.
as a complex it fits into the whole social organization and functions dominantly in every part of it.
In the last analysis, religion is the means of inducing, formulating, expressing, enhancing, implementing, and perpetuating man's deepest experience -- the religious.
A number of religions also satisfy for many the need of being linked with the ultimate and eternal.
Under the religious impulse, whether theistic or humanistic, men have joy in living;
The tensions accompanying a repressive consciousness of wrongdoing or sinning or some tormenting secret are relieved for the less self-contained or self-sufficient by confession, repentance, and penance.
for example Americans rally to Christian values vis-a-vis those of atheistic communism.
for example, a plan that fulfills the will of God, which advances the Kingdom of God, which involves social life as part of the Grand Design.
Without a system of values there can be no society.
These are ways of jointly participating in significantly symbolized, standardized, and ordered religiously sanctified behavior.
As such it acts as an anchor for the people.
Much effort has been expended in the sincere effort to apply the teaching and admonitions of religion.
Soon Mrs. B.'s fears threatened to burst into a full-blown panic concerning the welfare of the entire family.
The father, accurately perceiving the child's needs, not only respected them as worthy of his attention, but immediately satisfied them by taking him on his lap along with the twins, saying, "I have a big lap;
These needs usually concern the reduction of guilt and some relief of tension.
Though there is obviously nothing new about these techniques, they do challenge the worker's skill to articulate them precisely on the spot and on the basis of quick and accurate diagnostic assessments.
Her conclusion has been borne out in the experience of many practitioners: "short-contact interviewing is neither a truncated nor a telescoped experience but is of the same essential quality as the so-called intensive case work".
In some programs, treatment is concentrated over a short period of time, while in others, after the initial contact is established, flexible spacing of interviews has been experimentally used with apparent success.
Increased experimentation with multipurpose agencies, especially those that combine afresh the traditional functions of family and child welfare services, holds rich promise for the future.
As Loomis remarks, "In the internal pattern the chief reason for interacting is to communicate liking, friendship, and love among those who stand in supporting relations to one another and corresponding negative sentiments to those who stand in antagonistic relations".
core - marginal marriages still belong in the category of permissive unions;
The large majority of the interviewees placed core families in the upper positions.
Subsystems
In the study of marriage patterns for this group, consanguinity produces the structural system -- a system of affinities -- which, in turn, maintains the system of consanguinity.
By means of geographical isolation and high fertility rates, inbreeding can be fostered and the pattern of isolation from the greater society maintained.
In this respect it would seem that the greater the social distance between the Brandywine population and the white and Negro populations within the same general locality, the greater the possibility for higher morale and solidarity within the Brandywine population.
Boundary maintenance
In discussing the process of communication, Loomis defines it as "the process by which information, decisions, and directives are transmitted among actors and the ways in which knowledge, opinions, and attitudes are formed, or modified by interaction".
In such a setting social contacts and associations are likely to be heterogamous, resulting in a change of values and, almost necessarily, in mate selection behavior.
Boundary maintenance.
Systemic linkage.
The district officials, along with their other duties, were obliged to organize special demographic inquiries in selected areas and to supervise the annual tabulations of demographic statistics.
The registration card of a person leaving his home territory for a short period is put into a special file for absent persons.
The sampling program was instituted before the principles of probability sampling were widely recognized in population studies.
Before considering more recent activities, we should note another important aspect of demography in Belgian Africa.
A massive investigation of the characteristics of in-migrants and prospective out-migrants in Ruanda-Urundi is being carried on by J. J. Maquet, former Director of the Social Science branch of IRSAC, now a professor at l'Universite Officielle Du Congo Belge et Du Ruanda-Urundi.
The initiation of sampling censuses in Ruanda-Urundi (1952) and in the Congo (1955 - 57) were major advances.
In short, scientific sampling was introduced in place of subjective sampling.
(B) residents, absent;
Finally, it may have certain very important, less obvious values.
Other reports in identical form, but with somewhat varying content, have been issued.
A few were doubtful about the merits of an exclusive section for married students.
(1) The regular sections do not allow freshmen;
But in this one section we welcomed auditors.
One might digress at this point and speculate that if it is "wise" to create special sections for special status, then why not a special section for women pregnant before marriage, and one for 44-year-old men with teenage children, and so on.
The writer, being cognizant through his interviews of the reactions of previous married students, did insist on there being included some "hindsight" material.
Nevertheless, the writer has never experienced such spontaneity of discussion after film showings.
Since the writer had not noticed this characteristic in married students scattered throughout the various sections previous to this experiment, nor, as a matter of fact, in those who were continuing in "single sections", he can only conclude that there must have been something "contagious" within the specific group which caused this to occur.
This was not a particularly shocking or unexpected thing -- it was previously known to her that it might happen.
On the other hand, the women class members appeared to reach a far greater understanding than have women members in other sections that it is more natural for males as a group to view sex as sex rather than always associating it with love as most women seem to do.
Responses such as "rope with a loop in it", and "two pieces of rope", were quite characteristic.
It was predicted that those who shifted in their Kohnstamm reactivity would differ significantly from those who did not on the factor I which the investigators refer to as the "Inferiority" factor.
Among this latter group there were also differences in the amount and kind of information necessary before a shift in reaction occurred.
In no way, either verbally or behaviorally, did the experimenter indicate to the subjects any preferred mode of responding to the voluntary contraction.
They were not free to be themselves in this situation, an interpersonal one, where there was an observer of their reactions and they had no guide for acceptable behavior.
These suggested interpretations were given by the subjects spontaneously when they were told that there were people who reacted differently than they had.
She explained nonreactivity of others by saying that they were "not letting themselves relax".
that they can give up their control and allow themselves to be reactors rather than actors.
They were able to experience at first, in terms of past conventionality.
School principals and guidance workers made ratings of the various neighborhoods and the research team made independent observations of houses and dwelling areas.
The final sample was not significantly different from a normal distribution in regard to reading achievement or intelligence test scores.
Final ratings were made on the basis of a point system which was developed after studying the distributions of actual behaviors recorded and assigning weight values to each type of behavior that was deviant from the discovered norms.
Although the Taylor Scale was designed as a group testing device, in this study it was individually administered by psychologically trained workers who established rapport and assisted the children in reading the items.
The predicted interaction effect should, if potent, extend its influence over all academic achievement.
For example, on the basis of the regression equation, a child with an I.Q. of 120 in this sample would be expected to earn an achievement test score of 4.8 (grade equivalent).
It can be seen too that when we contrast levels of compulsivity within the structured schools, the high compulsive children do better (Af).
Test of interaction of anxiety and teaching methods
Failure confirms the threat, and the intensity of anxiety is increased as the required learning becomes more difficult, so that by the time the child reaches the third grade the decrement in performance is pronounced.
Yet the highly anxious child suffered a tremendous disadvantage only in the unstructured school, and performed as well or better than average in the structured setting.
One should keep in mind that many of the exciting possiblities of roleplaying are largely unexplored and have not been used in industry to the extent that they have been in military and other areas.
In the testing room, three of the veteran salesmen served as antagonists.
The reason for the value of this procedure was simply that the applicants were tested "at work" in different situations by the judgment of a number of experts who could see how the salesmen conducted themselves with different, but typical restaurant owners and managers.
Analysis
He played a number of typical situations before observers, other supervisors who kept notes and then explained to him in detail what he did they thought was wrong.
We may say that his attitude was foolish, since he may have been a success had he learned some human relations skills;
In short, as frequently happens in analyses, the individual feels threatened and defends himself.
No comments were made during the voting.
To want to change is the third step.
In addition, the basic approach utilized in applying roleplaying will be reviewed.
Eventually such incidents became more sporadic, and more sharply demarcated from her day-after-day behavior, and in one particular session, after several minutes of such behavior -- which, as usual, went on without any accompanying words from her -- she asked, eagerly, "Did you see Granny"?
She looked confused at this, and I felt sure it had been a wrong response for me to make.
and only when I can acknowledge this, to myself, as being indeed an aspect of my personality, does it cease to be a prominently troublesome aspect of the patient's behavior.
One cannot assume, of course, that all these accumulated meanings were inherent in the stereotype at the beginning of the therapy, or at any one time later on when the stereotype was uttered;
and which, more often than all these, conveys a welter of feelings which could in no way be conveyed by any number of words, words which are so unlike this welter in being formed and discrete from one another.
Of such hidden meanings the patient himself is, more often than not, entirely unaware.
The logical scheme used to accomplish the former influences the placement of information in the dictionary file.
dictionary information about the form stored at this location can be retrieved directly by occurrences of the form in text.
Let Af denote the form of Af.
When, as in this case, the two forms match, the address Af is saved to represent the occurrence Af.
Each cell except the last in the chain also contains the address of the Y-cell that is the next element of the chain;
These two pieces of information for each dictionary form that is matched by a text form constitute the table of dictionary usage.
The final step merely uses the table of dictionary usage to select the dictionary information that pertains to each form matched in the text-form list, and uses the list of information cells recorded in text order to attach the appropriate information to each occurrence in text.
Each entry that is selected for storage is written into the next available cells of the Aj.
Two very useful ways for modifying a form-dictionary are the addition to the dictionary of complete paradigms rather than single forms and the application of a single change to more than one dictionary form.
) The full forms can be derived from such information just prior to the lookup of the form in the text-form list.
In the tune to which this hymn is most often sung, "Boylston", the syllables have and fy, ending their lines, have twice the time any other syllables have.
in the double sentence the smaller the town, the friendlier the people it will generally be on the subjects the town and the people.
Is George reads the news emotionally, dominant stress may or may not be on the adjunct emotionally.
the personal pronoun has dominant stress because "he" has not been mentioned previously.
Dominant stress on pretty would be almost insulting here.
The desire to contrast the first parts of words which are alike in their last components produces an exceptional disregard of the normal patterns of stress of Chinese and Japanese.
Mack's the leader at camp, but Jack's here, with this is deprived of stress, makes here the complement in the clause.
When I have instructions to leave is equivalent in meaning to I have instructions that I am to leave this place, dominant stress is ordinarily on leave.
But the use of stress in comparison and contrast, for example, can undermine distinctions such as these.
When ity is added, real clearly has two syllables.
Tone analysis will continue to be difficult and unsatisfactory until a more representative selection of systems is familar to every practicing field linguist.
But it is worth pondering that very little has been published on any phase of field techniques in linguistics.
Welmers has suggested one explanation.
Tone and intonation often become seriously intermeshed.
A third explanation is suggested by Richardson's analysis of Sukuma tone.
Tonal morphophonemics, in a common case, can do nothing but either raise or lower the tone.
The design of orthographies has received much less attention from linguists than the problem deserves.
His objective is merely to determine "what distinctions of length and syllabicity it may be desirable to make explicit in a Kikuyu orthography" (59).
One other paper deals with a phonologic problem: Vowel Harmony In Igbo, by J. Carnochan.
My comments must be briefer than the papers deserve.
(On deduction of one-eighth from 3.46, the stem / item rate becomes 3.03 against 2.75 in equivalent number of languages.
The groups are therefore really non-comparable in content as well as in size.
More word class ratios determined in more languages will no doubt ultimately answer the question.
While the particular limits of these groupings may seem artificially arbitrary, they do fairly express a corresponding grouping of more variable material, and they eventuate also in five classes, along a similar scale, containing approximately equal numbers of cases, namely 19, 14, 15, 11, 12 in Athabascan.
121 - 137).
stem frequencies 4, 3, and 1, 57%.
If adjectival meanings show relatively low retentiveness of stems, as I am confident will prove to be the case in most languages of the world, why should our basic lists include 15 per cent of these unstable forms, but only 8 per cent of animals and plants which replace much more slowly?
but the nearer it comes to attaining universality, the less significant will it be linguistically.
Some of this may prove to be true, or even considerable of it, whether by genetic ramification or by diffusion and coalescence.
This involves step-by-step progress, and such will have to be the day-by-day work of lexicostatistics as a growing body of scientific inquiry.
It was nevertheless almost incredible that four years after Yalta there should be a complete split over Germany, with hot heads on both sides planning to use the Germans against their former allies, and with Nazi-minded Germans expecting to recover their power by fighting on one side or the other.
The bitter memory of Russia's exclusion from the Paris Peace Conference and of the West's effort to stamp out Bolshevism at its birth boiled up within him.
By this time Churchill was not so cordial toward moving Poland westward as he had been at Teheran, where he and Eden had both heartily approved the idea.
Though little democracy had ever been practised in this region, and much of it was still ruled by feudalistic means, it was taken for granted that at least the forms of Western democracy would be established in this area and Western capitalism preserved within it.
Speaking with "great earnestness", he said: "For the Russian people, the question of Poland is not only a question of honor but also a question of security.
6.
While obliged to concede governments in East Europe allied with the Soviet Union instead of opposed to it, we thought we had preserved our social and economic system in East Europe.
Yet actually "the image corresponded in no way to the actualities of the post-war world.
When the Yalta Papers were finally published with great fanfare they had revealed no betrayal by anyone.
The fourth and concluding point will be to estimate the long-run significance of the elections and how they figure in the current pattern of internal politics.
The day following his intervention the palace issued a statement reassuring the citizens that "the possibility of introducing appeals concerning the establishment of electoral lists, lists of candidates and finally the holding of the consultation itself" would be supported by the King himself.
They were increasingly looked upon as a means of establishing the new rural communes as the focus of a new, constructive national effort.
The tendency to treat elections as an instrument of self-interest rather than an instrument of national interest had two important effects on electoral planning in Morocco.
The Istiqlal-sponsored U.M.C.I.A. (L'Union Marocaine Des Commercants, Industrialistes et Artisans) was opposed by candidates of the new U.N.F.P. (L'Union National Des Forces Populaires) in nearly all urban centers.
Although a somewhat technical subject, it has important political implications as the above discussion of the voting system indicated.
The new Council was itself inescapably of political meaning, which was most clearly revealed in the absence of any U.N.F.P. members and the presence of several Istiqlal leaders.
Both men and women of twenty-one years of age could register and vote upon presenting proof of residence and identification.
The Health Amendment Act of 1956 added $5 million for practical nurse training.
The greatest impact of the matching-fund principle has been in initially encouraging the poorest states and school districts to spend enough to obtain their full allocation of outside funds.
The National Manpower Council of Columbia University has estimated that three out of five skilled workers and one out of five technicians have not been formally trained.
Transportation may be provided from nearby school districts.
A few key skilled workers experienced in the company's type of work usually must be brought in with the plant manager, or hired away from a similar plant elsewhere.
Planning of vocational education programs and courses is oriented to local employer needs for trained workers.
There simply is not enough material available on the types of job skills that are in demand and the types of training programs that are required or most suitable.
If there is adequate information on job opportunities for skilled jobs elsewhere, many more workers can be expected to respond.
A further possibility is suggested by the example of the G. I. bills and also by some recent trends in attitudes toward improving college education: that is to provide financial assistance to individuals for vocational training when local facilities are inadequate.
Then the fact that the lower channel line was pierced had further forecasting significance.
Of course, many more things are charted besides prices.
Just as heavily invested are the endeavors of multitudes of modern men who carry on the quest for the enchanting index.
But whereas civilized men no longer pursue the fountain, they never abandoned their pursuit of the enchanting index.
They might, for example, plot it exactly as is, or they might make ten day moving averages of it, or longer moving averages, or they might simply plot the ratio of odd-lot purchases to odd-lot sales.
Is it really that the "public" buys at the tops, and not that the market tops out when the "public" buys?
Strong hands act;
How much and how many profits could a majority take out of the losses of a few?
There need be no squeamishness about admitting this.
Though the methods of deciding may be profound and diverse, the possible conclusions remain but two.
Although the pause in the advance of general business activity this year has thus far been quite modest, it is hard to escape the conclusion that the softening process will continue into the first quarter of 1961 and possibly somewhat longer.
Slight downward pressure
To the extent that the new Administration has its wishes, the Federal Reserve would conduct its open market operations throughout the entire maturity range of Government securities and aggressively seek to force down long-term interest rates.
This makes it certain that Federal expenditures for military preparedness and foreign economic aid are likely to rise further in the next several years.
Accordingly, the expanding markets for consumer goods and housing occasioned by the higher rate of household formation should enhance the general economic prospects of the Sixties.
Spurred by keen competition in our industrial system, and still further increases in the funds devoted to industrial research, plant and equipment expenditures by business and industry should rise during the decade.
I am confident that it will, but consumer spending in the Sixties will not be fortified by the great backlog of wants and desires which characterized most of the Fifties.
The contribution of this paper is a demonstration of this proposition, and an exploration of some of its implications.
The industry
For the purposes of this discussion, the problem of relative prices is encompassed in these two variables, since GNP includes other prices.
For such an industry, it is only "safe" to raise its price if such an increase is manifestly "justified" by rising costs (due to rising wages, etc.).
We are abstracting from the fact of strikes here, but it should be obvious that the extent to which the public-limit price is raised by a given increase in the basic wage rate is also a function of the show of resistance put up by the industry.
Finally, since the public requires some restraint on the part of the companies, larger wage increases call for less than proportionately larger price increases (e.g., if a wage increase of 5% allows a price increase of 7%, a wage increase of 10% allows a price increase of something less than 14%).
The union does not regard unemployment of its own members as a matter of concern when setting its own wage policy -- its concern with employment makes itself felt in pressure upon the government to maintain full employment.
In this model, then, the industry is presumed to realize that they could successfully resist a change in the basic wage rate, but since such a change is the only effective means to raising prices they may, in circumstances to be spelled out in Part 2, below, find it to their advantage to allow the wage rise.
The Congress of Vienna is a convenient starting point because it both epitomized and symbolized what was to follow.
Thus, theory and doctrine applicable among the great nations and the smaller European states did not really comfortably fit less developed and less powerful societies elsewhere.
Now, with virtually every writer, not only was the European origin of public law acknowledged as a historical phenomenon, but the rules thus established by the advanced civilizations of Europe were to be imposed on others.
It lost sight of the individual almost entirely and confined itself to rules limiting the exercise of state power for reasons essentially unconnected with justice or morality save as these values might affect international relations.
According to the new theories, the nineteenth century corporate sovereign was "sovereign" in a quite new and different sense from his historical predecessors.
Particularly was this true when the norms previously applied were no longer satisfactory to many, when customs were rapidly changing as the forces of the new productivity were harnessed.
but even laissez-faire was a conscious policy.
To free the factors of production was a major objective of the rising bourgeoisie, and this objective required that governmental authority -- administrative officials and judges -- be limited as precisely and explicitly as possible;
It is not surprising that the international obligations of states were also viewed in terms of contract.
In this view, supported by only three members of the Court, a power denied by the specific provisions of Article 3, was granted by the generality of Article 1.
In 1910 it required the convening of a special three-judge court for the issuance of certain injunctions and allowed direct appeals to the Supreme Court.
The commission had issued an administrative order which was challenged as discriminatory against Negroes.
In Alabama Public Service Commission v. Southern Ry. Co., the commission had refused to permit abandonment of certain "uneconomic" train facilities.
On its face this merely provides a federal forum;
To avoid these constitutional difficulties, Mr. Justice Frankfurter was prepared to read the Taft-Hartley provision as concerned with diversity, rather than federal question, jurisdiction.
It has the power to do so but for the most part has left the matter for solution by judges on a case-by-case basis.
It may be noted, parenthetically, that to evade "desegregation" an ex-Justice and former southern governor has urged Congress to abolish this reviewing authority.
The result was that the plaintiff's case was dismissed.
The accused did not object to the trial court's charge to the jury that discourse "may constitute a breach of the peace if it stirs the public to anger, invites dispute, brings about a condition of unrest.
With respect to items such as these the provisions of section 381(c), viewed in historical perspective, suggest a rule requiring survival, whether the items are beneficial or detrimental to the surviving corporation.
The leading case, Seaboard Air Line Railway v. United States, held that the transferee could sue for a refund of taxes paid by the transferor, and it has been consistently followed.
In an earlier case, Kingan & Co. v. United States, an American corporation was formed for the purpose of acquiring the stock of a British corporation in exchange for its own stock and then liquidating the British corporation.
The former proof seems applicable to a statutory merger or consolidation, the latter to a contractual acquisition.
The first reason would never apply to a reorganization transfer which meets the conditions of section 381(a), which is the only type presently under discussion.
Section 203 of the United States Code has been interpreted as not applying to claims against the Government transferred in tax-free reorganizations.
However, a similar privilege was not specifically provided in section 168 for a person acquiring emergency facilities.
Actually, there do not presently appear to be items in the statute comparable to a net operating loss carryover.
Simple "yes" or "no" answers do not reveal the different shades of opinion that the various respondents may have.
Design of the questionnaire
Respondents'opinions regarding advertised bidding (Part E of the questionnaire) 6.
Several days after the companies had received the questionnaire, members of the research team contacted the presidents of eleven of these companies in person or by phone to discuss any ambiguities or difficulties the addressees might have experienced in completing the questionnaire.
The cover letter, questionnaire, and follow-up postcard were then revised into final form (see Appendixes A, B, and C).
Each source selected from its approved bidders list about 200 firms which it believed to be small businesses that participated in the production of weapons and weapon support systems.
2.
Each questionnaire was mailed with a cover letter addressed personally to the president or other executive of each firm.
Over 1,000 returns were received within two weeks after the final mailing was made.
In order to be able to properly relate the data for a single company each of the three cards comprising the set for each firm was identified with the appropriate serial number of the respondent.
The vast Central Valley of California is one of the most productive agricultural areas in the world.
For a number of years, there have been sporadic attempts in California to organize farm workers.
that is to say, to concentrate on a particular crop or activity in a particular area at a strategic time, rather than any broadside engagement with management throughout an area or the State.
In carrying out the provisions of this Act, the Secretary is authorized and directed to provide for the giving of notice of strikes or lock-outs to applicants before they are referred to employment.
There is no dispute involving fieldwork.
(Incidentally, no Mexican nationals were involved.
I cannot accept that view, either as a lawyer or as an administrator.
The Attorney General of California concurs in this interpretation and has filed an appeal from these decisions to the District Court of Appeal.
To have applied statewide the decisions of the two cases heard in Superior Court, in my opinion, would have placed us clearly out of compliance with the Wagner-Peyser Act and would have immediately opened the way for the Secretary of Labor, were he so inclined, to notify the Governor of such noncompliance, set a date for hearing, and issue his finding.
9.
Emotional characteristics
As the child grows older, his emotional reactions lead to "moods", or emotional states drawn out over a period of time and expressed slowly, rather than in short, abrupt outbursts.
6.
after they have been in school a few years, their interest in playmates of their own age increases, and their interest in adults decreases;
4.
Between the ages of two and four years, negativism or resistance to adult authority is noticeable;
Some are failing to achieve as much as their ability would permit;
Factors that inhibit learning and lead to maladjustment
The curriculum may be too difficult for some and too easy for others.
The classroom teacher cannot be expected to be as proficient in the use of the techniques of child study as the clinical psychologist;
Each teacher has in his classroom a metal file, equipped with a lock, which is used to store cumulative record folders.
The states and the Nation's Capital all have some desegregation, in fact some dating back to 1954;
Additional school desegregation in Tennessee resulted from a court order opening a school serving children of military personnel.
Desegregation can also result from additional suits brought by Negro plaintiffs against school boards in Newport News, Fairfax County, Arlington County, and Norfolk.
Nearby Foggy Bottom is ousting Negroes.
It is slow.
Not simply a brief program when the schools are actually desegregated but a continuing program that also promotes integration, that encourages the children and teachers not to look at each other as white or Negro, but as human beings.
Issue no. 1.
In large cities like Baltimore, Louisville, and Washington, D.C., should school desegregation be extended to all-Negro and all-white schools by assigning white and Negro teachers, respectively?
Is the requirement that the plaintiff be a person actually denied admission to a school a sound requirement?
The Federal funds limitation enlists the support of many, the opposition of quite a few.
Or must it become law by amendment of the United States Constitution?
On the whole, it appears that they do not favor their own social classes in an explicit way.
This is the issue of segregated schools in the South.
There is no problem here.
Teachers who have been upward mobile probably see education as most valuable for their students if it serves students as it has served them;
Legislators are one such group, and state legislators have major responsibility for educational legislation.
This Commission recommended against the use of federal government funds for the assistance of private universities and against a broad program of government-supported scholarships.
In general, it appears that educational decisions and educational policies are made by people who intend to act in the interests of the society as a whole.
Both of these purposes exist side by side without much overt conflict under present conditions.
Unfortunately, however, and for reasons to be discussed in the following chapter, no rate relationships can be made completely nondiscriminatory as long as all or some of the rates must be set above marginal costs in order to yield adequate revenues.
The first, or double-step, type might also be called the "railroad type" because of its application to railroads (and other transportation agencies) by the Cost Section of the Interstate Commerce Commission.
and a mere cost apportionment which somehow spreads among the classes and units of service even those costs that are strictly unallocable from the standpoint of specific cost determination.
High-tension industrial power service, for example, would not be charged with any share of the maintenance costs or capital costs of the low-tension distribution lines.
Thus, during any given year (A) if the revenues from the residential service are $7,000,000, (B) if the operating expenses imputed to this class of service come to $5,000,000, and (C) if the net investment in (or value of) the plant and equipment deemed devoted to this service amounts to $30,000,000, the cost analyst will report that residential service, in the aggregate, has yielded a return of $2,000,000 or 6-2/3 per cent.
This latter assumption will permit us to center attention on the most controversial aspect of modern public utility cost analysis -- the distinction among costs that are functions of outputs of the same service measured along different dimensions.
But our present interest lies in the measurement of costs of service, and only indirectly in rates that may or may not be designed to cover these costs.
The preconditions of sociology have remained largely unexamined by the sociologist.
For if the small group notion involves the implicit claim that the phenomena of sociological investigations are of atomic or subatomic proportions, the philosopher needs to know the extent to which such entities are valid.
271 - 307) indicate, that the concept of function in sociology has been built up from physiological and biological models, in which the notions of teleology, i.e., metaphysical purpose, are central.
The notion of philosophy as Queen Bee may fit well with authoritarian modes of political ideology, but it has been noted that the price of such an imperial notion of philosophy is the frustration and flagellation of the social sciences.
Consider the traditional "four fields" of philosophy: logic, ethics, epistemology and esthetics.
But the forceful presentation of new issues for the sciences to work on is itself a monumental task.
135 - 75.
The tenacity with which present metaphysical attitudes fetishize private intuition offers the strongest evidence that the gulf between scientific and delphic ways of philosophizing is built into the present conflict over the limits and purpose of science, religion and ideology.
The objection will be raised that the most important role of philosophy in relation to social science has been omitted, namely the status of ultimate value questions and norms operative in the social sciences.
It is rather that introducing them into social analysis reflects not so much a search for truth as for certainty.
But neither was the statement empirical, for goodness was not a quality like red or squeaky that could be seen or heard.
This theory has been put so clearly and precisely that it deserves criticism of the same kind, and this I will do my best to supply.
The positivist tells us that when we say this we are only expressing our present emotion.
Are we prepared to say that in that case nothing bad occurred in the sense in which we said it did?
On the positivist theory, everything I sought to express by calling it evil in the first case is still present in the second.
He holds that goodness and badness lie in feelings of approval or disapproval.
The pathetic evidence is no longer before us;
but on the theory before us such a belief would not make sense.
Now on the subjectivist view, this answer is ruled out.
If there is nothing evil in these things, if they get their moral complexion only from our feeling about them, why shouldn't they be greeted with a cheer?
This circumstance in the patient's case plus the fact that his tactual capacity remained basically in sound working order constitutes its exceptional value for the problem at hand since the evidence presented by the authors is overwhelming that, when the patient closed his eyes, he had absolutely no spatial (that is, third-dimensional) awareness whatsoever.
(2) What evidence is there that he was psychically blind?
and he could tell, simply by the feel of it, whether it was made of wood, iron, cloth, rubber, and so on.
then we shall perhaps be in a position to provide something like a complete answer to the question at hand.
If, however, the figure to be discerned were complicated, composed of several interlocking subfigures, and so on, even the tracing process failed him, and he could not focus even relatively simple shapes among its parts.
Therefore, his only recourse was to learn the shape all over again for each new visual experience of the same individual object or type of object;
Perhaps the very important question -- What is, then, exactly the role of kinesthetic sensations in the patient's ability to recognize forms and shapes by means of the tracing movements when he is actually looking at things?
At the least, however, one may conclude that Geometric potters sensed a logical order;
From even a cursory inspection of its many aspects, however, the historian can deduce several fundamental conclusions about the progress of the Aegean world down to 800 B.C.
In their place came local variations within the common style -- tentative, as it were, in Protogeometric products but truly distinct and sharply defined as the Geometric spirit developed.
Greek history and culture were enduringly fertilized, and plagued, by the interplay of these conjoined yet opposed factors.
The pace could now be accelerated, for the inhabitants of the Aegean stood on firm ground.
Though it is not easy to apply the evidence of the Iliad to any specific era, this marvelous product of the epic tradition had certainly taken definitive shape by 750.
the gods who protected the Greek countryside were only now putting on their sharply anthropomorphic dress.
the important point, however, is that these magnificent achievements, unlike those of later decades, were only incidentally influenced by Oriental models.
The potters, in particular, had virtually eschewed freehand drawing, elaborate motifs, and the curving lines of nature, while yet expressing a belief that there was order in the universe.
The rows of animals and birds, in particular, suggest awareness of Oriental animal friezes, transmitted perhaps via Syrian silver bowls and textiles, but the specific forms of these rows on local vases and metal products are nonetheless Greek.
Both Cook's and Russell's lives were threatened by the Mexicans following the killing, but the company officers felt that in the end, it would serve to quiet them despite their immediate emotion.
There were three houses in Salyer's Canyon just at the foot of a low bluff, the road winding along the top, entering above, and then passing down in front of the houses, thence to the Vermejo.
Just before leaving the arroyo where he was partially concealed, he did hear shots down at the house.
The posse's retreat encouraged the Mexicans to be overbearing and impudent.
They were reluctant to appoint sheriffs to protect the property, thus running the risk of creating disturbances such as that on the Vermejo, and yet the cowboys protested that they got no salary for arresting cattle thieves and running the risk of being shot.
By 3:00 A.M. they reached his house and found it vacant.
Shot near the heart, he turned to one side and plunged for a door to another room several feet away, three bullets following him.
The sheriff and District Attorney Mills hastily swore out a number of warrants against men who had been riding about armed, according to signed statements by Chavez and Dr. I. P. George, and ordered Deputy Barney Clark of Raton to rescue the posseman.
The plant was located west of the Battenkill and south of the location of the former electric light plant.
No figures were submitted with the report and no action was taken on it by the town.
A message of less than fifteen words to Bennington cost twenty-five cents.
the smallest gusts of wind toppled poles, making communications impossible.
Still existing on a "Northern Union" telegraph form is a typical peremptory message from Peru grocer J. J. Hapgood to Burton and Graves'store in Manchester -- "Get and send by stage four pounds best Porterhouse or serloin stake, for Mrs. Hapgood send six sweet oranges".
During that tournament alone, some 250,000 words winged their way out of Manchester.
Eber L. Taylor of Manchester Depot recorded the setting of phone poles in East Dorset and Barnumville in his diary for 1906.
In 1931 Mrs. F. H. Briggs, agent and chief operator, who was to retire in 1946 with thirty years'service, led agency offices in sales for the year with $2,490.
No records are available as to the date or extent of installation, but it may have been in 1896.
John C. Blackmer, vice-president;
Some who have written on Utopia have treated it as "a learned diversion of a learned world", "a phantasy with which More amused himself", "a holiday work, a spontaneous overflow of intellectual high spirits, a revel of debate, paradox, comedy and invention".
Utopia is still widely read because in a sense More stood on the margin of modernity.
we do not even need to commit ourselves to assessing on the same inconceivable scale the relative importance of the medieval, the Renaissance, and the modern.
Surely there is nothing new about communism.
We will achieve a more vivid sense of what it is by realizing what it is not.
To derive Utopian communism from the Jerusalem Christian community of the apostolic age or from its medieval successors-in-spirit, the monastic communities, is with an appropriate shift of adjectives, misleading in the same way as to derive it from Plato's Republic: in the Republic we have to do with an elite of physical and intellectual athletes, in the apostolic and monastic communities with an elite of spiritual and religious athletes.
Because community not severalty of property is the law of nature no man can assert an absolutely unalterable right to what is his.
It is not merely a new thing;
even houses changed once a decade;
The two major newspapers in Providence continued, throughout the crisis, to accuse each other of misrepresenting the facts and attempting to falsify history.
The editor's main criticism of the trial was the haste with which it was conducted.
There was no doubt as to the control the Republican party exercised throughout the state.
Most attempts to develop any sympathy for Brown and his actions found an unresponsive audience in Rhode Island.
During the latter days of November to the day of Brown's execution, it seems that most Rhode Islanders did not concur in "E. B.'s" suggestion.
The only public demonstration in honor of John Brown was held at Pratt's Hall in Providence, on the day of his execution.
Barstow concluded that as Rhode Island's John Brown became a canonized hero, if not a saint, so would it be with John Brown of Harper's Ferry.
In the remainder of his speech Davis spoke of his admiration for Brown and warned those who took part in the meeting that they "are liable to the charge that they are supporting traitors and upholding men whom the laws have condemned".
instead of seeing objects in space, it sees nothing more than -- a picture.
Picasso says that he himself had already made his first collage toward the end of 1911, when he glued a piece of imitation-caning oilcloth to a painting on canvas.
Literal flatness now tends to assert itself as the main event of the picture, and the device boomerangs: the illusion of depth is rendered even more precarious than before.
Thus every part and plane of the picture keeps changing place in relative depth with every other part and plane;
Out of this re-created literalness, the Cubist subject reemerged.
It was the collage that made the terms of this dilemma clear: the representational could be restored and preserved only on the flat and literal surface now that illusion and representation had become, for the first time, mutually exclusive alternatives.
Analytical Cubism came to an end in the collage, but not conclusively;
The affixed elements of collage were extruded, as it were, and cut off from the literal pictorial surface to form a bas-relief.
Downtown Los Angeles is already two-thirds freeway, interchange, street, parking lot and garage -- one of those preposterous "if" statistics has already come to pass.
The big factories which are relatively near the centers of our cities -- the rubber factories in Akron, Chrysler's Detroit plants, U.S. Steel's Pittsburgh works -- often began on these sites at a time when that was the edge of the city, yet close to transport (river), storage (piers) and power (river).
The drive along Massachusetts'Route 128, the by-pass which makes an arc about twenty miles from downtown Boston, may be a vision of the future.
the hotel-motel demarcation is becoming harder to find every year.
The suburban branch is thereby credited with a sale which would have been made even if its glass doors had never opened.
To the extent that the problem is merely parking, an aggressive downtown management, like that of Lazarus Brothers in Columbus, Ohio, can fight back successfully by building a garage on the lot next door.
Was a question that had to be asked long before they saw Paree.
Before losing itself in the sands of the 19th Century, the grand stream of Italian Renaissance architectural decoration made a last appearance in the Brumidi frescos of the Capitol Rotunda in Washington.
A blank undecorated void, plastered in roughcast, disfigured the wall of the Rotunda until 1951.
One had to manage the given subjects, three diverse recent events, so as to make them part of a classical frieze, -- that is, a pattern of large figures filling the space, with not much else, against a blank background.
Washed, they came out surprisingly clear and bright.
I am told that a mortar longer slaked might have remained longer in condition for painting.
Later Brumidi and Costaggini will be seen coping with this same problem.
Brumidi's son later maintained that Costaggini had compressed and mutilated his father's designs, ambitiously coveting a bit he could claim for his very own.
Every few days, in the early morning, as the work progressed, twenty men would appear to push it ahead and to shift the plank foundation that distributed its weight widely on the Rotunda pavement, supported as it is by ancient brick vaulting.
Necessary retouching was put on at once.
It may well be that, when Rudy Pozzatti and I visited your country last spring, you were living and working close to the places we saw and the streets we walked.
The time-span of little more than a month cannot entitle me to pose as an expert on anything I saw.
I cannot be content with the anecdotal small talk of a somewhat unusual travelogue.
If we thus spent our very first day in the midst of a large number of your people honoring a new hero and a great national achievement, our last day, to us at least, was equally impressive and very moving, even though the crowds were absent and there was almost complete silence.
The prevalent opinion which we encountered in a variety of expressions in your country denied not only the existence of this conflict but it was elaborated even further with an incredible semantic dexterity.
We had looked forward to what we hoped to be our first informal meeting with a number of Moscow's artists.
.
Our presence here should also be considered further, sincere evidence of the attempts by our people and their chosen government to seek any and all possible ways to effect closer, peaceful ties among all people.
But certainly, all will agree that it is not so much the knowledge and search for similarities between you and us, but rather the thoughtful exploration and acceptance of our differences which may lead us to our respective and desired goals with a minimum of misunderstanding.
A careful and orderly man, who values precision and a kind of tough intellectual responsibility, might easily be put off by such a book.
I shall first indicate a couple of weaknesses in Fromm's analysis, then argue that, granted these weaknesses, he still has much left that is valuable, and, finally, raise the general question of a philosophical versus a sociological approach to the question of alienation.
I am not suggesting that Fromm ought to do this kind of work.
Another example is his very infrequent use of the large amount of data from surveys designed to discover what and how people actually do feel and think on a broad range of topics: he cites such survey-type findings just three times.
That is one way to read the findings, but again there are other ways.
That is, sometimes it is used to describe felt human misery, and other times it is postulated to explain unfelt anxiety and discontent.
This sort of manipulation is especially troublesome in Fromm's work because, although his system is derived largely from certain philosophic convictions, he asserts that it is based on empirical findings drawn both from social science and from his own consulting room.
One can make them say the same thing only by not listening to them very carefully and hearing only what one wants to hear.
For Fromm, capitalism is the enemy, the root of all evil.
Even then, the flexibility of the phrasing suggests that the word comes first in importance.
It changes and develops according to the text;
Apparently their origin is humble, their approach to life direct and unsophisticated.
Both monks respond to the guard's challenge with a few phrases of their begging song;
Rangoni's first entrance is a musical shock, a sudden open fifth in a key totally unrelated to what has preceded it.
As if in a trance, she repeats his words -- then realizes, with a shock, her own audacity.
At once the Jesuit pulls out all the stops.
Boris'first entrance seems almost a footnote to the splendor of the Coronation Scene, with its dazzling confusion of tonalities.
They will kneel and plead for Boris'leadership in a strangely intense song, its phrases irregularly broken as if gasping for breath, but when the police with their cudgels move away, they mock and grumble and fight among themselves.
They echo the words with which he has described his own vision of the dying child who "trembles and begs for mercy -- and there is no mercy".
They bring the news that the Pretender has been excommunicated;
In a time when poetic style, and poetic belief as well, seem in a state of continual flux, Hardy stands out as a poet of almost perverse consistency.
There are two ways of getting at a poet's development: through his dated poems, and through the revisions which he made in later editions of his work.
Poems Of The Past And The Present and Time's Laughing Stocks, both published while Hardy was at work on The Dynasts, draw heavily on poems written before 1900.
Mrs. Hardy records that "at the end of November (1881) he makes a note of an intention to resume poetry as soon as possible" (Early Life, p. 188);
Like a wise gardener, Hardy pruned away the Shakespearian sonnets and songs, and the elements of meter and poetic diction to which his personal style was not suited, and let the main stock of his talent flourish.
It is obviously a young man's poem, written out of books and not out of experience;
if it is somber, it is also precise, and the precision lends authority to the vision.
They are the only poems that he rearranged as a group between their first appearance (in Satires Of Circumstance) and the publication of the Collected Poems.
If the word deliberate means anything, both of them certainly deliberately destroyed themselves.
The rowdy crowd chilled into stillness and the fluent melody spiraled through it.
Music, of course, is not so explicit an art, but anybody who knew Charlie Parker knows that he felt much the same way about his own gift.
But the other activities of his life partook of these values.
Thomas is a regression from the technical originality and ingenuity of writers like Pierre Reverdy or Apollinaire.
The special syntactical effects of a Rimbaud or an Edith Sitwell -- actually ornaments -- become the main concern.
He may have been eccentric in his behavior, but his paintings are as impassive as Persian tiles.
Ornament is confabulation in the interstices of structure.
In fact, the whole generation of the founding fathers of bop -- Gillespie, Monk, Davis, Blakey, and the rest -- are just now at a considerable discount.
Nothing looks anything like an Ernst or an Arp but another Ernst or Arp.
Its poverty shows up immediately when compared with Tiepolo, where the rococo rises to painting of extraordinary profundity and power.
Hrothgar's court bard sings of the encounters at Finnsburg (lines 1068 - 1159), and improvises the tale of Beowulf's exploits in a complimentary comparison of the Geatish visitor with Sigemund (lines 871 - 892);
The bondage endurable by an oral poet is to be estimated only by a very skilful oral poet, but it appears safe to assume that no sustained narrative in rhyme could be composed without extreme difficulty, even in a language of many terminal inflections.
the Homeric poet had epithets, which provided for recurring needs in the hexameter.
no strikingly effective element of speech in the extant poems can with assurance be said not to have been a commonplace in the vaster epic corpus that may have existed at the beginning of the first millennium before Christ.
Once many significant phrases are found in theory or in recurrent practice to provide for prosodic necessity, they are not to be defended for their semantic properties in isolated contexts.
no-one today would hope to discover the unmistakable ruins of Heorot or the palace of Priam.
Yet they are written;
The ratio is thoroughly remarkable, because the lines are so long -- half again as long as those of Beowulf.
This essay seeks to make that exploration.
Such mannerisms would be less worthy of remark, were it not that in Great Expectations, as in no other of Dickens'novels, hands serve as a leitmotif of plot and theme -- a kind of unifying symbol or natural metaphor for the book's complex of human interrelationships and the values and attitudes that motivate them.
Through such details Dickens indicates at the outset that guilt is a part of the ironic bond between Pip and Magwitch which is so unpredictably to alter both their lives.
Jaggers'iron control over her ("she would remove her hands from any dish she put before him, hesitatingly, as if she dreaded his calling her back)") rests on his having once got her acquitted of a murder charge by cleverly contriving her sleeves at the trial to conceal her strength and by passing off the lacerations on the backs of her hands as the scratches of brambles rather than of human fingernails.
Pip imagines how Estella would look down upon Joe's hands, roughened by work in the smithy, and the deliberate contrast between her white hands and his blackened ones is made to symbolize the opposition of values between which Pip struggles -- idleness and work, artificiality and naturalness, gentility and commonness, coldness and affection -- in fact, between Satis House and the forge.
) in effusive congratulation to Pip on his expectations.
The label and operation columns must be blank and the continuation of the operand must begin in column 21;
This table originally indicates that index words 1 through 96 and electronic switches 1 through 30 are available for assignment to symbolic references;
The one- or two-digit number of the index word or electronic switch was used in the operand of an EQU statement, e.g.,
2.
The preceding methods allow efficient use of index words and electronic switches during a sectionalized or multi-phase program, particularly when used in conjunction with the LITORIGIN statement.
Autocoder declarative statements provide the processor with the necessary information to complete the imperative operations properly.
An RDW will be of the form Af, where xxxx is the starting location of the area and yyyy is its ending location.
The area may include constant information supplied by the programmer.
Brief descriptions of these three declarative statements and detailed descriptions of the formats and functions of each of the other 7070/7074 Autocoder declarative statements follow below.
If the first item in the operand is omitted, the symbolic name IOCSIXF will be assigned.
Recent studies by Weston and Stack had indicated that a turbine aerator could be added to an oxidation pond to increase the rate of oxygen transfer.
This necessitated the construction of temporary sewage treatment facilities with an expected life from 5 to 15 Aj.
Pilot lagoon
The aerator had a variable-speed drive to permit operation through a range of speeds.
The data indicated that the organic load during the 6-hr. composites was essentially 50 per cent of the 24-hr. organic load.
The periods of high effluent BOD occurred during cold periods when operational problems with the aerator resulted.
The large amount of vegetable grindings from the grocery store in the shopping center created a suspended solids problem.
Removal of the suspended solids by a membrane filter yielded an average effluent containing only 20 mg/l Aj.
As the temperature decreased, the number of free swimming ciliated protozoa decreased.
The dissolved oxygen in the aeration unit was consistently high until January 29, 1961.
Oxidation pond
The BOD of the effluent ranged from a minimum of 13 to a maximum of 47 mg. / l.
Fixed installations offer possibilities for area detection.
Consequently, air, surface, and submarine elements overshadow the mine, fixed installations, and intelligence.
While one element is announcing progress, another is delineating its problems.
Russia possesses the preponderance of submarines in the world, divided between her various fleets.
Therefore the second principle of the plan must be that, while providing for all-out hostilities, its effectiveness is not dependent on general war.
As detection ranges increase, weapons will be developed to attack other submarines and surface craft at these ranges.
Therefore, any measures taken in peacetime which will decrease force requirements in war will contribute greatly to success when hostilities occur.
Therefore, because reduction in tasks results in reduction of forces required, the plan should provide for expanding area coverage.
The ocean presently co-operates with the target.
Variations in sound velocity should be measured rather than temperature, because more of the variables would be encompassed.
they are difficult to counter, cost little to maintain until required, and can be put into place quickly.
Systems which detect submarines over wide areas are attractive, although they can be only "burglar alarms".
Two metabolites (1, and 2)) of p-aminobenzoic acid (PABA) which act as cofactors for the hydroxylation of aniline by acid-fast bacteria are biosynthesized from Aj.
) studies on esterases
(E. G. Erdos, L. E. Boggs, C. D. Mackey) biophysical studies on modified fibrous proteins
pharmacological effects in vitro on isolated surviving organs and in vivo on blood pressure were assayed;
theory of non-newtonian fluids
geochemistry
This glass is probably formed from Libyan Desert sands by comet or stony-meteorite impact.
Preparation of a coordination compound is often accomplished by the simple method of reacting a metal salt with a ligand in a suitable solvent such as an alcohol.
(J. A. Laswick, N. L. Heatwole)
The mean-square end-to-end distance of the polyisobutylene chain has been calculated in reasonable agreement with values deduced from viscosity data.
-- Glycerinated muscle, in the presence of the physiological agent (ATP) responsible for delivering energy to the mechanochemically active proteins of muscle, has been shown to undergo a contraction which is highly sensitive both to temperature and to solvent composition in mixtures of alcohols and water.
The predictability of the molecular weights was found to be within 10% for the polymers prepared, with Af ratios less than 1.1.
Editors for Volumes 1, and 2, were M. W. Porter and the late R. C. Spiller, both of Oxford University.
The index is essentially a new treatment of previously compiled morphological data.
Format:
The Barker index is published for the Barker Index Committee by W. Heffer & Sons, Ltd., 4 Petty Cury, Cambridge, England.
The Geological Society of America gave a grant-in-aid to complete the work and bore the expenses of publication.
Cell dimensions, number of formula units per cell, space group, and specific gravity are given for all substances.
Since Parts 1, and 2, were prepared independently, the abbreviation schemes and the chemical symbols used differ in the two parts.
There are formula and name indexes covering both parts.
Though now complete, the publication is included in this directory because of its importance and because of the long-term nature of its preparation.
The critical comments in the textual sections of this publication are invaluable.
Each group is paginated separately;
Dana's System Of Mineralogy
The volume was completed in 1950 and published in 1951.
The crystallographic data given include interaxial angles and unit cell dimensions;
There is a complete synonymy at the beginning of each species description.
Volume 1 ((Af) of the seventh edition of Dana's System Of Mineralogy was published in 1944 and Volume 2 ((Af) in 1951 by John Wiley & Sons, Inc., New York, N. Y.
There are also corresponding members and outside advisory groups.
Criticality:
In the more sophisticated atmosphere of today's developed nations, food-preservation techniques have sought also to bring variety, peak freshness, and optimum taste and flavor in foods at reasonable cost to the consumer.
Sprouting is a naturally occurring phenomenon in stored potatoes, onions, carrots, beets, and similar root vegetables.
It furnishes a means of destroying insects in stored grain products as well as certain parasitic organisms present in meats.
3.
Aside from availability and economic considerations, each has certain practical advantages;
It has been estimated that for applications on a megawatt scale costs might reach values in the neighborhood of 10 cents per kwhr for large-scale accelerators or for gamma radiation generated in a reactor core.
Foods for rear stations, which require cooking, but no refrigeration, are also of interest.
Tests with beef have been largely unsuccessful because of the development of off-flavors.
However, a major problem here is one of scale of processing;
Under the conditions of comparison, it will be noted that: (1)
Acceptable taste and odor are retained by the irradiated and refrigerated chicken.
A number of adjustment features are included in the Hesiometer to facilitate measurement and permit ready removal of coatings deposited on such substrates as iron and other metals, glass, wood, and plastic surfaces.
The molecular forces holding the coating to the substrate are obviously greater than the cohesive strength of the coating and failure occurs by shear along a plane starting at the tip of the knife and extending to the coating surface.
Cutting mechanism of cohesive failure
Af is the normal compressive force acting on the shear plane;
These two values and the rake angle **yc are sufficient to determine the other parameters of these relationships.
The curvature of this bluntness is, in the case of the Carboloy knife employed in the Hesiometer, determined by the grain sizes of the polished grit and the tungsten carbide crystals cemented together in the knife body and is in the order of 0.1 to 0.2 mil.
A second factor which enters into the practical measurement of the instrumentally determined cutting force is the frictional resistance caused by the bottom of the knife against the substrate.
These theoretical relationships are more clearly illustrated in Fig. 7 and their sum can be seen to correlate in form with practical measurements made with the Hesiometer as illustrated in the first portion of Fig. 5 for the cutting mechanism.
With increasing advance of the knife into the coating the shear plane extends to the coatings surface and the shear angle rapidly decreases.
Many of the other foamed plastics, particularly the styrenes, show similar growth potential.
Much interest has also been expressed in new techniques for processing the urethane foams, including spraying, frothing, and molding (see article, p. 391 for details).
Urethane foams
Blowing can be either one of two types -- carbon dioxide gas generated by the reaction of water on the polyisocyanate or mechanical blowing through the use of a low-boiling liquid such as a fluorinated hydrocarbon.
One shot vs. prepolymer
The single curve line represents a specific formulation in a test example.
This term refers to the ability of a material to resist bending stress and is determined by measuring the load required to cause failure by bending.
There are many ways of producing a foamed urethane product.
Also available is a slitter which "peels" the inside of a folded block of foam and can be used to slit continuous sheets up to 300 yd. in length, down to 1/16 in. thick.
The introduction of one-shot polyether foam systems, aided by the development of new catalysts, helped to alleviate some of the problems of closed molding.
Washing is continued for 30 minutes or for a period of time sufficient to allow 100 nips or passes through the squeeze rolls.
Evaluation may be made on either a soil-removal or a grease-removal basis as desired.
It is possible to identify the test procedure completely with a code consisting of a Roman Numeral, a letter, and an Arabic number.
There are three fins each approximately three inches wide extending the full length of the inside of the wheel.
Any flat-bed press capable of pressing a specimen 22 inches square may be used as an alternative.
Softener -- e.g. sodium metaphosphate or sodium hexametaphosphate (if needed in hard water areas).
Each pin is individually sprung to a tensioning member which is driven outwardly in the slot.
Fabrics that are badly distorted in their unlaundered state due to faulty finishing may give deceptive dimensional change results when laundered by any procedure.
Three distances, each at least 18 inches, are measured and marked off parallel to each of the warp and filling directions.
The markings consist of a centrally located 10 inch diameter measuring circle and a 14 inch diameter circle of 20 dots equidistantly spaced (See Figure 1).
When this water level has been reached, inject steam into the wheel until the temperature reaches that shown in Column B of Table 2.
Drain off the soap solution of the suds cycle at such a time that the wheel has become substantially empty of soap and water at the end of the time shown in Column A of Table 2, measured from the time the wash wheel was started.
some of these are listed below: (A)
However, the unavoidable low-duty cycle restricts the effective gain.
As it will be discussed later, peripheral defocusing can be improved on by utilizing curved fiber couplers.
Basic design of a fiber-coupled, double-stage image intensifier
As it will be shown later, the field-flattening properties of the interstage and output fiber coupler comprise indeed the main advantage of such a design.
The luminous flux gain of a single stage is given by: Af.
(D)
Hence, the Af factor for the output fiber coupler is Af.
For circular fibers in a closely packed hexagonal array, the packing efficiency is given by: Af where Af, and 0.906 is the ratio of the area of a circle to that of the circumscribed hexagon.
It is obvious that the careful choice of photocathode which maximizes Af for a given input E (in the case of the second stage, for the first phosphor screen emission) is very important.
Furthermore, the chromatic aberrations depend on the chosen high voltage.
Electrostatic systems of the pseudo-symmetric type have been tested for resolution capabilities by applying electronography.
The specification of the state of the process stream;
The essential characteristic of an optimal policy when the state of the stream is transformed in a sequence of stages with no feedback was first isolated by Bellman.
Thus a number of operations of the order of Af are required.
Bellman (1957) has annunciated in the following terms:
Each stage transforms the state Af of its feed to the state Af in a way that depends on the operating variables Af.
The policy may not be unique but the maximum value of P certainly is, and once the policy is specified this maximum can be calculated by (2) and (3) as a function of the feed state Af.
When Af has been found it may be transferred into the storage location of Af and the whole calculation repeated.
Here P represents the value of the stream in state P and Q the cost of operating the stage with conditions Q.
For a single stage we may define Af where the maximization is by choice of Af.
The word distance is used here in a rather general sense;
It is assumed that the gyros are designed with electrical torquers so that a torque can be applied about their output axes.
The voltage Af is amplified by Af and applied to the gyro torquer with scale factor Af.
It must be noticed in Fig. 7-1 that the accelerometer responds to any input acceleration.
The amplifier is designed so that its gain is large for accelerometer signals above a certain threshold level.
However, the leveling operation can be maintained and controlled remotely with no mechanical or optical contact with the platform.
However, skill is required on the part of an operator to level a platform to any degree of accuracy.
Use of the characteristics of the platform components for an indication of true heading.
This can be done to a high degree of accuracy by existing surveying techniques.
If the platform is not too high off the ground, a transit can be mounted on a stand to raise it up to the platform.
Electrical pickoffs.
Figure 7-3 shows a platform system with the gyro vectors arranged as described above.
Thirty-three
They ate the cafeteria food with its orange sauces and Scotty gazed without interest at his food, the teachers, the heroic baronial windows, and the bright ranks of college banners.
"I can fix him something later in the afternoon when we get home".
Altogether he had, since the seizure, the appearance of a boy who overindulged in food and took no exercise.
Scotty gazed out at ugly gray slums and said softly, "Look at those stupid kids".
Virginia treated him with attention and tried to tempt his appetite with special food: biscuits, cookies, candies -- the result of devoted hours in the tiled kitchen.
He ate what he felt like, slept as much or as little as he pleased, and moved about the draughty rooms of the house, when he was not in bed, with slow, dubious steps, like an elderly tourist in a cathedral.
it was like the bandaged wound on the back of his head which occasionally throbbed;
She was with Elizabeth.
"Husky young man", he said with mock distaste.
"I think by the end of next week he could get out in the air a little.
She did not touch him.
You could win a popularity contest at that school without any trouble.
"Do you suppose his self-consciousness is characteristic of the new Negro professionals or merely of doctors in general"?
There was the slight pain, but it was no different from the throbbing in his head.
"How's Scotty"?
Scotty would reply softly and his father, apologetically, would ask him to repeat.
"Have you got enough blankets"?
Closer still, regular barricades of barbed wire hung on timber supports.
It could take place tomorrow night, or it might occur months from now.
Yet, he was here.
If Joe doesn't show up, we'll all be back here at 0600 hours.
They set bouncing betties to jump and explode at testicle level while we more mercifully had them go off at the head.
Warren tried to shake off the jumble of his fears by looking at the sky.
If a branch extended out too far, each man held it back for the next, and if they met a low overhang, each warned the other.
Looming over all, Papa-san leered down at him, threatening a hundred hidden malevolencies.
"Give me your machine gun ammo".
Figures seemed to crouch in the surrounding dark;
-- In France he had puzzled the meaning of the great stone monuments men had thrown up to the sky, and always as he wandered, he felt a stranger to their exultation.
Wait"!
Now the English are painfully silent about my missing hands.
He smiled and stuck a large finger with white hairs sprouting on it into his ear as though that might help.
His friend Jane was with him.
I'm sure all girls feel this way about men until they live with them.
A New York kid, a refugee from one of the Harlem gangs, made fun of Trig's accent, and drew a knife.
Jane nodded with a pleasant smile.
Two of our men were killed, a third was wounded.
So you see Mr. Christiansen knows what it's all about.
Poverty imposes a kind of chastity on the ambitious.
He had to teach himself patiently that these traps were not for him.
If he had had a son, he would tell him, "Gather ye rosebuds while ye may This same flower that smiles today tomorrow will be dying".
Human nature was not a piece of meat you could tell was bad by its smell.
He waved his arm around at the furnishings.
He had to acquire everything he was going to get in four years.
Lawrence listened with the practiced, deceptive calm of the lawyer, but his face was in the shadow.
The Bishop looked at him coldly and said, "Take it or leave it"!
Then they went down to Black Bottom.
The characteristic thing about this church was its Amen corner and the weekly religious orgy.
He had preached a short sermon, trying to talk man-to-man to the audience, to tell them who he was, what he had done in Macon and Birmingham, and what he proposed to do here.
She soared over the new pastor like an avenging angel lest he stray from the path and not know all the truth and gossip of which she was chief repository.
The children had nowhere to go and no place to play, not even sidewalks.
One of the leading members of the Amen corner was cook;
some were trash dumps, some had flower gardens.
The Presiding Elder was sure that that would be impossible.
It had been here fifty years.
Now, if I were you I would just plan to repair the old church so it would last for five or ten years.
"No", said Wilson, "I don't.
This, of course, was the sort of thing that used to take place in Southern cities -- putting white houses of prostitution with colored girls in colored neighborhoods and carrying them on openly.
There was a fog, which increased the darkness of the night.
Now it would have another death.
For a moment the hall confused him.
He knew that in this mood he could not be stopped.
Panting a little, Payne shook his head.
It was the first blow that was always difficult.
From childhood he had known all about knives.
He would not have wanted to hurt a lady.
One always wakes up, even from one's own dreams.
An open field was better than a building, that was for sure, so he dismounted, turned off the horse, and plunged through the grass.
On a stage he always knew what to do, and tonight, to judge by the applause, he must be doing it better than usual.
Laura Keene had been in the green room.
Meanwhile it looked at the scenery.
Behind him billowed a small pungent cloud of smoke.
This figure looked like the slave dealer from that.
Clara Harris, one of the guests in the box, stood up and demanded water.
It was not exactly panic they gave way to, but they could not just sit there.
There was a little blood on the hem of her dress, for the assassin had slashed Miss Harris's companion, Major Rathbone, with a knife.
The stranger leered.
He could feel his own feet, iron-shod, striking repeatedly until the body was limp.
his fists clutched so tightly that his knuckles hurt.
He was safe in his Mama's arms.
The room vibrated as if a giant hand had rocked it.
A fresh breeze saluted him.
"They say that our steeple is one hundred and sixty-two feet high.
The Catholics had the largest cemetery, near the Neversink River where Main Street ran south;
"We have nine hundred and eleven members in our charge", Mama announced, "and three hundred and eighty Sunday-school scholars".
Where Cuddleback Brook purled into the Neversink was a magnificent swimming hole.
"Not me"!
Stevie was constantly slipping into the church.
"It's time you began to think on God, Stephen.
Not George, Townley, or Ted, certainly not Ludie.
He must not fail to hear it.
barrels tumbled down the mountainsides, and bounced and bounced till their own fury split them open.
If there was a fire or a flood he would save Mama first and Violet next.
He trailed Ludie to the baseball game in the lot on Kingston Street near the Dutch Reformed.
He came home overheated, ran straight to the ice-chest, and gulped shivery cold water.
A tall lady, with a ruffled collar very low on her bosom, turned insolent green eyes upon him.
It's those two fucken niggers!
Man, how I love nigger pussy!
Sonuvabitch, I can't figure out what in hell for they went and put niggers in my squad for.
I was the first to get my squad on the ball, and anybody thinkin it was easy is pretty damn dumb.
Clean the place up.
It always came on, faithfully, just like a radio or juke box, whenever he started to worry too much about something, when the bad things tried to push their way into him.
Lousy Reactionary bastards been tryin to fuck up the Program for months.
He would!
"Bastards", he said aloud, spitting on them.
He was trembling, a strange feeling upon him, fully expecting some catastrophe to strike him dead on the spot.
He is good.
It is plain as hell Johnson is no reactionary.
Like a particle drawn to a magnet he returned to that which was pressing so hard in his mind.
The snow was tumbling down furiously now.
He was again tingling with pleasure, seeing himself clearly in Slater's shoes.
"Boy, you're stirrin early", a sleepy voice said.
That's Brown's trouble.
Coughlin grinned, feeling supremely on top of things.
There was a hell of a noise this time of morning.
Then he was asking himself the usual early morning questions: What the Hell am I doin here?
"Don't Christsake me, buddy!
That's a good one.
If I hafta do this to stay alive by God I'll do it.
But he was not.
"You must be a very learned man", says Voltaire to one of the bandits.
When finally the two bedraggled men reach their friend's home, Voltaire's fears are once again aroused.
How, for example, could a Voltaire understand the strange predicament in which a Rousseau would find himself when, soon after the furor of his first Discourse, he acquired still another title to fame?
"Put a few such songs together", they urged him.
That after all his years of effort to become a composer, he should now, now when he was still stoutly replying to the critics of his Discourse on the Arts and Sciences, be so close to a success in music and have to reject it.
For it was Rameau's type of music that he had been trying to write, and that he couldn't write.
The ladies especially couldn't understand what troubled him.
But he recalled that Rameau had once had a private performance of his opera Armide, behind closed doors, just for himself alone.
And how anxious this lover of obscurity was for applause!
And I was certain he would refuse".
And listening to such a conversation one morning while taking a cup of chocolate in a cafe, Rousseau found himself bathed in perspiration, trembling lest his authorship become known, and at the same time dreaming of the startling effect he would make if he should proclaim himself suddenly as the composer.
"You haven't dressed for the occasion"!
Since I am the composer"!
And fashion is the real king here.
It was the first time any of us had laughed since the morning began.
As for this rider, I never saw him before or afterwards and never saw him dismounted, so whether he stood tall or short in his shoes, I can't say;
The gunfire, which was so near that it seemed just a piece up the road now, stopped for long enough to count to twenty;
but this grinning, broken head, not ten feet away from me, was the sharp definition of what my reality had become.
Rank after rank of them came down the road, and the faces were all the same, and they walked in a sea of dust.
In the course of this, they had fired on us;
A dozen cows mooed sadly and regarded us as if we were insane, as perhaps we were at that moment, with the crazy excitement of our first encounter, the yelling and shooting still continuing up at the road, and the thirst of some of the men, which was so great that they waded into the muddy water and scooped up handfuls of it.
Cousin Joshua and some others felt that we should march toward Lexington and take up new positions ahead of the slow-moving British column, but another group maintained that we should stick to this spot and this section of road.
Cousin Joshua Dover decided to remain with the Reverend and poor Isaac Pitt until life passed away -- and he was hurt so badly he did not seem for long in this world.
"God's name, what are you to rob the dead with the fight going on"!
John's first impulse was to denounce their blasphemy.
John's reply was like a declaration of war.
"Do not listen to that Frenchman.
Burial had taken place at night in the ground at the public crossroads under the gibbet, so that his enemies could not find his body and have it dug up and burned.
Snow buried the streets and covered the slanting rooftops, as John trudged toward St. Peter's.
Underneath the big one, in the silent moonlight, lay a dead pigeon, and on the smaller bell, the Clemence, two gray and white birds slept huddled together in the cold winter air.
Indigestion plagued him.
Geneva, instead of becoming the City of God, as John had dreamed, had in the two years since he had been there, continued to be a godless place where all manner of vice flourished.
Monsieur Favre's threat would become a reality, for he continued to proclaim loudly that the city must rid itself of "that Frenchman".
John stood above him, his face ashen.
"What will be the subject"?
"If William agrees, we should insist on a public debate", he said at length.
"What was your reply to that"?
A rowdy with a big blob of a nose roared.
"Let him be now"!
There was, of course, no real need to rearrange everything.
He wondered if it wore the old anxiety, or the old, taut stoicism.
The chimney of the hut across from him was surmounted by a beef barrel with ends knocked out.
Once covertly looking at Simms Purdew, the only man in the world whom he hated, he had seen the heavy, slack, bestubbled jaw open and close to emit the cruel, obscene banter, and had seen the pale-blue eyes go watery with whisky and merriment, and suddenly he was not seeing the face of that vile creature.
He saw the sign above the door of the hut: home sweet home.
With enormous interest, Adam watched his hands as they touched and shifted the objects on the board directly before him.
Then the figure moved on.
Looking down the street after her, Adam saw that she had again stopped and again removed one hand from the basket.
"What's the matter with me"?
His mind closed on that prospect, as though fog had descended to blot out a valley.
That other Jew, a young man too, had left that greatcoat behind, in a rich house, and marched away.
He felt the sweetness of pity flood through him, veining his very flesh.
A pot was boiling on the coals.
"Gre't big fat chicken, yeah".
It is salt po'k and skippers.
"Chicken", Mose said.
She lost not a second, picking herself up and continuing her pilgrimage to Laura.
She admired him.
The heat intensified on Tuesday.
Sergeant Moll understood.
When the parents emerged from the bedroom a few minutes later, the maid greeted them quietly.
He asked.
Too bad your number is in the directory".
Before that, he wanted to talk to the neighbors.
However, the litter remained, augmented by several dozen lunchroom suppers.
a gross boy in his teens, shuffling in from the kitchen with a sandwich in his hands;
The Skopas people seemed to him of that breed of human beings whose insularity frees them from tragedy.
There remained a family named Kahler, owners of a two-story Tudor-style house on the south side of the Andrus home.
"Funny thing", Mr. Kahler said, when they were seated, "when I heard you ringing, I figured it was that guy down the block, Hausman".
In the dim underwater light they dressed and straightened up the room, and then they went across the hall to the kitchen.
In their search for what turned out to be the right breakfast china but the wrong table silver, they opened every cupboard door in the kitchen and pantry.
Stirring, he said: "I am sorry that my work prevents me from doing anything with you today".
They passed the marmalade, the bread, the black-market butter, back and forth.
Between the telephone and the wall plug there was sixty feet of cord, and when the conversation came to an end, Eugene carried the instrument with him the whole length of the apartment, to his bathroom, where it rang three more times while he was shaving and in the tub.
A young woman who looked like Alix, with her two children.
The curtains were of the same material, and there were some big oil paintings -- portraits in the style of Lancret and Boucher.
He tried the doors of the bookcase.
He waited until they were inside the elevator and then said: "Now what do we do"?
it took them over an hour to get back to the station where they should have changed, in order to take the line that went to the Place Redoute.
"I know, but there must be some other explanation.
He reached out and felt the bath towel hanging on the towel rack over the tub.
"There's a big boat anchored near the Place De La Concorde, with a swimming pool in it -- didn't you notice it?
"Then what was it"?
They took Jesus's body, then, and wrapped it in winding-clothes with the spices;
They would feel what Mary was undergoing.
Mary would have to carry the human communication.
Discovering that draperies could be designed to serve structural purposes, he began a study of the anatomy of folds.
The colony had been small until the Spanish Inquisition of 1492 drove many Jews into Rome.
"But, Rabbi Melzi, you don't object to others creating works of art"?
"Workmen.
Michelangelo bought some scrap lumber.
Though this sculpture must take place thirty-three years after her moment of decision, he could not conceive of her as a woman in her mid-fifties, old, wrinkled, broken in body and face by labor or worry.
Soon he was ready to go into a three-dimensional figure in clay.
too careful or detailed studies in clay and wax would have glued him down to a mere enlarging of his model.
Scrub the studio once a week.
On Sundays he would walk miles into the campagna to visit with them, and in particular to see their horses.
But it would not come.
The thin legs twitched convulsively once, then Kate felt the little body stiffening in her arms and heard one strangled sound.
"Trouble never comes but in threes".
Joel came and sat mutely with her, sharing her pain and anguish, averting his eyes from the ice packs on her bosom.
Joel worked like a field hand in the afternoons after school.
"Everybody knows I'm just a harmless, deaf old man who takes to drink.
She was taken up in worry for the reckless old man.
No one went much to the crossroads now except Uncle Randolph.
After he had gone, Kate asked Uncle Randolph proudly, "Would you take their oath"?
In the next few days they had cause to rejoice.
She remembered McClellan's last proclamation as she hurried fearfully down the stairs.
"Where will you go now that you're leaving Parkersburg"?
"Stay here in the parlor where it's cool", she said, trying to be calm.
He knows me as your niece, which, of course, I am.
They slept -- Mynheer with a marvelously high-pitched snoring, the damn seahorse ivory teeth watching him from a bedside table.
Peter, you lummox, you've forgot to order the musicians".
Now, driving the horse and sulky borrowed from Mynheer Schuyler, he felt as if every bone was topped by burning oil and that every muscle was ready to dissolve into jelly and leave his big body helpless and unable to move.
Ahead there was a stirring of sudden movement at a crossroads.
The horse shied at the dreadful thing and flared its nostrils.
From there it looked across at Westchester County and the Hudson River where the manor houses, estates, and big farms of the original (non-Indian) landowners began.
These were the ships of His Majesty's Navy, herding the hulks of the East Indies merchants and the yachts and ketches of the loyalists.
Along Wappinger Creek in Dutchess County, past the white church at Fishkill, past Verplanck's Point on the east bank of the Hudson, to the white salt-crusted roads of the Long Island Rockaways there was a watching and an activity of preparing for something explosive to happen.
Pensive, introspective, he ached.
David Cortlandt had certain psychic intuitions that this rebellion was not wholly what it appeared on the surface.
No doubt John Hancock would do well now;
It is harder, he muttered, to meditate on man (or woman) than on God.
A man could be tossed outside the dimension of time by a stray bullet these days.
Had he found the meaning too late?
This is our singular goal.
And now Andrei sat on a train on the way to Lublin and wondered if he was not being punished for his lack of belief.
He ground his teeth together.
Deportees.
He and Ana watched it carefully.
A tale of a massive reservation in the Uplands to hold several million Jews A tale of a plan to ship all Jews to the island of Madagascar Stories of the depravity of the guards at Globocnik's camps struck a chord of terror at the mere mention of their names.
Was Operation Reinhard the same pattern for the daily trains now leaving the Umschlagplatz in Warsaw?
"I have been waiting across the street at the post office since dawn.
"I'm lucky that you were still living in Lublin".
I came to Warsaw twice, but there was that damned ghetto wall"
"Can he be trusted"?
"Do you really believe that, Jan"?
The men of our company had a dozen fights defending your name.
All I ever wanted was to be a free man in my own country.
Grabski sat in a sweat-saturated undershirt, cursing the excessive heat which clamped an uneasy stillness before sundown.
He can make you work papers.
Andrei shrugged.
She was getting real dramatic.
It was the call of the wild all right.
She got so drunk I had to take her home.
"Precious and I allow each other absolute freedom.
After all I'm made of flesh and blood.
Honest I could feel the hair stand up on the back of my neck like a dog's that is going to get into a fight.
If you want to fight, go down on the sidewalk".
I wrote her that I'd met up with Eileen and that old bonds had proved too strong and asked her to send my clothes down by express.
I use the phrase advisedly because there was something positively indecent about our relationship.
Precious had me worried.
"Connections" was all he would say with that smooth hurt smile when I put leading questions.
We still had that much in common.
Those O'Dwyers had that Irish clannishness that made them stick together in spite of politics and everything.
"But brother I can't take a job right now", she said with her eyes on her ice cream, "I'm going to have a baby, Francis Xavier's baby, my own husband's baby".
The portwatchers were retired longshoremen and small time seafarers off towboats and barges who acted as watchmen on the wharves.
The things a man will do for a woman.
He sighed.
he was to try to make no converts;
Putting the pieces of this mosaic together, Rector had the vague outlines of a biography.
He was even more startled when he heard what Kayabashi wanted.
"I will be expecting them".
Kayabashi must feel fairly certain of his victory in order to make a visit like this, a trip which could be so easily misinterpreted by the people in the village.
Rector said.
He said.
"I'll try".
"No, sir", Johnson said.
Rector was warming to his over-all strategy by the time he got back to the residential hall.
The fish took the bait.
On Thursday evening we may go out of town together by some stage or mail about the distance of ten or twelve miles.
She had never sung better.
The casual seduction of a seventeen-year-old bluestocking seemed tame by comparison.
No, she would not pretend modesty, but neither must she be crudely bold.
"We found some owls had built a nest in the chimney, milord, but I promise you you'll never have trouble of that sort again".
"Mars and Venus, Bacchus and Ariadne, Jupiter and Io, Byron and the nymph of the owl's nest.
"Very well", she said, "I'll not catechize you.
then, to better purpose, he took hold of the knot and with dextrous fingers, untied it.
By odd coincidence, on the evening of her return Shelley chose to read Parisina, which was the latest of the titled poet's successes.
"I promised him I wouldn't".
Only Mary's praise sustained him in his disappointment.
I am sure he is in raptures".
The previous scandals, gaily diverting as they were, had only served to increase his popularity.
He would remain in the tent, waiting impatiently, occupied by some trivial task.
Get busy.
Two slits enabled observers to watch across the river.
An officer with a squad of men had been waiting on the bank.
He wanted no part of the emotions of the exchange, no memory of the joy and gratitude that other men felt.
He had acknowledged the man.
Why had he crossed the dark water, to bring back a group of reclaimed soldiers or to skulk in a foul-smelling hole?
The figure in the corner belched loudly, a deep, liquid eruption.
A soldier held the end of a frayed rope.
The crawling men tried to rise and fell again.
Watson looked for the fourth man.
If only there was a clock for him to crawl against.
Watson gesticulated wildly.
Light sticks of fingers, the tips gummy with dark earth, patted at Watson's throat.
-- You talk deep.
The man leaned his frail body against Watson's shoulder.
Watson supported the man to the edge of the bank and passed the frail figure over the bow of the nearest skiff.
The men mewed and scratched, begging to be taken away.
Yes.
What had he thought of, to go to John, grovel and beg understanding?
Watson spat on the ground.
It would have been like her.
Bomb Berlin!
Mrs. Pastern had been given sixteen names, a bundle of literature, and a printed book of receipts.
Mrs. Pastern undertook the work of going from house to house with the thoughtless resignation of an honest and traditional laborer.
"I got a hundred and sixty dollars for the hepatitis fund", she said excitedly when he walked in.
The name encouraged him, because he always felt that he could handle the Irish.
Won't you step into the living room, where it's cozier"?
"Mr. Flannagan is away", she said.
Mr. Flannagan manufactured plastic tongue depressors.
"
"I've never done this before", they always said, waiting for the elevator in the hotel corridor.
Charlie ate some supper in the kitchen and went into the TV room to hear the news.
His money was tied up in a Nassau hotel, an Ohio pottery works, and a detergent for window-washing, and luck had been running against him.
Her thoughts were not discrete.
You may stay as long as you wish, of course, but if arranging for the care of the girls must take time into account, I think a day or two should be enough to finish our business in".
Her voice was ripe and full and her teeth flashed again in Sicilian brilliance before the warm curved lips met and her mouth settled in repose.
The name fell with lazy affectionate remembrance from her lips.
And indeed the young garden beans were brackish in her mouth.
The girl, her first, she barely remembered.
He saw the land with a stranger's eyes, all the old familiarness gone.
The old woman, stubbornly reigning in the house above the crashing waters took on an ominous reality.
"She didn't mention bringing Myra", Mark said, maneuvering the car into the next lane.
He could tell they were approaching the sea.
They seemed then to have had a single mind and body, a mutuality which had been accepted with the fact of their youth, casually.
Oh he'd not care about the Pedersen kid.
I shook him a little harder and made some noise.
"Get the hell out of here".
"He found the Pedersen kid by the crib".
The kid".
The kid" --
Find out something.
They curled around the cuff of his nightshirt.
He was beginning to see he was too mad to sleep.
Hans had laid steaming towels over the kid's chest and stomach.
Did you ask him about the whisky"?
Pa's scared to hell of axes".
He don't care at all, and I don't care to get my head busted neither.
"I'll get the spirits", Ma said.
Hans shook his head but neither of us tried to stop her.
There was no way of getting even.
He knew we were looking and he enjoyed it.
I guess fooling Hans and me took doing.
That's why I only put towels on his chest and belly.
"Come on, Jorge".
He'll choke".
He was cold all right.
it was always the same unqualified success now.
Bicycle gear-sets he had once used as the basis of the design for the Camden Cycly Company plant hung on a rope in one corner, and over his desk, next to several old and dusty hats, was a clean pair of roller skates which he occasionally used up and down in front of his house.
But he was too busy to hear what she was saying.
And she was made to fall in love with him again there in the rutted dirt driveway standing in the cold fog, mad as she was at his going away when he really didn't have to, mad at their both having got older in a life that seemed to have taken no more than a week to go by.
To the stump of a tree as he passed it, the same stump which had impaled the car of many a guest in the past thirty years and which he refused to have removed.
Now she could let out the three parakeets without fear they would be stepped on or that Stowey would let them out one of the doors;
She knew she was feeling afraid and inwardly laughed at herself.
So Linda Kay gave up asking, and accepted her reprieve.
Four or five of the cousins from East Texas were about his age, so naturally they ran around together.
There was not anything she could do there, but that was where everyone was, or would be.
The dust clogged their throats, and the heat parched them, so that the women were always making ice water.
"And how is she"?
She felt the look and looked back because she could not help it, seeing that he was neither as old nor as thick as she had at first believed.
thought for the longest he was a tumor".
Thirty-five, I guess.
Linda Kay asked.
Finally he said, "Tell me about yourself", and Linda Kay told him, because she thought herself that she had had an interesting life.
Of course he couldn't say much, really, because of Debora, but Linda Kay could imagine what kind of woman his wife had been and what a raw deal he had got.
Linda Kay told him he couldn't do anything like that with his Grandma dying, and he said well they had to eat, didn't they, they weren't all dying.
There were not many chairs, so that some preferred to sit on the edge of the porch, resting their feet on the ground, and others liked to sit where they could lean back against the wall.
he had helped fight an oil-well fire that raged six days and nights.
in an instant the doctor was stalking across the room with an antique ledger in his hands, thoroughly eared and big as a table top.
A knocking at Alex's door roused him at six o'clock the following morning.
The purchase was effected and they made their way towards the hotel again, the hen, with whom some sort of communication had been set up, nestling in the doctor's arms.
Their hostess enquired.
One part of her audience was totally engaged, the connoisseur witnessing a peculiarly fine performance of some ancient classic, the other part, the guest of the connoisseur, attentive as one who must take an intelligent interest in that which he does not fully understand.
"That was the fille de chambre, the one you thought couldn't get the eggs out.
they climbed the stairs which creaked, very loudly to their sensitive ears, and reached the next floor.
The doctor shot down to the lavatory and turned the doorknob, but to no effect: the lavatory was occupied.
The two men sat for some time, savoring the pleasure of escape from peril and the relief such escape brings, before they got up and left the hotel, the doctor to go to the conference house and Alex to go to the main post office.
"Why, Winston", she'd cry, "I just now saw you eating it out of the jar"!
Leona"!
fine hand.
"Now listen to that".
She sounded as though they already existed.
Too many times was the truth of it, Winston thought.
She was too young, that was all;
There were a few blades of lint on the shoulder.
When he was going to town, nothing was good enough -- he had cursed at Winston once for leaving a fleck of polish on his shoelace.
For the first time, he be sad about the move.
She had had a dignity about her, even barefoot and almost too tan.
Sighing, he hurried to the living room.
she had on her Easter suit, blue, with lavender binding.
When they came to Mr. Jack's photograph, twenty by twelve inches in a curly silver frame, Miss Ada said, "By rights I ought to leave that, seeing he won't take my clotheshorse".
Leave that fool picture out", she added sharply.
"Tell me what to get her for Christmas".
"How do you like it"?
I look like an old man, compared", and he had picked up his photograph with the red Christmas bow still on it.
All I want is a picture -- with a few lines.
But that year was different, for just as the city, in the form of my street clothes, had intruded upon my mountain nights, so an essential part of the summer gave promise of continuing into the fall: Jessica and I, about to be separated not by a mere footbridge or messhall kitchen but by the immense obstacle of residing in cruelly distant boroughs, had agreed to correspond.
For many nights afterward, the idea of her having been so close to me in that imagined bed would return and fill me with obscure and painful desires, would cause me to lie awake in shame, tossing with irresolution, longing to fall into a deep sleep.
Yet a moment did come that night when the adventurous letter writer and fantasist seemed to stride off my flashy pages, out of my mind, and plant himself in reality.
But though I boasted and gave off a dapper front, I was beneath it all frightened.
Her optimism gave me heart.
I felt superior to the neighborhood friends I was leaving behind, felt older than my years, and was full of compliments for myself as I headed into the subway that was carrying its packs of passengers out of that dull borough and into the unstable, tantalizing excitement of Manhattan.
Where were they all walking to?
Its thick, substantial outline calmed me.
An interne, a nurse and two attendants were in charge of us.
"I read those newspaper stories about you", she had said.
"Would it make any difference to you if I were, Mary Jane"?
You don't believe that I'm going back to medical school and finish, do you"?
I asked.
They even pay me six dollars a month.
I have no one but myself to worry about".
I'll bet he wouldn't be pleased if a rumdum like me were to ask his daughter for a date -- I mean, after I'm out of the hospital, a month or so from now".
I can say this: I'm dead serious about going back to school.
It was just that she felt deeply about every patient on the ward and wanted to believe that they might benefit from their treatment there.
a figment of Carl Anderson's imagination.
Out of the entire cast I alone received good notices for my portrayal of a psychopathic killer.
I closed the last bag and stood all three at the door for the bellboy to pick up, then went to the bathroom for a drink of water.
Could you possibly have lunch with him today?
He had just returned my change when the doorman came in off the street to page me.
The Oldsmobile with the license number JYJ 114 was in stall number five.
Can you find it all right"?
You want to sit down.
one here and one that's out quite a ways where there's usually curb parking".
"Make it as snappy as you can, will you"?
By the time I'd made it he was gone.
That meant he'd parked someplace.
I circled the block and found he was in the parking lot of a high-class restaurant.
Ninety-nine times out of a hundred the motel manager doesn't check the license number on the plates against the license number the tenant writes out.
"If you expect her to show up", she said, "you'd better put'and wife'on there.
I took another sidelong glance at the other registration card, then took the key to Unit 13 that she had given me and went down long enough to park the car.
I had noticed a drive-in down the road a quarter of a mile.
"There may not be any women left", I said.
I reached over and switched off the electronic bugging device.
"How much overweight is she"?
"-- it says police right on the door".
Roberta glanced up at her husband.
Slowly she turned to face the men again.
The thin man moved swiftly to the phone and dialed a number.
You ain't kidding me -- the kid don't know the name of this town"?
Grosse muttered, his head down, one hand playing with the zipper on his jacket.
Grosse quietly got a broom and started to sweep up the sugar.
She thinks she's in a ordinary garage".
He ran a finger down his cheek, tracing the scratch there.
Just get her where Guardino won't see her and start asking questions".
His voice lost its sullen tones and he chuckled.
Lauren Landis rubbed her face against the blanket.
Although she found she was thirsty, she was about to refuse (never, never take candy from a strange man) when she saw the bottle was unopened.
She said, "Barney, why is he keeping me here"?
Lauren said, "Please"?
Tears?
Her mother would be fast asleep curled up against that wonderful, big, safe, solid shoulder next to her on the front seat.
Roberta was violently trembling.
Suppose Lauren comes looking for us?
He had driven the car that passed them on the road outside Admassy's place.
He avoided showing any surprise or annoyance when no one answered him.
They piled into the waiting cars, motors roared, the cars sped off.
There were other farmhouses nearby.
Marty faced east and started walking down the left side of the road.
Even the eyes of the smallest children seemed malicious.
The fencing by the roadside ended.
That had only been a ruse to lure him out on the deserted road.
They bore down on him.
And then the station wagon and the Ford would seek him out again.
There was even a bare chance that the phone had not been disconnected.
You could not stand on dignity when you were soaked and muddied and your life was at stake.
They had timed it better this time.
He forced himself to stay frozen there.
And then he heard a car coming from the east, and he felt as if he would break down and weep.
There was someone in front with the sheriff.
When it was finally pointed east, he said, "You should never have come out here alone.
Shayne looked at his watch.
"Where"?
That is, maybe not too much of a lady.
If it was designed to put me on the spot, it would have to have been written before Peralta ever called me in on the case".
There was a small, neon-lighted restaurant and cocktail lounge on the southeast corner of the intersection as he turned into the quiet, palm-lined street where most of the houses on both sides were older two-story mansions, now cut up into furnished rooms and housekeeping apartments.
"
Unless I'm crazy as hell, they're two of Painter's dicks.
On Felice Perrin.
As soon as you find out if they are Geely and Harris, come on around to the lounge where I'll be waiting".
The reporter nodded as he moved up beside him at the bar.
Then hang up fast and come walking on down to the Perrin address.
As the detective slid it into his pocket, Rourke asked sadly, "What in hell are you going to do, Mike"?
The big, paunchy man named Geely was on that side, half-turned in the seat toward his hatchet-faced companion so that his back partially rested against the closed door.
He turned, then, to look toward the lighted Boulevard, and saw Rourke's tall, emaciated figure come out of the lounge and hurriedly start to angle across the street toward the opposite side.
A row of mailboxes along the wall had numbers and names on them.
He glanced up in time to see Roberts hurtling down on him from above, literally flying through the air, his bloody face twisted.
He rose stiffly, forcing his knees to lock.
They were eight feet apart when Roberts cleared the last step.
They moved in a series of rhythmic fits and starts, a macabre dance -- two steps back, two steps forward, two steps back.
Then Roberts was on him, gasping for breath and for a couple of seconds Mickey lost sight of the blade.
He fell on his side across the lowest step, rolled over once, then lay still.
There's no way to take him in now and keep those other two -- Wister and the one who hired the two of them -- from finding out about Roberts and lamming out.
He climbed the stairs, went into Roberts'room, found a suitcase and packed as much into it as he could.
He was mildly surprised to find it was snowing.
He got it onto his shoulder after some work and carried it outside and down to the Jeep.
When the dust settled, he went back to the Jeep and carefully worked Roberts'body onto his shoulder.
It was a bad place for Roberts to wind up, but Roberts had asked for it.
Deep enough, he decided.
In the garage he checked the Jeep for signs of the use he had made of it.
Jeb cautioned him not to be too hopeful and then, ignoring his own advice, said excitedly, "But it does sound good.
He figured his best bet was a call on the sheriff.
"Maybe the society editor would remember a good-looking out-of-town bride".
He stood up.
From Baton Rouge.
"Never mind.
He said vaguely, "Well, it is a little legal matter, but nothing like that".
It latches when you close it, so stay as long as you like".
"They're all here, back to 1865", Carruthers told him.
It was, indeed, all here -- almost a century.
It told him little more than Mrs. Calhoun had remembered, stating that it had been a small, modest wedding compared to some of the others.
The item said Mr. and Mrs. Black had moved to Jackson, his home town -- so the lovely Lisa had been with him a year ago.
It clanged shut as he sprang toward it.
Whoever it was had meant to shut him up in here, had followed him and waited till the courthouse and square were deserted.
Gaylor's obsession and Cunningham's chimera-chasing reminiscences had mesmerized him into thinking of Lila and Lilac, separately or together, as a legend.
"Not too much time, because I'll be needing some more myself pretty much right away.
"Big favor I done you.
Mr. Skyros was not a man who thought very much about moral principles;
And Mr. Skyros didn't like Angie, but what with Prettyman and three of his boys inside, and not likely to come out -- And Angie such a valuable salesman, Prettyman said -- All the nuisance and danger of getting in touch with practically a whole new bunch of boys -- Why did everything have to happen at once?
Of course, there was another factor.
I don't know if I can manage it tonight or tomorrow, but I'll try my best, my friend.
About nine o'clock, I call and see if you got any.
"Standard deal, Mr. Skyros.
An ace of spades.
This kind of place
Then on Monday morning -- or it might have to be Tuesday -- get up and leave just the usual time, and last thing, put the money in an envelope under the old woman's purse there in the drawer.
"You've give me the wrong change", said the customer sharply.
already the thermometer stood close to ninety.
"A lot of people are so peculiar that they don't like cats, it's not the easiest thing in the world to find good homes for kittens -- and, damn it, you know very well if I have them around long, impossible to give them away!
But she was talking of Emile when she saw the black line of the open door;
"It's -- cold".
"I don't know Mrs. Stowe.
She felt cold and hot, sticky and chilly at the same time.
He didn't even know that she was there.
She began to doubt whether there had been in fact a lethal dose of opium in the cup.
But before she left her room she dug into her big moire bag, took out the envelope holding her marriage contract and the wax seal had been broken.
And in all likelihood, by now, there was more than one person in the house who knew the terms of her marriage contract.
I don't know what we're going to do, Miss Sarah".
Sarah found the right key and unlocked the door.
Maude had said.
Yet Maude had suggested that Sarah return to New York.
"With boots on", Lolotte laughed softly.
"Take your cobbler's shop somewhere else.
Now why did I do that?
Glendora gave a gulp.
Speak to him again anyway.
"Black is Gilborn's best friend".
Conrad interrupted.
Conrad hung up and sat on the small telephone-booth bench, massaging his right leg.
As he walked, he tried to think.
Gilborn remembered Conrad's exact words.
She was his goal, she was his reason.
He crossed the lobby and rode up in the elevator lost in his own thoughts.
She was all he had, everything he had, everything he wanted.
Gilborn stood there for a long time.
Gilborn put on his coat again.
She wanted to be with him, to give him the comfort and companionship she knew he needed.
The dentist last night, for instance.
Stanley wasn't like that.
Her mother was already considerably concerned over her daughter's future.
And then, unexpectedly, Stanley made his announcement.
He hadn't come back for over two.
On the morning of Stanley's return, however, her strength left her.
To make it clearer he shifted to acting out, but with no change of manner, the killing of Rose Mallory.
He had retained his hat and his horn, and, whatever fun might still be going, he was ready to join it.
You still have your paper hat and you're wearing it, but then, it is an extraordinary paper hat and, in addition to anything else you may be, you are also the sculptor who created that most peculiar dame out in the back yard.
"The owner.
If Felix was still wearing the hat and carrying the horn because he'd forgotten about them, he now remembered.
He had only a fringe of hair and he wore it cropped short.
His eyes were clear.
"I try", Felix said blithely.
"In the present", Felix proclaimed.
It was ecstasy.
"That important"?
"Felix Grubb"?
The cops would gather up Connor and the foursome on the third floor and bring us those of them who would voluntarily submit to fingerprinting.
He flew about the place making these adjustments and it was obvious that what he was doing was the fruit of long experience.
Everything was orderly and it seemed to be arranged for the workman's comfort, convenience and efficiency.
But where?
Questions about the show tonight".
Hub shook his head so Andy told him not to bother.
Raymond Fox reported that the orchestra had hastily rehearsed "Cradle Song" in case it was needed.
They overflowed the parking lot, making progress by automobile difficult.
Andy's co-workers kept their distance, awed by the tragedy.
It's just barely possible with this crowd that the kidnapper wasn't able to get a table.
"They're going to louse me up good.
But it's such a long shot" --
"What you don't understand is that I'm asking for it now".
Bake cursed.
I guess nobody wants to pass out and miss anything".
Following him.
Within this framework, what followed was strained, even macabre.
Andy felt his heart thud heavily with relief.
"Lullaby and goodnight.
As the lights came up, Andy could see that a number of patrons were already on their way toward the exit.
"Bunch of damn jerks", Hub growled.
God knows how, but I got it.
His son watched until he got as far as the hall, almost out of sight, then hurried after.
"It's the truth".
You should have gone to work today,'stead of sneaking around spying on the Dronk house".
"Now they've gone, they didn't come back, and they didn't arrest that Dronk boy".
"I don't care.
"You'll just have to risk it.
"Then I'd better wait until five".
For a moment he thought of going into Crosson's office to explain that he had to leave, but there was now such a pain in his chest, such a pounding in his head, that he decided to let it go.
her motives were too blatant.
There had been nothing evil or dirty in his intentions.
He leaned on the wheel, clutching it, staring into the sunlight, and tried to bring order into his thoughts.
He came to a stretch of old orange groves, the trees dead, some of them uprooted, and then there was an outlying shopping area, and tract houses.
A new idea drifted in from nowhere.
Why, Holden said to himself, surprised at his own sudden insight, I'll bet some of those people who enter are just as happy as can be.
He went to the front door and opened it and looked in.
"No.
Worn through at the knees".
Holden noticed almost absently how she chewed, how the whole side of her cheek moved, a slab of fat that extended down into her neck.
"Begin to look like him now, would you say?
There was, of course, no special reason to believe that the man or woman they sought had stayed only overnight at the hotel.
-- to lunge anxiously through crowded streets to railroad stations and, at odd hours of night, drive from smaller stations to distant homes, probably through rain or, in November, something worse.
There was also the one salient question to ask, and ask widely: Did you notice anything out of the way?
Cases, say, for musical instruments?
Traces of oil on green tissue?
As reports dribbled in, William Weigand tossed them into the centrifuge which had become his head.
Try to forget motive for the moment.
He would have had ample time to go into a blind somewhere and wait his prey.
To be checked out further.
She had left the party early, pleading a headache.
call it retarded.
Here, too, the cause to hate lay well back in the years.
A man named Lars Simon, playwright-director, had expressed a wish that Anthony Payne drop dead.
Mullins?
Of four dark brown ears, one twitched slightly at this.
She might be firm.
Pam found she had no answers;
Don't pretend.
They don't, Mrs. Constable.
Much better to break a cellar window".
Although there was no doubt in my mind and we've been handling it as one I'm glad to have it made official".
Brain examined for thrombosis, clot or hemorrhage.
They discussed this possibility.
No one the Medfield police had questioned professed to know any more about him than about Johnston.
Promptly at one-thirty he entered Hohlbein and Garth's elegant suite of offices in Medfield's newest professional building.
He asked to see a copy of Mrs. Meeker's will.
At the time the will was drawn Mr. Hohlbein mentioned to me how mentally alert she seemed for her age, knowing just what changes she wanted made and so forth".
It would have been Hohlbein who handled her affairs.
to the Pecks, ten thousand each;
Mrs. Meeker had spent a small fortune on a search for him but had made no provision for him in her will if he should be found after her death, and had never mentioned his name to her lawyers.
No discrepancies or shortages had ever been found.
No doubt Mrs. Meeker had snubbed him many a time and he felt no grief over her passing.
He lived in an apartment house not over three or four years old, a reclaimed island of landscaped brick and glass on the fringe of the business district.
The inspector declined.
His rage had built up as he made his way here from the second floor, helped by the quantity of champagne he had consumed.
"Leigh, get a grip on yourself.
"No use, he won't come".
Tell him under no circumstances to trust the prime minister with Mahzeer".
Hoag looked terrified.
"Listen to me, Leigh.
He took several large swallows, recollected that Docherty had gone up another flight, and decided he would be wise to cover himself by finding him.
"Well"?
the prime minister knew who his enemy was here;
I'd like to talk to him".
in half an hour the reception would be over.
they would be going over papers Mahzeer had saved as excuse for just such a meeting.
Where was Muller waiting with the rifle?
With a cop patrolling the road Muller would have to be inside a building -- if he was here at all, and not waiting for the prime minister somewhere between this street and the terminal building at La Guardia Airport.
He had assumed that all these buildings had been divided into apartments, but this one, from a glance at the hall furnishings, was obviously still a functioning town house, and its owners were in residence;
The occupants of Apartment Number 3 were probably away for a few days, and not likely to return on a Friday.
he noted with a thrill of fear that the door moved under his touch.
He turned his head to the source of the disturbance and instantly back to the window and his rifle sight, dismissing Hoag for the moment with the same contempt he had shown in their encounter at Hoag's apartment.
The safe at Ingleside District Station stands next to the gum machine in a narrow passageway that leads to Captain Harris's office (to the left), the lieutenant's office (farther along and to the left) and the janitor's supply closet (straight ahead).
The lieutenant eyed Gun's reflection in the mirror over the washbowl and then glanced back at his own face, moving the comb methodically around his head.
Killpath pulled one thin leg up, clamping his arms around the shinbone to press his knee into an incredibly scrawny gut.
He rocked back in the chair, knee locked against stomach, his beady eyes fixed on Matson.
"I called the station at three this morning", Killpath's nasal voice pronounced.
"No, sir".
He stretched a pale hand out to the scattered papers on his desk.
"Well"?
But I'm not one damned bit sorry I went out to question the people I know in the places they hang around, and" --
"Sorry, Orville.
If the acting captain wanted his acting lieutenant to sit on his ass around the station all night, Killpath would just have to go out and drag Gun back by the heels once an hour;
It was professedly worth three thousand dollars in stock and good will, and the name was written in gold in foot-high letters across each of the two display windows.
That way I don't lose so much".
Since then he had worked at this and that, though some said his main interest was gambling.
"I've been after her for years", Needham said, "but I've never been able to get anywhere until the last few days".
"You wouldn't want me to say yes without making sure his intentions are honorable, would you"?
A taxi took him back to the bar and grill where he had left his car, and a few minutes later he found a parking place across the street from his apartment.
The discarded papers inside were sodden, there was a glint of liquid at the bottom, and the smell of whisky was strong and distinct.
He said: "The crazy fool", half aloud.
"Casey"?
"One of my boys".
His nerves were getting a little ragged and his impatience put an edge in his voice.
"You do that", Casey said.
And anyway Burton was not the kind of guy who would be likely to get in trouble even when he was drunk.
He had just finished unlacing the right one when the telephone rang again.
Others because they expected some sort of reward for the information.
Poet came in, raising his eyebrows appreciatively as he saw Elaine.
Nick watched her somewhat enviously as she efficiently cut the engines, and started the auxiliary motor.
No one had screamed.
The same taut-nerved relationship as there had been between the passengers on the plane now strained at the three of them here on the boat.
"They are the most efficient".
Eventually the bubbles became lost in the sparkle of the ocean surface, and he rolled over on his back.
Two to three weeks prior to the charter of the Virginia, Graham had been snooping around the San Luis Rey Mission.
Meanwhile, fishermen took advantage of them to pull up whoppers.
He asked.
His feet still hung over the stern of the transom, but as he reached for the smoke he raised them to swing them in.
Turning quickly toward Elaine, Nick saw that she, too, stood in shocked surprise.
"It's like banging a shin", he said, his eyes lingered on Nick's face, then moved back to Elaine.
At the same instant, Elaine screamed wildly, the sound ending abruptly as Nick went off the boat and into the water on top of the frantic, struggling Poet.
Something flailed at the side of Nick's head as they rolled around and around.
As if this was a signal, Poet abruptly began to thrash the water and the quick movement slowly made them sink through the water.
You sure climbed fast, Jed.
Man, when my 275 pounds and six-four comes along, why it's the same as another badge.
"Yeah, passed your road block as I drove in", I said, sitting on his polished desk.
"Come on, Inspector, look alive.
Who's"?
And before you say it, Nellie ain't near strong enough to have strangled Julia.
Pulling back the sheet, I examined the bruises around Julia Buck's once slender throat.
Walking back down Main Street, I said, "I saw the Harbor's one squad car at the road block, we'll ride out in my car".
She was also stone deaf in her right ear.
"Did you hear Tim return"?
"Didn't have no family -- around here.
Now they were empty, except for a cottage across the road.
Tim is a good man, hard working.
She shook her head.
I tried not to act scared.
I asked an old guy running a fishing station if the boat was Moore's.
For another moment we didn't talk, then she began to weep.
Take the same train Diana Beauclerk took and get there at the same time.
"For what"!
Reenact everything Beauclerk did.
And the key to the suite is still missing".
Stacy replied that it would bankrupt Forbes, who had just sunk all his money in a real estate venture.
When Alec finished reading he was sure that either Forbes or Stacy had killed Diana Beauclerk.
"It was 1105".
He always looked impertinent and he could look dangerous.
"Anybody with a contagious disease been in there"?
Either I get the story -- or I get the suite".
At the end of the corridor Alec noticed a door marked: Fire Stairs.
It had never been stained with blood.
If you want my advice, pack up and take the next train back to New York".
It was just quarter of nine.
It winked as steadily as a metronome -- on, off -- on, off.
For the sound was inside the room.
The shadow vanished.
Something heavy shook the floor as it dropped.
Alec promptly removed the gun.
"What are you doing here"?
The man opened his mouth, but no words came.
He was sharpening his razor.
His ghost is not laid.
So what I am trying to tell you is the'why'-- that is my point -- and that concerns the spirit of the matter.
There were no witch burnings here because everyone had a witch in the family.
And not one single dwelling left there, though once, in the early eighteenth century, there were close to a hundred houses.
Handley lived further on, at Pigeon Cove.
They'd come, separately, to Gloucester some twenty years ago -- there's always been an artists'colony somewhere on Cape Ann -- and each married here.
You see, besides being custodian of antiquities, I am also registrar.
(When you see him, you'll notice his habit of fingering, I might almost say, stroking a large mole with black hairs on it, by his right temple.
When I told him someone had torn it out, he shouted.
During the quarrel I learned what the trouble was, from the accusations each hurled at the other.
That battle scene, ridiculous as it was, remained in my mind.
By such touches the pattern takes shape.
In fact, he often disappeared, from time to time, -- off to paint the sea, aboard a dragger out from Gloucester.
Was the man drunk or crazy or both?
Brakes howled and a horn blared furiously, but the man would have been hit if Phil hadn't called out to him a second before.
It must have been the sort of look that can call a bluff without saying a word.
"Guess I can't think of anyone, Pete.
Go ahead and try me"!
When he looked up again, he seemed almost contented.
Pete smiled modestly.
He went back to work Monday.
Haney hoped that nobody noticed his sudden pallor, as he felt the blood drain from his cheeks.
So you thought I didn't mean what I said.
In fact, he had only mentioned him on the spur of the moment.
Was he going to be saddled from now on with a creep for a bar-buddy?
When he paused to moisten his throat, the stranger broke in.
"Oh yes.
But if he was the real thing, he could do something about Lolly.
"Yes, yes", he muttered impatiently.
I went through and down, into pitch darkness.
"You first", I said.
I took a short swallow from it myself and handed it to him.
I bought another pint of sherry and when we got back Pops let us in in the dark, put back the blanket and then lighted the candle again.
We'd heard the record together once.
There was a sound like the one you produce by flicking a watermelon with your finger, only louder, and Pops fell forward from the waist and then over sidewise.
That way we'll never know which of us really killed him and which was just the accomplice.
We straightened Pops up and I made sure there was no trace of a heartbeat.
Well maybe I'm exaggerating.
"Right.
"We can't take a chance on that.
We went once more over every point, then triple-checked.
An hour later we were back in my unpadded pad, killing what had been left of the second pint.
I was dead tired and slept soundly, as far as I know dreamlessly.
it was not quite six o'clock when we finished and Charlie said, "Well, I guess that's it.
A couple of hundred.
He grinned and clapped me on the shoulder.
Jubal's conversations coming and going -- Jubal's words troubled him most;
now he felt light and gay and clear-headed, ready for the many actions he saw spreading out before him.
Ben and Stinky went home an hour ago and people started going to bed".
It's plenty warm".
he was considerate of their weakness, once he learned of it.
"Mike, there's Mars.
"'Taught to grow'"?
Mike had not heard it;
Mike do you ever get homesick?
That was almost worse than the first time".
"Well I've been ready a long time -- goodness, we all have, but never mind, dear;
On Mars humans were building pressure domes for the male and female party that would arrive by next ship.
His chelas were required to assume the matsyendra posture dressed in hand-woven diapers while he read aloud from Rig-Veda and an assistant guru examined their purses in another room -- nothing was stolen;
Eternity is no time for recriminations.
You shouldn't have tried to.
If you need a Day off to calm down, duck over to the Muslim Paradise and take it.
Jubal deduced what had happened but did not know with whom -- and didn't want to inquire.
However, we sent a third vessel out, a much smaller and faster one than the first two.
"But it was inevitable!
Is!
So, forgive me, Sigmen, for the contrary-to-reality thoughts!
"You need a linguist"?
I am married".
"I volunteer", said Hal.
In southern Europe, between the Israeli Republics and the Icelandic-speaking peoples of northern Europe, was a thin but long stretch of territory called March.
But Mary would soon no longer be living there, for she would be notified in a few days that her husband had died in an accident while on a flight to Tahiti.
Yet, he told himself, this was the best way.
The gapt.
We seem to be bound by love;
Some time later, after a check had been made of all automatic equipment, the crew would join the others.
He had to study the recordings of the language of the chief nation of Ozagen, Siddo.
the sounds made by these organs were, therefore, dissimilar.
All the other parts of speech: nouns, pronouns, adjectives, adverbs, and conjunctions operated under the same system as the verbs.
The dice were cast.
Hesperus, you may speak".
And the major part of my mission to your nest is to make a treaty between your race and mine.
of a more alive time.
Jack felt a wave of complete elation, but in a second it had vanished without a trace.
but the United States and the Union of Soviet Socialist Republics nevertheless did eventually agree on an atomic bomb test ban, and a sort of provisional acceptance of each other's good intentions on this limited question.
It would be at once the most tentative and most final treaty that Earth had ever signed.
"Hesperus!
Jack scanned the skies, the boards, and the skies again.
The skiff was not heading for the nursery, however.
The skiff was headed for the very center of the nebula -- toward that place which, Jack knew now, could hold nothing less important than the very core of the Angel's life and religion.
If it was intentional, it was now also unnecessary;
First I've got to intercept my brothers before they get any deeper into trouble.
Of course.
he had been explaining all during the trip what he needed to make him feel like himself.
It seemed almost a magnification of the Galaxy itself, of the Milky Way, blown up by some master photographer.
"What will we need outside, Ryan"?
Think they're intelligent, maybe hostile"?
Me, I know the mind of an officer works in a strange and unfathomable manner".
They ignored the ladder down to the planet surface and, with only a glance at the seismological gauge to judge surface resistance, dropped to the ground.
It makes you wonder if this exploration business isn't all some big joke, and somebody has been everywhere before you even started".
Of course, that's not definite proof".
Any little dose of radiation might knock off these critters".
"And that is"?
Ekstrohm lay in his bunk and listened to the sounds of the night on Yancey-6 138.
But what was there to do?
Occasionally he fell into a waking, gritty-eyed stupor;
A man with insomnia had better avoid bad dreams of that kind if he knew what was good for him.
It took him a few seconds to put his thoughts in order, and then he got up from the bunk where he had been resting, sleeplessly.
All I know is that they are gone".
Ekstrohm demanded.
It fits the pattern of secrecy and stealth you've been involved in".
Look for them, will you?
"I wasn't planning on jumping you.
As she matured, more and more neural synapses would be adjusted to operate other mechanisms that went into the maintenance and running of a space ship.
And very, very few were lost when the final connection was made to the control panels of ship or industrial combine.
Helva's class was doing Fine Arts, a selective subject in her crowded program.
She instinctively regulated her "sight" until the skin lost its cratered look and the pores assumed normal proportions.
She instinctively sheered away from personal discussions but she filed the comment away for further meditation.
"You people don't have adjustable vision".
"Did they remember to program a sense of humor, as well, young lady"?
She would work out a method, by-passing her limitations, whereby she could sing.
She found herself able to sing any role and any song which struck her fancy.
Her brain and intelligence controlled every function from navigation to such loading as a scout ship of her class needed.
"Hello, anyone at home"?
The sudden solitude had lost its momentary charm and become oppressive.
Mercer spoke to her.
With one corner of his mind he knew that they were saying nothing, just expressing the euphoria of a drug so powerful that the known universe had forbidden it.
Maybe I will grow another head.
"Of course you can.
The Lady Da and the hand-covered woman stayed near him.
He knew all the events which could take place on Shayol.
"'A good morrow to you, my boy.
We all know what is going to happen.
A scene is just a part of a play.
It might have been several months.
Or was that after the torso and legs, waist to toe-tips, of the little girl which had grown from his side?
The bodies in the truck threshed and bawled without human speech when the dromozoa struck them.
Mercer turned away.
The Lady Da, naked in the dusty plain, waved a hospitable hand and showed that there was a place for him to sit beside her.
Her statement was a hope, not a truth in which they could believe.
Once, like you, I had one head, two hands, ten fingers on my hands.
The easiest thing would be to sell out to Al Budd and leave the country, but there was a stubborn streak in him that wouldn't allow it.
In any case, he had no intention of being caught asleep, so he carried his revolver in its holster on his hip and he took his Winchester with him and leaned it against the fence.
Reaching the house ahead of them, he waited with his Winchester in his hands.
"In the kitchen", he said.
He picked her up, sliding one hand under her shoulders, the other under her knees, and carried her into the house.
He stood looking down at her for a moment, wondering what could have reduced her to this condition.
"What are you doing here"?
"We didn't want town work", Jones said.
He dismissed the possibility at once.
"We'll work for our keep", the boy said eagerly.
He said, "I've got some supper ready".
She stared at him, her eyes wide as she thought about what he had said;
I'm usually a very strong woman, but I'm awfully tired".
When he saw the expression in her eyes, he knew he couldn't send them on.
You'll have to go to town to see the doc".
"That's my spare bedroom.
We haven't slept together since we started.
Gavin sank down again into his chair and began to rock.
"He stuck with me all these years.
I treated them fair"
I tried.
Clayton freed himself from the embrace and stepped back.
Clayton looped the reins in a knot over the veranda post and patted the warm flesh of his neck.
There's someone there I have to see.
Start out fresh, the two of us, like nothin had ever happened".
"I hate to leave my garden", Gavin said.
Clayton swung into the saddle and whacked the stallion's rump.
In vain his mind groped to reassemble the bones of the relationships he had sought so desperately, but they would not come to life.
They greeted the news angrily, as though they had been cheated of purpose.
Joe Purvis was thinking back many years.
"You're Gavin's son", Joe Purvis had said.
The boy jerked away.
The wind of their running was cold and wild, the horses were lathered and their manes streamed like stiff black pennants in the wind.
Now they were riding to kill him.
He had been carrying an Enfield rifle and a holstered navy cap-and-ball pistol.
"I never felt better in my life", Fiske blustered.
But it at least offered him a chance for living.
"Dean and myself will try to cut out horses to ride", he said.
He felt unutterably weary.
He snorted.
"I'm going to walk up to the horses, bold as brass, pretending I'm one of the guerrillas.
"Is that you, Bill"?
Mike swung the pistol in a savage backlash.
You'll have to try it alone".
Mike said frantically.
Take the pistol.
He darted inside the stockade and freed the horses there.
The guerrillas were running across the parade ground and through the rear gate in the wake of the departing horses.
A man was standing in the open door of the lighted orderly room a few yards to Mike's left, but he, too, suddenly made up his mind and went racing to join the confused activity at the east end of the stockade.
He looked at the looming hoods of the supply wagons, struck by a new inspiration.
Bullets began to snap past him.
Some tore entirely through the whipsawed post oak.
The guerrillas scattered for cover.
"Hurry!
"Run'em right into the spring!
"So it wasn't the earthquake that made him return to his village"!
He brushed past the clergyman and walked into the center of the camp.
God, what a world you people live in".
He did that with all the Nations.
And it's goin'to go on like this year after year until the white people take over this land".
For, unlike the Sioux and the Crows, the Aricaras are not great horsemen, nor are they aggressive like the savage Blackfeet.
Those little children.
the Rees undoubtedly would try to cut down as many of the animals as possible.
It was a relief when they finally came.
At first they were only feathers and dark indistinguishable faces and bodies, hunched over their horses'heads.
The circle came nearer and nearer.
He started to run but Oso's shot caught him on the wing.
Montero was shouting.
He was dead before he hit the ground.
I could see the blood running down his chest.
Our rolling volley swept most of the other riders from their mounts.
The ponies were almost uncontrollable.
Now under me I could see him for what he really was, a boy dressed up in streaks of paint.
"You could burn down this whole mountainside with a fire that size.
"I'm telling you.
I'm not leaving in the morning.
"You bought it"?
She had picked up the quirt and was twirling it around her wrist and smiling at him.
"It wouldn't matter to my father, and not to me.
Somebody might mistake you for a woman".
"I ought to" -- he said.
"She's not a man, mister", he said.
"You shouldn't be riding up here after dark, Judith", he said quietly.
He watched the half-breed as he turned silently.
Is there anything else you want to know"?
"Oh, no", he said, and he was without humor now.
Her hat had come off and fallen behind her shoulders, held by the string, and he could see her face more clearly than he had at any time before.
They lay a little too stiffly, with their eyes straining to stay closed.
He scrubbed absent-mindedly at the pans and reflected on how things had turned out.
Well, the grass was there, though in some places the ground was too steep for a cow to get to it.
They had the house cleaned up by noon, and Wilson sent the boy out to the meadow to bring in the horses.
He had spent two hours riding around the ranch that morning, and in broad daylight it was even less inviting than Judith Pierce had made it seem.
It took them an hour before they came to the first houses of Kelseyville.
Sometimes I was aware of people moving about in the darkness.
When the phone rang he answered it.
His hat (the cause of his baldness?
He would pick up the ringing phone with studied negligence, then bark into it with gruff importance.
Later I would remember what this pompous little man had told me about the worth of a ticket.
It was, I felt, possible that they were men who, having received no tickets for that day, had remained in the hall, to sleep perhaps, in the corners farthest removed from the counter with its overhead light.
I lived in a state of suspense because of it.
Large warehouses flanked the street on which the hall fronted.
I returned to the hall, despite my dislike for the clerk.
The big fans were going, drawing from the large room the remnants of stale smoke which drifted about in pale strata underneath the ceiling.
He was a man in his late forties, with graying hair, of medium height;
Begging my pardon, he must express his astonishment over seeing a person of my background applying at the hall.
To this effect I had already severed all connections which bound me to my former existence.
Barton caught the lighter man's shoulder and swung him around.
There was no chance.
They stared at him.
The man half-reached for the cord of the alarm bell.
No one hurried.
Kid Boyd was unusually silent, Rankin watchful, a few paces apart.
The murderer lifted his head.
But if they really hoped to succeed they needed professionals, men who knew how to use a gun against men, who would match the killers on the other side.
Carl Dill was neither a rancher nor a valley man.
They had spent a million dollars, carving in a road, putting up buildings, drilling their haulage tunnel.
Barton waited for a long moment, then asked the question which lay always uppermost in his mind.
How come"?
Barton stood up.
They'll be there waiting for you.
Let's ride".
The building was dwarfed by the scene outside.
Fat showed in loose rolls beneath the shirt.
He knew nothing about the man's history.
Apparently he bribed one of the guards.
The gunman nodded, slipping the picture into his breast pocket, saying nothing.
That mistake, she thought, had cost her dearly these past few days, and she wanted to avoid falling into any more of the traps that the mountain might set for her.
Slowly and thoughtfully, she slipped the ornament into the pocket of her slacks, moved down the stairs and out of the house.
The ground was covered with soft pine needles and the slope was gentle.
A few days ago, she would have thought such an expedition as this utterly ridiculous;
Unconcerned, indifferent, unmotivated, the forest was simply there -- fighting man's depredations with more abundant growth and man's follies with its own musical evening laughter.
His bright, daylight mind would whistle away such images;
It was a bold, dark castle of pine boughs that stood like a medieval fortress, eclipsing the sun and human time.
She looked around.
Not a breeze exactly, but a pocket of icy air that settled with a loathsome familiarity upon the deep confines of the grove, catching Pamela in a leering embrace.
clutched her throat and sucked up the moisture in her mouth so that her tongue was dry and hard and stuck to the roof of her mouth and her teeth were clenched together in the rigid fixture of her jaws.
She thrust forward through the shadows and the trees that resisted her and tried to fling her back.
But" --
Lord nodded agreeably.
He opened the door and got out.
Then he hunkered down on the heels of his handmade boots, peered into the orderly chaos of axle, shock absorber, and spring.
against the limitless background of sky and wasteland it was easy to confirm her analysis.
Just so darned sure of himself that he puts the Indian sign on everyone.
"Or maybe you just don't feel like a cigar"?
"Not a danged thing but rattlesnakes, so I reckon I'll get the boss rattler to help me".
He had to depend on himself, since he was invariably miles and hours away from others.
that is, to show no curiosity whatsoever.
McBride gave him his opportunity when he showed up in town with a pistol on his hip.
The deputy had forced him to by his manner of accosting him.
He was an honest man doing a hard job, and the implication that he was anything else was unbearable.
You do that or take you out a permit right now".
Now, Mis-ter McBride", said Lord, and he laid a firmly restraining hand on the field boss's arm.
No more could he defend himself against them.
McBride staggered into the street, flopped sprawling in the stinging dust.
Nothing unless
The rest of the crew offsaddled their mounts and turned them into the remuda.
Billie had unhitched the mules from both Tom Brannon's and his father's wagon.
But her mother would rebuke her if she mentioned it, and say that it was none of her concern.
Certainly, she wouldn't dare ask her father afterward.
Finally Hernandez said, "I could offer you advice, Tomas, but you wouldn't heed it".
"But after a time away from you.
I've got to take Danny away from Clayton before I lose him altogether.
Hank shook his head.
But I'm going to have my son".
Later, they'd heard the rumble of thunder and then, just outside Rockfork, they ran into rain.
The seventh man was Red Hogan, a wiry little puncher with a wild streak and a liking for hell-raising.
Red, come along.
But he felt no physical discomfort.
Macklin was the third man to come out, and he came unhurriedly.
Hogan gripped the lawman's other arm.
I won't" --
Brannon said.
He swore, and said, "All right.
Once the door was open, they crowded him inside the dark building.
The others followed Brannon inside.
The exception was an Iron Mountain settler named William Lewis.
He had received both first and second anonymous notices, and each time he had accused his neighbors of writing them.
"Just let me meet up with that damned bushwhackin'coward face-to-face"!
It took some time to locate Horn.
"Three shots in that fella'fore he hit the ground!
Even in the very area where the shooting had been done, cattle were still disappearing.
"My God, I'm shot"!
Once again, he shook his head, kept his face expressionless and his voice very calm, and had a strongly supported alibi ready.
Which would you be most scairt of -- a dry-gulchin'or a shoot-down"?
But there's one thing I never seen or heard of, one thing I just don't think there is, and that's a sportin'way o'killin'a man"!
The small half-heartedly tended fields of men who'd spent more time rustling cattle than farming were lying fallow.
)
The hands and their bosses saw him as a lone knight of the range, waging a dedicated crusade against a lawless new society that was threatening a beloved way of life.
"It's very simple.
Couldn't I just" -- His voice trailed off into silence.
Curt's visit to the livery stable had been merely a precaution in case anyone should be watching.
There was no lock on the door, only an iron hook which he unfastened.
He studied the problem for a few seconds and thought of a means by which it might be solved.
Curt doubted that any animal belonging to Jess would find much reassurance in its owner's voice.
He reached out to pull the door shut and fasten it with a sliding bolt.
Now turn around so I can see your face".
"No?
Pistol-whipping an unarmed man might come easy to someone like Jess, but Curt couldn't bring himself to do it.
Sweat bubbled out on Jess's swarthy face.
Jess stared at him without answering and let his hands fall to his sides.
Curt managed to duck beneath the man's flailing fist, and drove home a solid left to Jess's mid-section.
The tines broke off under Jess's twisting, and he swung the handle in an attempt to knock Curt's brains out.
Jess didn't seem too sure himself.
"He found out about you and Arbuckle talking.
We're going someplace".
You're coming along peacefully, or I'll put a bullet in your leg".
"Honey", he whispered.
So long as Sally's pa was coming out best on the haggle, Dan didn't feel the need of putting in his two-bits'worth.
He shouted.
"Me and you's trading hats so's you'll have something permanent to remember me by"!
I can see Dan.
Then, and only then, with the Jacksons and Dan as their true guests of honor, did the Harrows take time to catch up on the news.
"Not that it matters to me, being this far along".
She was glad, completely and unselfishly glad, to see that things were working out the right way for both Sally and Dan.
Already a few hardy folk from their own train were zealously chipping away at the register rocks, leaving their own records along with those made by the earlier trains.
"Shucks, Gran", they said almost in unison.
Dan asked Hez, who had limped back from his team to hold the notched-stick chair braces in place while his boys swung up the tailgate and tied it tight at the ends.
"Jackson recruited his critters, and him and me fixed up his wagon while we was waiting for you to catch up.
Before Harmony had a chance to reply, Rod cracked his long whip over his thin oxen's backs.
"You do the same.
Heading for the batwings, Cobb glanced perfunctorily through the nearest window, and suddenly dodged aside.
He said swiftly.
A man knocked the roulette ball about idly in its track, and another dozed at one of the card tables.
A hall opened in back of the bar, running toward an ell.
Cobb unleashed a single powerful jab that sent Gyp reeling wildly and crashing down with a whining groan.
Stevens was grunting over the last empty pocket when Russ abruptly rose and lunged toward Carmer's hat, which had tumbled half-a-dozen feet away when he first fell.
"Where else would he get it?
Leaving the card room, they moved back through the Palace the way they had come.
I've had enough.
"Pat had never pretended to give advice in such affairs.
Over and above that, however, was his growing suspicion of Chuck Stober's part in recent events.
As near as Cobb could determine the shots came from the direction of the Antler ranch house.
Whoever was out there hiding in the brushy cover was besieging the Antler house and, having spotted his approach, was determined to drive him off before he could get into the fight.
Leading his pony, he hurried that way, not remounting till he was well below the level of the surrounding range.
At the first shot Russ had hurled his mount to the left toward the side of the winding draw.
And Sweeney Squadron put its first marks on the combat record.
The sky glowered down at them.
"We'll make out.
The dark brown bombs hanging under each wing looked large and powerful.
The overcast was solid above him.
It was only a fifteen-minute flight, but before it was through Greg felt himself developing a case of claustrophobia.
Visibility continued to be limited, and Greg was never able to get above a thousand feet.
Only one of the flight scored a direct hit and the rest blew up jungle.
They were headed straight for each other on a collision course.
Japanese aircraft were strong on maneuverability, American on speed and firepower.
Belton, the one on the right.
It was a box.
His hands shook.
It gave them all a chance to make a high-speed climbing turn attack and a break-away that would not take them into the overcast or force a tight-turn recovery.
He hauled back on the stick and felt his cheeks sag.
He took a lead on the enemy, using a distance of five of the radii in his circular sight and then added another.
Luck was with him.
He fought the panic of vertigo.
"Gracias.
Damn his luck.
But Corporal Johnson has alreadeh said it didn make no diffrunce t'hi-im".
Just as p'lite an -- an cohnfidunt, an Ah says'Uh coahse you cain't', but he says'Whah nawt, you ah hevin one'?
The straight, black hair flopped in a vigorous nod, the slender nose plunged toward glass teeth and drew safely back.
Something pulled my leg.
At once my ears were drowned by a flow of what I took to be Spanish, but -- the driver's white teeth flashing at me, the road wildly veering beyond his glistening hair, beyond his gesticulating bottle -- it could have been the purest Oxford English I was half hearing;
This time no wire came whipping into the truck.
Miraculously, the bottle was still in my hand, foam still geysering over my (luckily) waterproof watch.
Beyond it the gray road stretched a long, long way.
We were slowing.
the car's far windshield panel turned into a silver web with a dark hole in the center.
I looked back at pale ovals framed in the elongated oval of the car's rear window.
It was a disturbingly familiar face, too, but I couldn't remember where we had met.
"But one word at a time, O.K."?
"Oh, do forgive me.
Then it hit me.
I sat by her on the divan.
I never wear anything at all.
, Inc.
And he didn't have any clothes on".
"I didn't know.
Maybe Lou was only unconscious, but right then I thought he must be dead.
Her impact in the zing commercials had led to her being considered for an excellent part in an upcoming TV series, Underwater Western Eye, a documentary-type show to be sponsored by Oatnut Grits.
Joyce squirmed a little on the divan.
Doesn't it you"?
"Well, goodbye", I said.
But suddenly those hot-honey eyes seemed to have everything but swarms of bees in them.
Lights blazed in the big house and surrounding grounds.
He filled me in.
It's a secret.
Anything else"?
I had come to New Orleans two years earlier after graduating college, partly because I loved the city and partly because there was quite a noted art colony there.
One Monday morning I saw him approach the store with a woman and introduce me to her as my new Aunt.
The artist looks at an ankle, a calf, a bosom and, in his mind's eye, the clothes drop away and he sees her as she really is.
When she appeared at the store to help out for a few hours even my looking at her was surreptitious lest my Uncle notice it.
Perhaps, with my Uncle, she found a measure of economic security that she needed;
There was little likelihood of any customers walking in at that hour.
How will we work it out"?
"I know what we can do", I said.
"When I was in college", I grinned, "I remember a poem I had to read in my lit class.
You are both the same size.
I felt that he looked at me coldly and appraisingly and seemed to be uncertain what his attitude towards me should be, but he did not say one word which might indicate that he had been told of advances to his wife.
He was looking out on the dark waters of the Lake when I came upon him and without wasting words I smacked him hard across the face.
The bars were marked as Walter had marked them in a small black book kept in a nearly secret drawer.
His hand was large and square and heavily tanned.
And he missed the point that the swarthy witches might be laughing at him for hoping to escape Nicolas Manas.
So if all these beers was to get me in bed, man, you just spent a lot of money".
This was surely a reunion in art, it was all that poetry promised.
"How like him"!
The sun grew hotter as it approached the midday.
He belched, he stretched.
" (The Grafin was partial to the word shall.
Singing into the mirror and his interested eyes, he was pleased to note, when he stripped for his own bath, that he still had the best part of his Italian sun tan.
She had touched her face, truly a noble and pure face, only with a lip salve which made her lips glisten but no redder than usual.
a smile.
Steinhager" She whispered Steinhager to herself, several times, memorizing it.
I can never pronounce it".
At her door, two or three hours later, Mary Jane whispered, "Everyone is asleep".
Ben Prime extended his high-stepped stride until he could lay his goad across the noses of the oxen.
He unlashed the dipper and drew water from a barrel.
She set the dipper on the edge of the deck, leaving it for him to stretch after it while she looked on scornfully.
"We can get it if we dig", he said patiently.
You don't even know where we're headed".
It wasn't the roughness and crudity and discomfort of the trip that had frightened her.
"Don't try to be noble"!
His blue eyes sought the shimmering sea of haze ahead.
"You had better get inside", he warned her.
Through the splash of the rising waters, they could hear the roar of the river as it raged through its canyon, gnashing big chunks out of the banks.
There was no real sign of the river now, just a roiling, oily ribbon of liquid movement through muddy waters that reached everywhere.
Somebody was riding the tree.
Then he took off his wet boots and dropped down into the water to talk with the beasts, needing their comfort more than they needed his.
there was not a match-width of damp mark to show they were receding.
He got a small fire started and put on bacon and coffee.
If you want to get them aired"
One especially bad detonation shook Lifeboat No. 3 which trembled violently in the davits.
Then the Bonaventure seemed to disintegrate with a roar of live steam, geysers of sparks and flames, and a dense cloud of black-and-orange smoke.
The big man with the whitened hair murmured something: his words sounded as if they were in the Manu tongue, which I recognized, having studied the dialect in my Anthropology 6, class at the University of Chicago.
I'm sure that males have something to do with that process"!
Foster Lukuklu Frayne made a sign over his heart with his two linked thumbs: I recognized it as an ancient Manu gesture intended to propitiate the Devil.
"What is the scaffolding for, Brassnose"?
But he had turned a sickly green and appeared tongue-tied or panicked.
My people await you on the shore.
This was also a corpse -- a male, judging from the coral arm bands, the tribal scars still discernible on the maggoty face, the painted bone of the warrior caste which still pierced the septum of the rotting nose.
Our old one blew down in a storm at the time of the pokeneu festival fifteen moons ago.
This was the worst thing I could have said.
but four Eromonga women are more than a match for the strongest male that ever lived.
)
Few passed".
"I'd like to know just which it is that those guys don't understand, the liquor or automobiles".
Just see it".
"He wasn't in the car", Ramey said.
The insurance man informed them that he had talked to Crumley who was all right and that he would watch the men's personal effects until they towed the rig back to town.
Seeing her caused a lurch in Ramey, a recognition.
Her glance swung past the trailer where the two drivers were standing.
One tiny detail in a happening can clog the memory and stick like meat in a crooked tooth, while the rest of the occurrence will go hazy and uncertain.
He turned and bent over the body of the Indian.
The man said with a tone of impatience.
It was a straight, solid, once-in-a-lifetime shot;
The man brought one hand up slowly and the fingers fumbled across his face until he touched his mouth.
one of his hands flattened out on the pavement and supported him.
She said, her voice rising.
Ramey watched him coming with a vision as clean as the glare on the metal sides of the trailer.
He slammed the door and listened as his servants ran up, alarmed at the sound of the shots.
Thank you, Keith".
Penny lowered her eyes.
Keith was snarling now.
Penny would not rise to his mood.
At first it had been just a romantic dream of his, the same as the idea of finishing Oxford after the war.
He enjoyed the killing.
They grounded him (over his protests -- not including his true reason for wanting to fly) and put him in the Command offices.
Keith was an eagle.
This one was actually more of a "near miss".
The chaplain married them, on the next day.
The terrible power of a gun, the thing that blasted the soul out of a living body, man or beast, was one he never wanted to lose.
He and Penny would go out on tame elephants, raised from babyhood in the keddah.
The German courteously indicated that Robinson should mount first.
The German asked.
And you also got this little spark in your bird-brain that tells you to turn around before you drown yourself.
You don't head back down again.
"Well, that's the only way to be", Mrs. Forsythe said, and gave her brassy laugh.
I'm going down again".
Hell, I gave him the first decent job he ever had, six, seven -- how many years ago was it, Rob"?
"Can I make you one"?
"He's one hell of a decent boy.
Shaffner looked at him, altogether without guile, and shrugged his shoulders, making a little spreading gesture with his two hands.
He asked.
He started out the door.
"Well, let's let him make up his own mind, OK"?
I will make him distributor for all of Florida -- a big market.
"Yes", the German said.
"I do not drink so much".
Make it come off all right.
"You came straight up from 275 without a stop", Artie said.
In the leafiest part of the tree, straddling a broad horizontal limb, he could see over the meadow.
His superiors had also preached this, saying it was the way for eternal honor.
As he looked up from picking at a leg ulcer, he saw a marine in the jungle across the clearing.
Even now, like a ringing in his ears, he heard the wooooosh of flame-throwers squirting great orange billows.
He strained his hearing.
Taking aim at the man's face, Matsuo squeezed the trigger up to the point of discharge, and then he changed his mind.
Five or so minutes later the marine abruptly pulled up and stepped into sunlight, immediately throwing his hands over his eyes.
The marine spun, clapping a hand high on his chest, and dived forward.
Heat, in the sunlight, pressed in like an invisible crowd.
He didn't smoke and could not light fires with a flintless lighter;
Matsuo shook his head.
The marine tried to roll on his right side, and moaned.
Every so often he turned the knife.
Even the bone handle scorched, and he retrieved the marine's handkerchief to wrap it.
"A small measure of payment, marine".
Someone called.
"Sake"?
His years of campaigning had taught him the value of water discipline.
After all, he had less reason to desire it than the marine.
In China it was a baby sitting on a railroad platform, smudged, blood-specked, with the village burning about him and shells exploding.
"I don't aim to have minors breathing down my neck when I'm a-drinking":
His gun was half drawn when he asked the question, but the weapon never left its holster.
And I aim to have it".
Blue Throat, nursing an aching jaw and a collosal dose of wounded pride, rode out of town with the survivors of the fight.
He rode in at the head of sixty trigger-happy and liquor-crazed desperadoes and took over a livery barn at the entrance to Main Street.
"I'm gonna drop these into Blue Throat's lap", he announced, "and I'd like every gun to be firing into that barn while I get near enough to toss'em through the window".
To Tilghman the incident was just one of a long list of hair-raising, smash-'em-down adventures on the side of the law which started in 1872 when he was only eighteen years old, and did not end till fifty years later when he was shot dead after warning a drunk to be quiet.
Tilghman knew that some ranchers were hand-in-glove with the Doolin gang.
There was no reply so he shoved it open with his foot and stepped inside.
Thinking fast, Tilghman never hesitated for one instant.
Resisting the overwhelming temptation to flng himself out of that bristling death-trap, Tilghman deliberately engaged the nervous rancher in trivial conversation for a good ten minutes.
"Just get out of here without it looking as though we're in a hurry.
For several months now, Jack Carter, a big overgrown boy of fifteen with a fuzzy, pimpled face and greenish catlike eyes with a lot of red in them, had been haunted by a dream, a vision, of a Woman.
when he went home at night, he took her with him in his mind, and she did the things the anonymous Woman used to do, and he did the thing afterwards each time as he used to do.
He hung around the schoolhouse, watching through a window from outside while Miss Langford straightened desks and put the room in order.
That night he dreamed a dream violent with passion, in which he and the Woman, now the teacher, did everything except engage in the act (and this probably only because he had never engaged in the act in reality), and when he awoke the next morning his heart was afire.
"I'll be all right.
He considered himself handsome and seemed to think all the girls were after him.
"Hell you say"?
"I never heard that".
"Maybe at dinner time.
"I'd druther stay here and watch the girls", Charles grinned.
I didn't mean to pull so hard".
Maybe some other day".
"But I've got to take a chance on it", he told himself desperately.
Lithe and muscular, he had well-molded features, and his light color told of the European ancestors who had been intimate with the slave women of his family.
The white girl with the penetrating green eyes sipped the lemonade handed to her by a handsome man of about 30, who had coppery skin and beetling eyebrows.
Shy, actually, he avoided feminine overtures and seemed truly ignorant of the girls'desires when they sought to make liaisons with him in the open fields, in carriages and in boathouses.
She said with intense feeling: "Come near, let me feel your arms.
There's $600 in gold in this chamois sack.
Such delicate beauty, such fine flesh.
He was about 50 years old.
Had Dandy been older or wiser, instinct might have warned him that he would be well advised to flee from the Lalauries'tender care if he valued his life.
A stringed orchestra played softly behind the potted palms, and Delphine circulated graciously among her guests, chatting airily of the forthcoming races, the latest fashions from Paris, and Louisiana politics.
The ball broke up in confusion.
He must have fallen in with evil companions, for he was a simple youth and quite trusting and inexperienced.
Mrs. Victor Dominique, socially prominent and a neighbor of the Lalauries, chanced to glance out of her parlor window at dusk one evening and beheld an amazing sight.
"There ain't nothin'faster, or lonelier, or more direct than a cannonball freight when you wanna go someplace", Feathertop would say.
That was the day it ended.
Hot, that was the word, hot!
"Ah-ah"!
The boy yanked her back hard, tugging her off her feet, and gathered her into the crook of his arm.
His head came up and he said it defiantly.
"Come sit", he repeated, motioning to the piled hay bags, over the pig leavings.
Feathertop watched the smooth scissoring of her slim, trim legs as she walked to the bags, and tucked them beneath her, smoothing the skirt out in a wide circle.
"Out.
"I only said I was hungry.
"A charcoal pit, man", he said, indicating the slightly-smoking makeshift brazier.
He looked up and grinned.
So we ran away".
Ernie's eyebrows went up.
A time before the white lightning and the bumming had turned him inside out.
Now that you offer".
This character could break him in half.
"No, I don't think so", said the big man, and it was the final clincher for Ernie.
The kid showed for an instant, and his arm was cocked back.
They neither liked nor disliked the Old Man.
But this was not unusual, because youth in these quarters was always pushed at a distance from its elders.
The way she strutted down the street, the Old Man would have been blind not to have noticed both.
"It's not for making pretty speeches about Dante those actresses get paid so good".
but he might have been shooing away the fleas that hopped from his yellow dog onto him.
Or that the tiny creek spun its silent course toward the Schuylkill?
Only one house on the street had no lawn before it.
They kept him alive, waiting.
When he would be a man, he would be a rich man.
He called to his sister on the porch above the steps.
The eyes, blue and always somewhat downcast, possessed a sullen quality.
Above the tongue, an aged yellow eye, sallow and time-cast, encrusted within a sphere of marbleized pink skin, stared unfalteringly at him.
Its form was a heavy figure in a fluttering soutane.
He expected Concetta's thin hand to reach down to grasp the boy, and her shrill, impetuous voice to sound against the rotundity of his disfigured flesh that was never sure of hearing anything.
Worry had a great deal to do with it;
"For one thing you can stop keeping that child in starched dresses and changed from the skin out nineteen times a day".
I do seem to snap at everybody these days, but I would like to think of a way to make a little extra money".
"What about a tea room, then?
"And then whenever I have a minute I can be working at it, and keep an eye on the baby and the stove at the same time.
The cold settled like a tangible pall over the Mile High City, locking it in an icy grip that harshened its outlines and altered its physical appearance;
all this government spending would have to be paid for somehow, but on the other hand desperate circumstances called for desperate remedies and something had to be done.
Presently they had to give up running the furnace at full capacity and depend on the old coal range in the kitchen, which had never been removed when the new gas range was installed, and the fireplaces and an electric heater in Grandma's room.
"Plenty of people haven't our brains and talent".
Unusual in a case like this, but" --
"It was plain as the nose on your face that they're laughing about it, Mamma.
You told me to bring my camera.
Tolley's going is my fault.
Yes, oh yes.
In any case he would be thrusting a burden on his remaining sons, making them parties to a deception peculiarly his own.
There lay Grand Fair's Quinzaine, his own young parents'graves, but new life and promise for his sons, grandsons.
And if I ever hear you say'Mist Laban'again I'll scream.
For the first few months of their marriage she had tried to be nice about Gunny, going out with him to watch this pearl without price stamp imperiously around in her stall.
Human birth was no novelty to Mr. Robards.
Edmonia for her mother, she said firmly, Jennifer, for herself, and --
Roy was deeply distressed.
But when Miss Jen went over right away to return the call, Miss Kiz couldn't have been very cordial, for she'd come back before she hardly had time to get there.
I'll see word gets round".
He swung in through his own wide gateway.
Henrietta thought, It's extraordinary how much she always knew about both of us.
Mama was vulnerable;
No temptation, no virtue?
On a thrusting spray thick with thorns and dewdrops and swelling pink buds, like a summer Valentine, a bird balanced and sang, nondescriptly brown and alive with its own music, a little engine of song.
She sounded so exactly like Doaty that Henrietta obeyed her under the clear impression that she could either comply or stay home.
He then offered his own estimate of the weather, which was unenthusiastic.
"It's nice of you", Henrietta said doubtfully.
"Don't remember, do you"?
"You do seem to", said Henrietta, impressed.
She had come to make her peace with the past, and of that past this ancient of the earth was only a kind of shadow.
"If it ain't an idea", she said, "how comes it you can drink beer but not water"?
Henrietta nodded.
They were covered with tiny white blossoms, their scant roots clawing at the stony ground, and wild birds darted in and about and through them so they were nearly alive with the rustle and cry.
Apparently they were of Caucasian blood.
She had been in Japan just one week.
Such as now, when she sat at a table in the coffee shop at the Officers'Club, having coffee and a hamburger to sustain her until dinnertime.
He was perhaps a trifle tipsy, having been long at sea where drinking is not permitted, and consequently out of practice;
"You catchee boy-furiendo?
Tommy interrupted furiously.
Everybody had accepted her for what she was -- a very charming girl.
Two other Japanese girls were sitting at the tables, both quite pretty and well groomed.
One thing was becoming increasingly sure.
Then, after a while, she went to her mirror.
But the beer hall riot in Subic had been unusual, too, and Walt Perry was convinced that Doc had started it through some expert tactics in rabble rousing.
The job security enjoyed by Doc Doolittle, and nearly all members of the Armed Forces, is a wonderful thing.
"Well, Doc, you old sonofabitch"!
He considered some interesting excursion but he was on the road every day from dawn to dusk.
"Hi, Buzz", Owen said.
"Yes"?
They're up there in that freezing climate and all of us have to try and help them".
"They are a very difficult group of people".
"How did you get by the desk"?
I have the whole Pacific Northwest".
"God, I take it, plays no part in this", she said waspishly.
I have an appointment".
I only hope my talking to you has helped you a little, anyway, because you need spiritual bucking-up".
He ate breakfast in a sullen mood, but afterwards, when he walked out onto Virginia Street, he felt braced.
The Golden Calf was dimly lit with shaded neon.
She sat down and played two slots at once, looking grim, as if bested by mechanical devices, and Owen felt sorry for the lay-sisters depending on her support.
I'm always trying to find a breaking table in blackjack.
He's a pinto and he photographs wonderfully".
everyone was flipping silver dollars.
He started out as a stickman, then became a pit boss until the Club found him crossroading.
"I haven't had any luck since I was a baby".
My mother wanted to call me Sylphide, but it sounded too affected".
During the morning hours, it became clear that the arrest of Spencer was having no sobering effect upon the men of the Somers.
Somehow he talked Spencer into letting him use another name".
A glance revealed that the main topgallant mast had been carried away.
Their strategy was sound enough and, he reasoned, had been defeated only by Philip Spencer's unwillingness to sanction an idea he had not originated.
To have the Greek paper is not the great help that at first flush it seemed.
They are about to do so at any moment as it is.
He paused, then added, "Everything on a ship is a weapon.
And when he did, when he gave to his ship that protection necessary to preserve her honor, he knew he would lose forever the Navy to which he had dedicated his soul.
Another field had given him fame enough to satisfy any egotist.
He said, "Captain, may I speak, please?
"No, Cromwell, I did not find your name.
There was good fortune and there was bad and Philip Spencer, in handcuffs and ankle irons, knew it to be a truth.
"And do you think there is a reason why I should accept your word"?
No action of his could be interpreted in his favor and four midshipmen, prior to their knowing the significance of the Greek paper, had seen it in Cromwell's hands while Spencer whispered explanations.
His black hat with its wide brim, high crown, and fur trim rode high.
Like the ones you will see now".
His toes pointed out toward the walls.
They chanted a fixed tune in time to the report of the stick.
In the center of his brilliant curls sat a small black skullcap.
His front teeth were missing.
The old man in the baggy clothes waited at the foot of the steps.
I said.
You had to know, also, that you were going to fail.
Rachel clicked her tongue behind her teeth.
Rachel grinned slyly.
If she could not take the children out of this section, at least she could take other children out of their countries and put them on the farms.
Who loved her.
Yet he walked like a young man.
She went to the father and found he had hanged himself".
He complained to me once that I must talk to her.
But now he was happy she would let him straighten out her life and take care of her.
"And I'll take you with me".
Maybe I saw him on a barge with a gang of Ethiopians poling it".
You could wish that.
If it is love, you don't.
that he must have since he was there like the radio for you to turn on or snap off when you got tired of him, that other guy.
The others, the ones in the stands, were spellbound, for hearing the mayor was for them like listening to a symphony was for sophisticated folks in New York City.
She glanced at the man nodding beside her, a man with weather cracks furrowed into his lean cheeks, with powdery pale eyes reflecting all the droughts he had seen, reflecting the sky and the drought which must follow now in August -- yes, with eyes predicting the drought and here it was only June, only festival time again and thoughts of Gratt Shafer would not leave her.
Each of us had his own specialty besides.
in the second place, it doesn't look authentic;
We all painted in our spare time, and we had all started as easel painters with scholarships, but he was the only one of us who made any regular money at it.
Mrs. Monmouth thought of him as her discovery, and she paid two to three hundred dollars for a painting.
Askington was a kind of goal I set myself;
Life had included him in its "Modern American Artists" series and had photographed him at his studio in the East Sixties;
"I don't think I've reached the point, yet, where I can say I know everything I ought to know about the craft.
Ah, what a title for the exhibition: The Eye is All"!
Burns and I had not loved each other.
Still painting, still a kind of modern impressionist, beautiful canvases of mountains and farms.
They sit alone in their rooms and try to paint, and only succeed in isolating themselves still farther from life.
He could certainly talk.
No, that isn't quite fair.
I was silent.
Why should this suddenly assail her?
I love you, I hate you, I feel like killing you and myself, and in the same sequence I love you I think you're the most wonderful the most noble and so on and on, meanwhile eating a good breakfast and dinner and enjoying living.
In the morning the fog was still thick so that to go to the village I crept along with my headlights full on.
She screamed, and both women ran up to the house, and I followed.
"If I am not to be Mrs. Salter then I am nothing".
She was found the day after at the bottom of the cliff.
I knew"!
It is not their avoidance that rankles;
She frowned.
Mr. Salter came home.
Something would come into her heart if nothing else the sounds of Bach would give her some healing.
Pausing, he waited for her to turn, to ask a question.
"I guess so", she said taking a Kleenex from her purse.
She asked, turning suddenly.
The cleansing tissues she had been using had been falling on the floor, and he got up and picked up one, then another, hoping she would notice what he was doing.
Nothing at all", he said quietly.
"Maybe I could", he said, surprised that she could turn from herself and notice anything about him.
But it was a hopeful sign, he told himself.
All evening she was eloquent and pleased with herself.
"Uhhu", she muttered.
From the time he had been at college he had achieved a certain tranquility and composure by accepting the fact that there were certain things he could never know.
It was all too wearying.
She said.
"Ciao," and put out her hand.
The old woman had a nephew from North Italy, a poor boy from a lumber mill who had got tired of the seasonal unemployment, and who had migrated to Canada to work on the railway.
But very mystical too.
The Pope, in the splendor of his great intellect, had neglected them a little.
It's like a flame, I guess", she said in a dreamy tone.
Then he fled, not waiting to see if she minded him or took notice of his cry.
And it was not Pile of Clouds she meant.
I will simply kill you first.
He made the long whip sing and snap around their heads so that they ran screaming, some tripping over themselves in their flight.
She retreated before the naked shame in the old man and the fury beyond it and sank into the darkness of her lodge where Walitzee stirred, mumbling, sitting up in a half stupor to say:
And, shoving her against a spruce, her back to him, he retreated with the whip and made it whine and crack in the damp air, shortening its arc until it narrowed to her flesh and the sound of it snarled and cracked, settling its own cruel demons on her shoulders while she stood as unchanged, as dark and motionless as ever, her eyes open and staring at the pale delineaments of the bark so close to her face.
Move from the line or I will settle the whip on you.
But they could taste the appeasement of violence and retribution through his antics.
All the young men, Alokut among them, challenged them in matched racing.
He felt so much like laughing;
He saw them in fleet images as they came rolling and now burst across the ridge.
If I ever committed suicide, she thought, I would dive straight down from here -- and no one would find me for days.
Perhaps it was because it was so late, and because she had no business to be here now.
he must have slept again.
He was walking across to the bathroom.
She must have put his clothes in the closet.
Too early for a vacuum cleaner, but probably Sam wanted the whole house in order before he came downstairs.
Who would take over?
For a moment he felt like a thief discovered.
She was wearing some sort of gray blazer.
She asked him.
"No -- nothing at all", he said after a moment's hesitation.
"I'll call your mother as soon as I get home.
He could hear the footsteps overhead.
but that didn't matter.
"I wish I did", he responded.
But sometimes life can be rather a disappointing business".
"Yes, Julie dear.
Someone shouted at him, "Well!
He was telephoning.
There was one more call to make.
I might struggle in for a jury.
I'll see you Wednesday.
She was a clever girl, a most efficient secretary.
"Come, come", Jim said, jollying Lucy a little.
"She'd better step on it.
"Darling" -- she said, and the single word mingled love and exasperation in an equal blend.
"You've got to admit she was smart to scare up this fine government job over there -- she'll get a home for herself and Cathy in no time.
whenever Lucy saw her, she tried, without noise or fuss, to give her the warmth she had never had from Myra.
Get moving"!
"Please", he said.
"I'm ready", she announced.
"She'll take every one of them".
"Well", Jim said, out of the silence, "let's get going, dolls and all".
the sly female cowbirds took instant advantage of nests without sentinels.
In the sunshine of late afternoon, Lucy stood looking at the ready guest room.
Myra dropped Cathy this morning, and Jim picked Cathy up and left Susan a few hours ago.
But Myra was the merriest widow I ever saw".
"You mean once Myra gets to Paris"?
" Then it was no bogey she had dreamed up;
For Lucy, the day's nagging to-and-fro had come to an abrupt end.
Lucy glancing at the miniature case, knew there would not be enough in it for the shortest of stays;
Nothing but sand and a ridge of rocks sloping jaggedly to the water's edge.
) He was the first astronaut on the moon, chosen because of his small size and intrepid nature.
Stop shaking".
He never had polio".
Quint said now to the clouds.
I'm scared of the nightmare.
"Isn't".
They call me Quint".
"Do you"?
"Because maybe I won't have to wear it always.
"Part collie, part wire-haired terrier".
That meant "Mama wants you Quint.
it made her blister.
Japan, she said, smelled pugh because people let dead fish lie on the beaches till the fish got hard as rocks;
Artfully, as the days went by, he found occasion to tell her that his father had won the Navy Cross in the Korean War;
) Encouraged by her giggles he imitated Maggie who was crazy about ham.
"You can't serve cod and salmon".
"You can always tell a real gentleman -- they got a certain je ne say quok".
"Your Daddy's in San Francisco", she told them.
The cave in his stomach hurt.
When Bobbie Evans smashed up his car, the Jaguar his wife Linda had given him for his last birthday, and himself quite thoroughly with it, driving back from an afternoon's golf at Oakmont, it seemed to mark the end of a long, miswritten chapter in the social life of the community.
It was the kind of thing that could ruin a man's life, and it was a tribute to John's strength of character and very real business ability that it hadn't ruined his.
Then there was a spat over something, as there had been lovers'spats before;
It was simply Poor John.
"Poor John"!
He was not reduced to poverty, but his job at the steel company had become a real job and not a method of passing the day.
Poor John was the kind of stock that keeps a bargain without whimpering and maybe bends over backward to keep a bad one.
"Now you know she could've, but she isn't that kind of girl.
It might be rough on Edythe at first, but Linda and John between them could make a settlement handsome enough to soothe her, to send her back to Cleveland or anywhere.
For Linda knew how to help her husband, not just the Stuart-family contacts but also the little dinners for Reuben Lovejoy.
But jolly old Uncle Donald would tell her no more than that Bobbie had certainly been considered for the job, but there were factors in a large company which outsiders and even some insiders couldn't understand.
Most of the directors nodded.
I could get along without that three dollars.
That stupid girl might have gone off and left Francie"!
"I can't make it in ten minutes" -- Wondering, as I said it, why I should make it at all.
Chris was sound asleep, and I didn't see any sense in waking him.
"I have to get up early for church tomorrow", she went on.
You know how gossip of that sort spreads through an apartment building" --
I opened the door, and Wally stumbled in -- fast -- as if Nadine had pushed him.
"You stay out of this", she spat at me.
"Now you just take it easy, and I'll make you some tea" --
You'll wake up the whole building.
Wally was snoring on the davenport.
"I'd had all this trouble with the old man, that's why I drank so much.
But she was beyond caring what she said.
Chris fretted.
I just stared at him.
I didn't want to be like that, mean and bitter.
While I worked, Nadine sat and cried.
He set out every morning looking for work, and come home around noon, full of alibis and excuses.
I mentioned it to Chris one stifling hot night, when I had slipped outside for a breath of fresh air.
Actually, I shouldn't complain, I told myself in the shaving mirror.
If she'd kept on as she'd been going, the story I'd told Gladdy would probably have been true by now, anyhow
Did he have a right to know the secret I'd kept from Gladdy all these years?
"I haven't seen her yet, but I hear she's a lulu"!
Yes, Rose Bancroft, diagnosis: acute alcoholism.
We'd keep her a day or two, and the AA people would talk to her.
It was then that I saw what the drawn-back covers revealed.
"Better do a Papanicolaou", I told Pete.
Class Three, they said.
I grimaced in distaste.
"We'd like you to have a dilatation and curettage.
I looked at her in amazement.
Let your pupils learn on someone else, Doctor.
And even if" --
"Alice" -- I stammered through dry lips.
She shrugged.
I looked at the pathetic wreck of a woman before me.
I no longer knew how deep I was, somewhere under 230 feet, getting drunker, happier and more contented by the second.
Wild kicks never are, but I hoped to dig up a better frame of mind.
There were some sweet machines other than women: an old Bugatti, a lean Farina coachwork on an American chassis, a Swallow, a type A40-AjK Mercedes and lots more.
When she had drained the last of the bottle and paid her bill, she came directly to my table and said:
I made the mistake of going to the Jour et Nuit.
Elemental, but sex.
I had on only a topcoat, but I wasn't cold.
I knew all about her.
"Is it a woman"?
She was even more miserable than me.
She tilted up and drank, and then I drank.
I suppose we were cold, but we didn't feel it.
I was hungry as a wolf, and my body felt lean and vital.
She came out pink from a hot bath, and I gave her my robe.
I said with round eyes.
I grunted, sipping.
I put aside my empty cup.
It was a nice place, not filled with smoke.
An enormous sky of the most delicate blue arched overhead.
Cars, taxis, buses, and motorscooters all went plunging at once down the narrow length of it or swerving perilously around a fountain.
Halfway up the staircase she stopped and sat down.
Of course, one of them would have to go and do this!
Cousin Emma and Cousin Elec, brother and sister -- unmarried, devoted, aging -- had lived next door to the Stubblefields in Tuxapoka from time immemorial until the Stubblefields had moved to Montgomery fifteen years ago.
Poor George!
"Can you think of anything to do"?
Now, here they both were, still the same, George full of round-eyed woe, and Cousin Emma in despair.
) "I hope if you have any ideas along these lines you will write me about them.
"No, no"!
She cast about as though looking for a policeman: this really shouldn't be allowed!
Then, with a motion so suddenly violent that she amazed herself, she tore them in two.
Just as it has its Susan Dolan, though nobody'd ever bothered to tell me that.
He gave me a straight, honest answer.
He wasn't only different -- he was it.
Neither was his wife.
But by the time the first crackling of spring came around, we both knew we were hopelessly in love.
He examined his nails carefully.
He shrugged noncommittally.
I had driven him into the arms of that scheming woman.
Outside, in the summertime fields behind the motel, a thousand crickets serenaded us.
Not really".
I was practically a bride, after all.
No price is too high when true love is at stake.
It was only fitting that we seek out whatever joy our union might bring.
I had mixed emotions about going.
I thought so, and he mentioned it, and Alma said so too.
I went.
"I don't see Alma anywhere", I said.
But at least come along while I get lubricated".
In the cold light of day, it seemed a lunatic arrangement.
"Lots of sun, lots of rest.
Once burned -- scalded, really, because Vivian had given him every encouragement -- forever shy.
"I've got this cold.
He leafed through the light reading provided by Mrs. Kirby for her guests: four separate adventures of the Bobbsey Twins (At the Seashore, At the Mountains, On the Farm, and In Danger) and several agricultural bulletins on the treatment of hoof-and-mouth disease in cattle, hideously illustrated.
Everything being the sweater, a lipstick case, and a squirt bottle of Kissin'Kare pink hand lotion.
Take Vivian.
"What's that you say"?
"My, you're peaked.
Surely there was a better word.
The sweater was gone from the refrigerator, and in its place was a large plastic bag, full of wet pink clothes.
I mean, she's still living, and she's ninety-six.
He stuck his head in Mrs. Kirby's little rental office.
On the beach, there were pale girls and not-so-pale girls.
Sympathy is a fine quality in a woman.
"How's your sunburn now?
"Puny goes with pale and peaked.
Phil Rossoff cut over to center from left field to get the relay.
The Anniston catcher screamed.
He was eyeing the Anniston catcher warming up his pitcher before the inning began.
Phil shrugged.
Both fell heavily to the ground.
When the ballplayers started to carry the catcher off the field he said: "That ought to teach the sonofabitch".
"Deegan", the manager said, his voice pitched low, quivering.
He called in the pitcher who had been pitching, and a big, heavy, powerfully built right hander moved out to the mound for Anniston.
"Look at those bastards"!
Mike Deegan pounded the rubber plate with the end of his bat.
Mike and the Anniston pitcher were pulled away before they even came together.
"I didn't think it was necessary".
"You trying to say I started the fight"?
Phil's eyes widened just a trifle.
"
"What the hell do you think baseball is?
Eddie stood up abruptly, then sat down just as abruptly.
A sport?
"I think you're wrong, Eddie", he said finally.
"You crazy"?
Phil took off one shoe and stared at it.
"Springfield's in tomorrow", Frankie said.
"I'll speak to Whitey".
Richard's next interest seemed the product of his insularity.
Through quiet laughter his mother said, "Don't speak to your father like that, Richard".
She asked him and, laughing, she added, "I was nervous about buying a book with a title like that, but I knew you'd like it".
It was as though the biwa had been eaten up by the wind.
"Well, it's at Fudomae and there was a tan young man, quite naked, taking a shower in the pool.
Asked a red-haired girl named Ceecee Witter.
"Yes, a little parkish place", Charlotte said, and concluded, "Anyhow, it's all very nice.
"But the point is", Charlotte said, "there he was, freezing, naked in a little stream of water at Ryusenji, all in worship of Fudo, the god of fire".
And the next morning, not sure of why he went, he took the train to Fudomae and walked to Ryusenji.
The black Fudo seemed to stare rigidly back at him and Richard's eyes were caught by the Fudo's in fascination, and then Richard was shocked as, all at once, flames shot out from the sharp features of Fudo's face and there was a terrible metallic scraping sound, as if the large statue were about to burst from some pressure within it.
It had grown hot early that day, and I hoped that the boy, my brother's son, would soon come across the broad black area of plowed ground, carrying the jar of cool water.
Go out of the furrow, snake, I said, but it did not move at all.
I had killed snakes before, when I was younger, but there had been no animal like this one, and I knew it was unthinkable that an animal such as that should die.
I had my back to the corner of the triangular field that pointed towards the house.
I drove the tractor on, not looking down there;
I saw then, too, the stake driven straight and hard into the plowed soil, through something there where I had been not long before.
"Yes", he said, eagerly, beginning a kind of dance of excitement.
Have you ever seen anything like it around here"?
"It was beautiful", I said, half to myself.
The boy stood off a few feet and he had the stake again and he was racing innocently in circles, making the buzzing tractor sound with his lips.
"It's an ugly, terrible snake", he said.
Hanford realized he had enrolled his son four years ago.
Gone back for reunions.
Mr. Partlow could still feel a cold sweat on his slightly gray temples as he remembered what a near thing chemistry had been for him at Hanford.
Health, excellent.
Cady snapped the Venetian blind shut and slammed himself down before the typewriter, rolled in a fresh sheet, and gave his letter the same savage attention he bestowed on a salesman who needed to have the bucket taken off his thick head.
Better show it to Anne and see if he had omitted anything.
He whistled as he locked the office and grinned as he got on the elevator.
My John applied to six colleges before he got in".
He hadn't told anyone, but he, too, had applied to five colleges for David.
Nor did looking at Anne ease the tension as it usually did.
"Why not let him take it, Cady?
Dave ate two pieces of pie as he did everything else, slowly, methodically and with interest.
Dave kissed her lightly.
Your fur has been rubbed the wrong way and you show it.
"But he was president".
"Yes", she said quietly.
"Music!
He doesn't like to rise and shine.
"Did you know he is advertising his ham-radio equipment for sale this weekend?
I won't be guilty of trying to run his life".
Not the kind of leadership you mean, working with lots of people.
He had always been a messy and negligent man.
Or against her back, pressed on the column of vertebrae, which held her so magnificently straight and unyielding, until the segments of bone made tiny sharp cracking noises, like the snapped stem of a tulip.
Good.
The shorts would not be on the floor when he came home that evening.
Ten minutes early.
At first he could not be sure.
But he was so taken aback, he could not believe any rage of his would make her give in.
He could even recall the last time he sat there.
About this time people began "dropping in", considering that the newly married had been left alone long enough.
"It's a little contest Martin and I have", she would begin gaily, carrying the anecdote through a frothy and deceptive course.
With her eyes Dolores dared him for the truth, ready to begin: It's a little contest --
Bizarre: He could hear the word.
His mind scurried frantically, seeking an exit.
On the other hand, if she didn't remove her own things, it would be difficult to explain to the parade of guests which traversed the apartment.
To his delight, her eyes focused at once upon the two garments.
He found that he no longer hated Dolores (he knew how much he had hated her), and he was surprised at a resurgence of an affectionate feeling.
General Hershey's draft and Doc Eddyman and Cap were responsible for his first eminence, but Fearless Freddy Bryan could take credit, if he cared to (and he did), for the second time.
Whatever the reasons, Willis and Bryan started expanding Zenith.
Freed of routine by having his own firm and a complaisant partner, his work in New York had given him a broader overall knowledge of business administration and corporate structure;
The future of manned aircraft is in doubt, which affects government procurement, and jet transports have revolutionized the airline trade -- one jet can take the place of three compound-engine planes.
"Yes, I appreciate that.
allied to them was Gerry, devoting much time to swaying her father, and Joan dismissed all thought of the project and William was unwilling to interfere further.
"You were right", he said -- "you and your engineer -- and I'm in something of a bind.
They took nearly a month to investigate, marshal statistics, and put their arguments down in black and white.
You have the controlling interest and the principal expenditure is yours -- and, besides, nobody else is going to have the courage.
At the meeting, attended by Freddy, Richert, Herberet and the A-Z executive staff, with Mr. Willis presiding, William and Hamrick did indeed run the gantlet.
We're here to transact business.
We'll woo the consumer with a product, not bludgeon him with chromed excess length and weight.
"There's plenty of risk money", Ham Richert added, "but not for anything this risky".
"I feel I must answer the question", he said, "since the onus later, if any, should fall on me -- I don't relish recriminations spread broadcast outside my family.
"I'm afraid not".
The detectives placed Barco under arrest and, without informing him of the nature of the charge, took him back to Hollywood for questioning.
It was reported to Welch's office that a thief in the city jail had attempted suicide.
By the time Barco reached the count of three, the situation seemed to Welch almost too good to be true.
He stiffened and rose to his feet.
Barco, his state of apprehension gone, never to return, had assumed a matter-of-factness which remained his principal attitude from that time on.
Welch was on edge.
It went to his head, and his ambition increased.
I did not rest until I had tracked the mystery down.
A little later the district attorney woke up, emerged from under the couch, looked at his watch, and realized he had an engagement that very hour to address a meeting of the Culture Forum on "The Civic Spirit of the Southland", in the Byzantine room of the hotel where his wife, as president of the forum, was to preside.
We couldn't be seen together, for the tongue of Scandal was ever ready to link our names, and the tongue of Scandal finds but one thing to say of the association of a man with a girl, no matter how innocent.
When I arrived at Viola's I was shown, to my surprise, into the kitchen.
Louise climbed onto a stool and clutched the hand with which I was trying to hold the phone, claiming my immediate attention on grounds of extreme emergency.
I'm not saying it right.
Fran and he had met about two years after she had arrived in Manhattan from Nebraska, or was it Wyoming?
they had chosen Catatonia because of its reputation for excellent schools, beaches, and abundance of names.
Sometimes she even wore the uniform in solid, unrelieved black, and with her blonde hair cut so closely, wearing this uniform, she strongly resembled a member of the SS.
Besides Francesca, there was Blanche.
They were inseparable, not because they were fond of each other, but because they wanted to keep an eye on each other, as they were keen rivals for social leadership.
One or two were writers of books;
They were always leaping to light cigarettes, open car doors, fill plates or glasses, and I mistrusted the whole lot of them to the same degree that I mistrusted bake shops that called themselves "Sanitary Bake Shops".
well, not discussed him exactly, but said, "Kafka"!
They're just something you're supposed to put on cereal for breakfast".
" My impassioned plea for civil rights created a landslide of correspondence and one sponsor even asked me to consider replacing the Eddie Cantor comedy hour on a permanent basis.
But the Supreme Court wouldn't even hear my case!
My enemies were only too anxious to level against me such charges as "reactionary", "robber baroness", and even "traitor"!
Each time Letch "went up" in his "lines", I was the one to be patient, helpful and apologetic while he indulged in outbursts of temperament, profanity and abuse, blaming others, going into "sulks" and, on more occasions than I care to count, storming off the "set" for the rest of the day.
Letch had made it abundantly clear that he did not care for the company of my own precious daughter.
a lovely Epiphany party at Errol Flynn's, on which sacred occasion Letch stole away with an unknown "starlet", leaving me "high and dry" to get home as best I could.
Did he show the rest of the cast -- numbering four thousand -- the consideration of arriving at the studio punctually -- or even at all?
In a rare fit of anger and spite, I "farmed out" my own husband to a small and most undistinguished studio to make one picture as a form of punishment.
(I watched it on television late one night last week and it "stands up" remarkably well, even twenty years later.
It wasn't his fault that these things were so.
Regardless of how much of a slob you knew yourself to be, you could be certain they would never find out -- and even if they did it would make no difference.
Or was the answer less metaphysical?
This habit had become so fixed over the years that it seemed futile to do anything for which no one was waiting.
"That'll get you started.
That was where the pegboard would go on which he would hang his hand tools.
He turned his attention to the workbench.
He went upstairs to phone Crumb.
Nobody liked to hire him because you never could tell when he was going to be taken drunk.
"Now", he said, "we got to put in some outlets for them power tools;
He followed Mr. Blatz up the cellar stairs.
Doors that won't open, and doors that won't close and shelves and broken --"
You explain English by Greek".
"I'm terribly upset", she told a girl-friend.
The obscurity of politicians may not always be as innocent as it looks.
"There's a man outside with a wooden leg named Smith".
Classified ads are also chockfull of misrelated constructions.
Then there was the caterer's ad which read: "are you getting married or having an affair?
Such items recall the California journalist who reported an accident involving a movie star: "The area in which Miss N -- was injured is spectacularly scenic".
At the home of a gourmet the new maid was instructed in the fine points of serving.
When a customer asked for alligator shoes, she said, "What size is your alligator"?
An old-fashioned mother said to her modern daughter, "You must have gotten in quite late last night, dear.
And yet it is not.
The manager of a movie theater received a telephone call from a woman who was equally indefinite.
When a question contains two verbs, the response does not make clear which of them is being answered.
In the comedy of indefinite reference, it-wit occupies a prominent place because of its frequent occurrence.
After Gagarin became the Greatest Man in the World, for a nation that does not believe in the cult of personality or in careerism, Moreland wrote me a letter in which he said: "I am not interested in how long a bee can live in a vacuum, or how far it can fly.
The Zeitgeist is not crazy as a loon or mad as a March hare;
In the railway station at Berlin, a uniformed attendant was chanting,'Foreigners this way!
"There is non-fiction and non non-fiction", I said.
Like almost everybody else, he confused the heart, both as organ and as symbol, with the disturbed psyche, the deranged glands, and the jumpy central nervous system.
"You have visited England five times in the past quarter-century, I believe", my host said.
In them, there is usually a group of Anglo-Americans with tragicomic problems, worthy of being explored either in the novel or in the play or in comedy and satire".
He took his glass, clinked it against mine, and said, "Toujours gai, what the hell"!
"Do you remember the woman in the French Alps who was all alone with her sheep one day when the sun darkened ominously?
"Non-God, no", I said.
"You and I have fallen out of literature into politics", Moreland observed.
"The other day Arnold Toynbee spoke against the inveterate tendency of our species to believe in the uniqueness of its religions, its ideologies, and its virtually everything else.
I wrote a few years ago that one of the cardinal rules of writing is that the reader should be able to get some idea of what the story is about.
The policeman got a confused, funny look on his face, and he had answered kind of politely, "Now, look here, lady: I know you got to entertain these kids and all.
"Never mind.
"This is a warm-up".
"Now, we're going to be like what General Burnside and his horse make us think of".
And she would wink and throw kisses.
The other remarked, in a happy laughter, "That's a funny old horse".
Then, they had to get up and be General Burnside.
That helped a lot.
"Yes, ma'am", the children chorused heartily.
and that action always caused her to lift her lip from the sting of the thing.
Later on, the children told her further about somersaulting.
But I would not pamper myself in that silly way.
As a result, he was persuaded out to dinner.
There had been some coconut in it, for I remember my mother's taking a quick glance at a stringy bit of this nut on the cheek of one of them and then putting down her radish with a shiver.
This happy bulletin convulsed Mr. Gorboduc.
He was so long thinking that my mother had time to inspect her sherry for dregs.
and the other went on to development of the idea.
My uncle looked at Mr. Gorboduc.
The Albany Civic Opera's presentation of Spumoni's immortal Il Sevigli del Spegititgninino, with guest contralto Hattie Sforzt.
For example, probably very few people know that the word "visrhanik" that is bantered about so much today stems from the verb "bouanahsha": to salivate.
After a few tortuous moments of wondering who "he" is, the camera pans across the room to the plaster statue, and we realize that Neitzbohr is trying to redeem himself in the eyes of a mute piece of sculpture.
We would have preferred, however, to have had the rest of the orchestra refrain from laughing at this and other spots on the recording, since it mars an otherwise sober, if not lofty, performance.
A biting, pithy parable of the all-pervading hollowness of modern life, the piece has been set by Mlle Lagoon to a sumptuous score (a single motif played over and over by four thousand French horns) by existentialist hot-shot Jean-Paul Sartre.
Miss Pulova has a voice that Maria Callas once described as "like chipping teeth with a screw driver", and her round, opalescent face becomes fascinatingly reflective of the emotions demanded by the role of Rosalie.
"I paint the nothing", he said once to Franz Kline and myself, "the nothing that is behind the something, the inexpressible, unpaintable'tick'in the unconscious, the'spirit'of the moment resting forever, suspended like a huge balloon, in non-time".
Far from it;
You danced two tangos and a paso doble, which must have been fairly enervating in that milieu.
If, however, it would help to intensify your anguish, I can delimit the powers of a few of the divinities you've affronted and describe the punishment they meted out in one analogous instance.
Any reputable French interne can supply you with a dozen similar instances, and I'll presently recount a case out of my own personal experience, but, for the moment, let's resume our catalogue.
Inscribed around its base is a charm in Balinese, a dialect I take it you don't comprehend.
In that case, listen to what befell another wisenheimer who tangled with our joss.
In short, and to borrow an arboreal phrase, slash timber.
His eyes had the same dreadful rigid stare as Dr. Grimesby Roylott's when he was found before his open safe wearing the speckled band.
"I wouldn't be in his shoes for all the rice in China.
revulsion in the desert
