The jury said it did find that many of Georgia's registration and election laws "are outmoded or inadequate and often ambiguous".
"This is one of the major items in the Fulton County general assistance program", the jury said, but the State Welfare Department "has seen fit to distribute these funds through the welfare departments of all the counties in the state with the exception of Fulton County, which receives none of this money.
Ask jail deputies
Attorneys for the mayor said that an amicable property settlement has been agreed upon.
Georgia Republicans are getting strong encouragement to enter a candidate in the 1962 governor's race, a top official said Wednesday.
Caldwell's resignation had been expected for some time.
A Highway Department source said there also is a plan there to issue some $3 million to $4 million worth of Rural Roads Authority bonds for rural road construction work.
Pelham pointed out that Georgia voters last November rejected a constitutional amendment to allow legislators to vote on pay raises for future Legislature sessions.
Davis received 1,119 votes in Saturday's election, and Bush got 402.
Many local citizens feared that there would be irregularities at the polls, and Williams got himself a permit to carry a gun and promised an orderly election.
He told the committee the measure would merely provide means of enforcing the escheat law which has been on the books "since Texas was a republic".
He also complained that not enough notice was given on the hearing, since the bill was introduced only last Monday.
"We're getting more'pro'letters than'con'on horse race betting", said Ratcliff.
Without dissent, senators passed a bill by Sen. A. R. Schwartz of Galveston authorizing establishment in the future of a school for the mentally retarded in the Gulf Coast district.
Austin, Texas
Rep. James Cotten of Weatherford insisted that a water development bill passed by the Texas House of Representatives was an effort by big cities like Dallas and Fort Worth to cover up places like Paradise, a Wise County hamlet of 250 people.
Austin, Texas
-- The board of regents of Paris Junior College has named Dr. Clarence Charles Clark of Hays, Kan. as the school's new president.
State and federal legislation against racial discrimination in employment was called for yesterday in a report of a "blue ribbon" citizens committee on the aid to dependent children program.
Extension of the ADC program to all children in need living with any relatives, including both parents, as a means of preserving family unity.
Judge Parsons leaned over the bench and inquired, "You mean some of the defendants made statements admitting this"?
Salinger said the work President Kennedy, advisers, and members of his staff were doing on the address involved composition and wording, rather than last minute decisions on administration plans to meet the latest Berlin crisis precipitated by Russia's demands and proposals for the city.
Wexler has denied repeatedly that coercion was used in questioning.
Claims precedent lacking
The Kennedy plan alone would boost the base to $5,000 a year and the payroll tax to 6.5 per cent -- 3.25 per cent each.
Full payment of hospital bills for stays up to 90 days for each illness, except that the patient would pay $10 a day of the cost for the first nine days.
He said his plan is designed to "meet the needs of those millions who have no wish to receive care at the taxpayers'expense, but who are nevertheless staggered by the drain on their savings -- or those of their children -- caused by an extended hospital stay".
Moreover, he said, many qualified young people are not going into medicine and dentistry because they can't afford the schooling costs.
He further proposed grants of an unspecified sum for experimental hospitals.
Congressional reaction to the message was along expected lines.
Customary Senate rules were ignored in order to speed approval of the Negro leader as administrator of the housing and home finance agency.
Explosion avoided
A certain vagueness may also be caused by tactical appreciation of the fact that the present council meeting is a semipublic affair, with no fewer than six Soviet correspondents accredited.
Washington
It excuses these actions as being the chain reaction to basic errors made in the previous administration.
His reply, he said, was that he agreed to the need for unity in the country now.
Until the Cuban fiasco and the Communist military victories in Laos, almost any observer would have said that President Kennedy had blended a program that respected, generally, the opinions voiced both by Mr. Nixon and the professors.
And after several correspondents went into Pathet Lao territory and exposed the huge build-up, administration spokesmen acclaimed them for performing a "great service" and laid the matter before the Southeast Asia Treaty Organization.
One factor was the statement of Senator J. W. Fulbright (D) of Arkansas, chairman of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee.
His sense of urgency in this matter stems from the fact that court cases and juvenile arrests have more than doubled since 1948, each year showing an increase in offenders.
One of these men is former Fire Chief John A. Laughlin, he said.
Mr. Hawksley said he was not critical of city residents for not knowing what to do or where to assemble in case of an air attack.
The resolution urges the governor to have a complete study of the Sunday sales laws made with an eye to their revision at the next session of the legislature.
The only day they "have a chance to compete with large supermarkets is on Sunday", the council's resolution said.
"That was before I studied law.
A petition bearing the signatures of more than 1,700 Johnston taxpayers was presented to the town council last night as what is hoped will be the first step in obtaining a home rule charter for the town.
He said that the group has no candidates for the charter commission in mind at present, but that it will undoubtedly endorse candidates when the time comes.
Action on a new ordinance permitting motorists who plead guilty to minor traffic offenses to pay fines at the local police station may be taken at Monday's special North Providence Town Council meeting.
It was greeted with a chorus of boos by 500 women in Trenton Monday at a forum of the State Federation of Women's Clubs.
Jones said he regretted Hughes had made a personal attack on a past president.
Jones, unhappy that the candidates were limited to eight minutes for a speech and no audience questions, saved his barbs for Mitchell.
It can only rebound to Mr. Hughes'discredit".
That, too, will fail".
"My experience as public safety commissioner", Roos said, "has shown me that the office of sheriff is best filled by a man with law enforcement experience, and preferably one who is a lawyer.
He is credited with setting up an annual co-operative fire prevention program in co-operation with the Red Cross and State Department of Education.
He said, "You can see signs of the Republicans'feeble attack on the Meyner administration.
The plan will provide $45 million for purchase of open land by the state.
The outgoing members, whose four-year terms will expire a week after the April 18 primary election, received carved wooden elephants, complete with ivory tusks, to remember the state committee by.
Opposition reported
In talks with Mr. Buckley last week in Washington, the Mayor apparently received the Bronx leader's assent to dropping Controller Lawrence E. Gerosa, who lives in the Bronx, from this year's ticket.
-- A wave of public resentment against corruption in government is rising in Massachusetts.
Graft in the construction of highways and other public works has brought on state and Federal investigations.
The housing bill is now in the House Rules Committee.
They are James J. Delaney of Queens and Thomas P. O'Neill Jr. of Massachusetts.
Question raised
"I'm a missionary".
Indonesia is one of the twenty under-developed countries of Asia, Africa and Latin America that are receiving Soviet aid.
The new formula for filling staff positions in the Secretariat is one of a number of recommendations made by a panel of eight in a long and detailed report.
The decision was made in Zurich by Prince Boun Oum, Premier of the pro-Western royal Government;
They had a two-hour luncheon together in "an atmosphere of cordial understanding and relaxation", she said.
While in the service he attended radio school at Scott Field in Belleville, Ill.
Within view of the avenue are some of the United States government's tremendous buildings, plus shrines and monuments.
Street car tracks run down the center of Pennsylvania, powered with lines that are underground.
division five, by the Air Force followed by 11 states.
The builtin headache of the Barnett regime thus far has been the steady stream of job-seekers and others who feel they were given commitments by Barnett at some stage of his eight-year quest for the governor's office.
Mississippi's relations with the national Democratic party will be at a crossroads during 1961, with the first Democratic president in eight years in the White House.
The year will probably start out with segregation still the most troublesome issue.
Davis may use the tax bill as a means to effect a transition from special sessions of the Legislature to normalcy.
Then he could tell them to go home, while the administration continued to wage the battle with the $28 million in extra revenues the sales tax measure would bring in over an eight months period.
It is one that most try to avoid, as long as they can see an alternative approach to the problem.
The Hughes concern then took "shortcuts" on the project but got paid anyway, Hemphill said.
On Monday, the Hughes concern was formally declared bankrupt after its directors indicated they could not draw up a plan for reorganization.
Wide range in bids
Berger insisted that "we know enough to sue for the full amount".
The new fees are expected to raise an additional $740,000 in the remainder of 1961 and $2,330,000 more a year after that.
Mrs. Knauer said she did not think dog owners should be penalized for the city's services to animal care.
Barnard, who pleaded no defense to manslaughter and hit-run charges, was fined $500 by Judge Warren K. Hess, and placed on two years'probation providing he does not drive during that time.
The corporation was formed by the Reynolds Metal Co. and the Samuel A. and Henry A. Berger firm, a Philadelphia builder, for work in the project.
Battalion Chief Stanton M. Gladden, 42, the central figure in a representation dispute between the fire fighters association and the teamsters union, suffered multiple fractures of both ankles.
Police laboratory technicians said the explosive device, containing either TNT or nitroglycerine, was apparently placed under the left front wheel.
Both have been active in the association.
Ierulli will replace Desmond D. Connall who has been called to active military service but is expected back on the job by March 31.
He cited East Germany where after 15 years of Soviet rule it has become necessary to build a wall to keep the people in, and added, "so long as people rebel, we must not give up".
The Portland school board was asked Monday to take a positive stand towards developing and coordinating with Portland's civil defense more plans for the city's schools in event of attack.
Mrs. Molvar asked again that the board join in taking a stand in keeping with Jack Lowe's program.
Beaverton School District No. 48 board members examined blueprints and specifications for two proposed junior high schools at a Monday night workshop session.
The election will be Dec. 4 from 8 a.m. to 8 p.m.
At the adoption, the Rev. T. F. Zimmerman, general superintendent, commented, "The Assemblies of God has been a bulwark for fundamentalism in these modern days and has, without compromise, stood for the great truths of the Bible for which men in the past have been willing to give their lives".
-- His substitutionary work on the cross
"Surveys show that one out of three Americans has vital contact with the church.
'church meets change'
Attorney Dwight L. Schwab, in behalf of defendant Philip Weinstein, argued there is no evidence linking Weinstein to the conspiracy, but Judge Powell declared this is a matter for the jury to decide.
Then Dick Hyde, submarine-ball hurler, entered the contest and only five batters needed to face him before there existed a 3-to-3 deadlock.
Bill Kunkel, Bob Hartman and Ed Keegan did the mound chores for the club down from West Palm Beach to play the game before 767 paying customers in Miami Stadium.
The Orioles got a run in the first inning when Breeding, along with Robinson, the two Birds who got a pair of hits, doubled to right center, moved to third on Russ Snyder's single to right and crossed on Kunkel's wild pitch into the dirt in front of the plate.
Carey singled on a slow-bouncing ball to short which Robinson cut across to field and threw wide to first.
15 pounds lighter
Duren, Sheldon on hill
It was the first of two doubles by Robinson, who was in a mood to celebrate.
-- Gaining her second straight victory, Norman B., Small, Jr.'s Garden Fresh, a 3-year-old filly, downed promising colts in the $4,500 St. Patrick's Day Purse, featured seventh race here today, and paid $7.20 straight.
-- George Kerr, the swift-striding Jamaican, set a meet record in the 600-yard run in the Knights of Columbus track meet tonight, beating Purdue's Dave Mills in a hot duel in 1.10.1.
-- Bobby Waters of Sylvania, Ga., relief quarterback for the San Francisco 49ers of the National Football League, will undergo a knee operation tomorrow at Franklin Hospital here.
That's because he already has kicked 14 extra points in 15 tries.
He kicked several while playing at Stamford High School, including one that beat Anson, 3-0, in a 1953 district game.
I've tried to teach some of the other boys to kick and some of them can't seem to get the feel.
Saxton has made only one second-half appearance this season and that was in the Washington State game, for four plays: he returned the kickoff 30 yards, gained five yards through the line and then uncorked a 56-yard touchdown run before retiring to the bench.
Assistant coach John Cudmore described victory as "a good feeling, I think, on the part of the coaches and the players.
"As soon as it started to form, Gannon spotted it", Meek said.
There is definitely some ligament damage in his knee".
End Gene Raesz, who broke a hand in the Owl's game with LSU, was back working out with Rice Monday, and John Nichols, sophomore guard, moved back into action after a week's idleness with an ankle injury.
Ramsey has a thing or two to mutter about himself, for the Dallas defensive unit turned in another splendid effort against Denver, and the Texans were able to whip the dangerous Broncs without the fullbacking of a top star, Jack Spikes, though he did the team's place-kicking while nursing a knee injury.
A quick touchdown resulted.
The husky 6-3, 205-pound lefthander, was in command all the way before an on-the-scene audience of only 949 and countless of television viewers in the Denver area.
The Bears added two more in the fifth when McAuliffe dropped a double into the leftfield corner, Paschal doubled down the rightfield line and Cooke singled off Phil Shartzer's glove.
The infield was well flooded but the expanded outfield was much too dark.
He came all the way around on Gardner's hit before 5777 fans.
"I've had it", he told a newsman.
He's mad at the world".
I can't throw.
Yes, with Bob Grove, Carl Hubbell, Herb Pennock, Art Nehf, Vernon Gomez, et al.
The record books, however, would favor the Giants'ace.
This year, I am told, the CBS network will continue to abide by the rule but NBC will play to a conclusion here.
The Yanks also took advantage of three Cincinnati errors.
He succeeds Buck Shaw, who retired at the end of last season.
In the past the club depended largely on Van Brocklin's aerials.
Skorich began his new job auspiciously today.
To Spahn will go the Sid Mercer Memorial Award as the chapter's player of the year.
The Continental League never got off the ground, but after two years it forced the existing majors to expand.
Later, Shea owned and operated the Long Island Indians, a minor league professional football team.
Horton Smith of Detroit, a former president of the Professional Golfers Association, will receive the Ben Hogan Trophy for his comeback following a recent illness.
If such a paragon of perfection as Palmer could commit such a scoring sacrilege, there was hope left for all.
He hooked the next two out of bounds on the opposite side.
"How many is that, Jim"?
The ball floated downstream.
Arnold's iron shot from the tee burrowed into the bunker guarding the green, an embankment that had become soft and spongy from the rains, thereby bringing local rules into force.
So he picked up a stroke with the provisional ball and won the tournament by the margin of that stroke.
If the Cardinals heed Manager Gene Mauch of the Phillies, they won't be misled by the Pirates'slower start this season.
Manager Hemus, eager to end a pitching slump that has brought four losses in the five games on the current home stand, moved Gibson to the Wednesday night starting assignment.
"I have to stay with Nieman for a while", Hemus said.
, Dick Stuart, Don Hoak
The Pirates jumped off to an 11-3 start by May 1 last year, when the Redbirds as well as the Dodgers held them even over the season.
The club that overcame the worst start in a comparable period to win the pennant was New York's'51 Giants, who dropped 11 of their first 13.
The trio who shared the most-valuable honors were introduced by Bob Broeg, sports editor of the Post-Dispatch.
Within a week after the injury, suffered in St. Louis's victory in the final game of the Kentucky tournament, Nordmann was sitting on the Bill's bench doing what he could to help Benington.
St. Louis U. was to be in action again today with a game scheduled at 4 against Washington University at Ligget Field.
Like the Yankees'slugger, Mays, the terror of the Giants, has had seasons that would be considered the ultimate by most players, but not by -- or for -- Willie.
With the speed and power of the body beautiful he saw before him, Ol'Case wanted No. 7 to be not only the best homerun hitter, but also the best bunter, base-runner and outfielder.
Romantic news concerns Mrs. Joan Monroe Armour and F. Lee H. Wendell, who are to be married at 4:30 p.m. tomorrow in the Lake Forest home of her brother, J. Hampton Monroe, and Mrs. Monroe.
Young Peter Wendell, a student at the Westminster school, has measles, and his sister, Mrs. Andrew Thomas, and her husband, who live in Missoula, Mont., have a new baby.
Mrs. Henry T. Sulcer of Winnetka, a new board member, will be chairman of publicity for the benefit.
Here and there
Honolulu will be Mrs. Geraghty's first stop.
The Richard S. Burkes'home in Wayne may be the setting for the wedding reception for their daughter, Helen Lambert, and the young Italian she met last year while studying in Florence during her junior year at Smith college.
The party is to raise money for the Old Town Art center and to plant more crabapple trees along the streets of Old Town.
La Russell's run in "Skylark", debuting next week at Drury Lane, already is a sellout.
You can mail contribs to Danny Thomas, Post Office Box 7599, Chicago.
Fur goodness sake!
They're contaminating the earth's atmosphere including their own via mighty megaton bombs but their own peasants still don't know about it!
Bill Veeck's health is back to the dynamo stage, but his medics insist he rest for several more months before getting back into the baseball swim.
Beginning July 4, there will be an orchestra playing nightly except Sunday and Monday for the summer season.
Cocktail party
It will be preceded by luncheon in the Teter House.
The pert, gray-haired woman who came to Denver three years ago from Buffalo, N.Y., is a "civilian" with the Army.
"I've become the greatest beggar in the world".
That is where we turn in the good old summertime.
Many with pools
Parents of the bride are Mr. and Mrs. Ferris M. Gay, 7034 Coronado.
The bride was given in marriage by her father.
Parents of the couple are Ray Meredith of Denton and the late Mrs. Meredith and Mrs. Hardy P. Mills of Floresville and the late Mr. Mills.
"A Night in New Orleans" is the gayety planned by members of the Thrift Shop Committee for May 6 at Philmont Country Club.
As for food, Mrs. Henry Louchheim, chairman of this phase, is a globetrotter who knows good food.
Mrs. Harry K. Cohen is chairman of this phase and she is getting an artistic assist from A. Van Hollander, display director of Gimbel Brothers.
For most of the 25 years the operation was under feminine direction.
In addition, Mr. and Mrs. Allan Goodman are controllers, Mrs. Paul Stone is treasurer and Mrs. Albert Quell is in charge of admittance for the dancing at 9 P.m.
"But there never is any need.
Among them will be Marc Shoettle, Ben Shahn, Nicholas Marsicano, Alfred Van Loen and Milton Avery.
Mrs. Edward App will entertain the members of her Book Club on Tuesday.
Mr. and Mrs. James F. Mitchell, with their daughter, Anne, and son, James, Jr. are spending several weeks in Florida, and will visit in Clearwater.
Mr. Wall is a student at Tulane university, where he is a member of Delta Kappa Epsilon fraternity.
Mrs. Thomas Jordan selected a black taffeta frock made with a skirt of fringed tiers and worn with crimson silk slippers.
It will be accomplished in two ways: 1
The driver told police he followed as the Negro man got out of the cab with his money.
His condition was reported to be fair.
"These are the board's minutes.
Police said he became ill while parked in front of a barber shop at 229 West Pratt Street.
Sent home for rest
Each had been shot in the back several times with a
Police said the boys are natural brothers and were adopted as small children by the Dresbachs.
Five years later, he was awarded the university's degree in law.
Nonresidential at $253,355,000, up 22 per cent;
Trouble-free, long-life, quality components will play an increasingly important part in the merchandising of new housing in 1960", Pantas predicted.
The Dreadnought was built on designs supplied by the United States in 1959 and was launched last year.
When arrested, he had the submarine secrets on a roll of candid camera film as well as anti-submarine secrets in Christmas gift wrapping, it was testified.
Refuses to grant bail
The fact that secrets of the Dreadnought, and thereby of the American undersea fleet, were involved in the spy case had been hinted at earlier.
The United States offered to supply a complete set of propelling equipment like that used in the Skipjack.
It was first tried out on a conventional submarine, the Albacore, in 1954.
Six radiomen told how, twice on two days after the ring was nabbed, a transmitter near Moscow was heard calling, using signals, times and wavelengths specified on codes found hidden in cigaret lighters in Lonsdale's apartment and the Krogers'house and also fastened to the transmitter lid.
"In the same five year period that the United States says they (the detectives) were engaged in this conspiracy", Sokol continued, "these three young men received a total of 26 creditable mentions and many special compensations, and were nominated for the Lambert Tree award and the mayor's medal".
His losses included his money bag, containing $40 to $50 and his $214 paycheck.
The defendant, William L. Stickney 3, 23, of 3211 Park pl., Evanston, who pleaded guilty to reckless driving, also was ordered by Judge James Corcoran to attend the Evanston traffic school each Tuesday night for one month.
The verdict brought vindication to the dead woman's stepson, Vincent Hengesbach, 54, who was tried for the same crime in December, 1958, and released when the jury failed to reach a verdict.
He also admitted killing Mrs. Hengesbach.
The jury foreman, Mrs. Olive Heideman, of rural Elsie, said that a ballot was not even taken until yesterday morning and that the first day of deliberation was spent in going over the evidence.
Funeral services for Mrs. Kowalski and her daughter, Christine, 11, who died of burns at the same hospital Monday, have been scheduled for 10 a.m. tomorrow in St. Anne's Catholic Church, 31978 Mound, in Warren.
"All we have left in the world is one another, and we must stay together the way Mother wanted", Kowalski said in telling his children of their mother's death yesterday afternoon.
Principal Clayton W. Pohly said he would allow a further collection between classes today, and revealed that Y-Teen Club past surpluses had been used to provide a private hospital nurse Monday for Mrs. Kowalski.
I'll need more than a single day to find the words to properly express my thanks to them".
He was found guilty of reckless driving yesterday by Traffic Judge George T. Murphy, who continued his no-driving probation for another year and ordered him to spend 15 days in the Detroit House of Correction.
The Laos government plea for help was made by Foreign Minister Tiao Sopsaisana.
Havana, April 19.
At least 20 other Americans were reported to have been arrested in a mass political roundup.
The statement explained that under the Georgia Constitution and state law, tax-exempt status is granted to educational institutions only if they are segregated.
"From its beginning", the trustees'statement said Friday, "Emory University has assumed as its primary commitment a dedication to excellence in Christian higher learning.
Patrolman G. E. Hammons said the car evidently slid out of control on rain-slick streets and slammed into the pole.
Gather here
Besides managers of downtown theaters, the students sent letters to owners of art theaters in the uptown area and Buckhead.
Mr. Ball was a house painter.
Patrolmen J. W. Slate and A. L. Crawford Jr. said they arrested Ronald M. Thomas, of 1671 Nakoma St., NW, after he assaulted the officers.
He was then subdued and placed in the police car to be taken to Grady Hospital for treatment of scratches received in the melee.
"I have enjoyed it and will feel a bit lost at least for a while", she said wistfully Friday.
This is being done so that Georgia Tech can complete the final phase of a traffic survey on the North Expressway.
Bursts into flames
Board oks pact
The conversion to magnetic tape is not yet completed, he said, and added Field's long service in state government and welfare employ gave him familiarity with the welfare program.
The staff deserves a lot of credit working down here under real obstacles".
A 12-year-old girl, Susan Elaine Smith, 9329 NE Schuyler St. was in serious condition Friday at Bess Kaiser Hospital, victim of a bicycle-auto collision in the Gateway Shopping Center, parking area, Deputy Sheriff W. H. Forsyth reported.
Monte Brooks, 67, theatrical producer and band leader, collapsed and died Thursday in a Lloyd Center restaurant.
Order of Elks, Lodge No. 142;
The family requests that flowers be omitted.
Participants in the 27 Portland companies worked one night a week through the school year, guided and counseled by adult advisors drawn from local business and industry.
Richard E. Cohn, Grant;
Results:
Blue ribbon for one dozen white eggs was taken by Nyberg.
Louis H. Grenier, clerk of the board, said that the appeals will be reviewed in December at the time the board is visiting new construction sites in the town for assessment purposes.
They told police the intruders took a mink coat worth $700, a black Persian lamb jacket worth $450;
The city sewer maintenance division said efforts will be made Sunday to clear a stoppage in a sewer connection at Eddy and Elm Streets responsible for dumping raw sewage into the Providence River.
Before hitting the pole, Mr. Stone's car brushed against a car driven by Alva W. Vernava, 21, of 23 Maple Ave., North Providence, tearing away the rear bumper and denting the left rear fender of the Vernava car, police said.
The award was made by Judge Fred B. Perkins who heard their petition without a jury by agreement of the parties.
Cranston residents have been generous contributors to the fund over the years.
Vincent Sorrentino, founder and board chairman of the Uncas Mfg. Co., has been designated a Cavaliere of the Order of Merit of the Republic of Italy.
U.S. Attorney Macon Weaver said the federal complaint, charged that the juror gave false information when asked about Ku Klux Klan membership during selection of jury.
Neither was seated on the jury.
-- The New York University Board of Trustees has elected the youngest president in the 130-year history of NYU, it was announced yesterday.
"But it did destroy the natural controls of a borer and released a new plague that wrecked a sugar cane crop", he said.
The presentation was made before several hundred persons at the annual meeting of the League at Olney Hall, College of Marin, Kentfield.
It was time to go up myself".
"There was only one power control -- a valve to adjust the fuel flow.
His spare time is spent in soaring gliders.
"Leading Nations of the West and of the East keep busy making newer nuclear weapons to defend themselves in the event the constantly threatening nuclear war should break out.
Another hoodlum, Louis Arger, drew $39,000 from Stein's janitor firm, the National Maintenance company, in three years ending in 1959, Stein disclosed in an interview.
Jerome Leavitt, a partner in the Union Liquor company, 3247 S. Kedzie Av., Dominic Senese, a teamster union slugger who is a buddy of Stein and a cousin of Tony Accardo, onetime gang chief;
Stein said he needed the money, Leavitt said, to "meet the payroll" at National Maintenance company.
Huff told Gregorio that he took the money to pay "the ordinary bills and expenses of suburban living".
When Huff attempted to cash another $100 check there Monday, hotel officials called police.
A measure of how hot the stock was, can be found in what happened to it on the market as soon as trading began.
But E.G.T. could not let the Swiss bank have even 10 shares.
Both of those have had dynamic run-ups in price on the market in recent months, both were selling at higher price-earnings and yield bases than Morton was coming to market at, and everyone who knew anything about it expected the Morton stock to have a fast run-up.
Dallas and North Texas is known world-wide as the manufacturing and distribution center of cotton gin machinery and supplies, valued in the millions of dollars.
The Continental Gin Co. began operations in Dallas in 1899.
In 1930, they began making cotton processing equipment.
The increase in mechanical harvesting of cotton makes cleaning and drying equipment a must for modern gin operation.
Cotton Belt Gin Service, Inc. of Dallas makes gin saws and started here 14 years ago.
With the March pickup, dealers are optimistic that the April-June quarter will equal or top last year.
Bill Burke, Tommie Freeman, and Lawrence Paschall of N. R. Crozier Tech. Paulah Thompson, Gerald Kestner, and Nancy Stephenson of Hillcrest;
Santa Barbara
Danger cited
While he declined to suggest, how, he said that sooner or later we must get rid of Castro, "for unless we do we're liable to face similar situations in this hemisphere.
The Dow Jones industrial average advanced 7.19 to 687.87.
The executive paid tribute to research and development and technology for their great contributions in the past, but he also cautioned industry that they tend to be great equalizers because they move at a fairly even pace within an industry and fail to give it the short-term advantage which it often needs.
Due in 1986
Gains of 2-3/4 were posted for Teleprompter and Republic Foil.
The bank installed a magnetic tape electronic data processing system to handle things.
Doyle cannot undertake to reply to inquiries.
Bad condition
The rate a week ago was 2.295%.
The industry has said 1960 was a poor year.
Though the sales gains these two dealers are experiencing are above average for their business, farm equipment sales are climbing in most rural areas.
Not all sections are showing an upswing, however;
Mr. Martin sold 21 tractors in August;
the program resulted in a cutback of around 20% in planted acreage and, as a result, reduced the immediate need for machines.
The Supreme Court decision in mid-1960 was in the case of a company making sewer pipe from clay which it mined.
Requests for substantiation, the Service indicated, can be especially expected in cases where it suspects the donor received some material benefit in return, such as tickets to a show.
The Service has not said what its next step will be.
A spouse employed by a corporation her husband controls, for example, may be entitled to distributions under the company's pension plan as well as to her own Social Security coverage.
The court held that the tax applied to non-profit sales because the corporations realized economic benefits by doing business as two separate entities.
She will receive the 1961 "Oscar" at the 24th annual Neiman-Marcus Exposition, Tuesday and Wednesday in the Grand Ballroom of the Sheraton-Dallas Hotel.
A favorite is Norman Norell, however.
Her mother was a Greer and her father's family came from the Orkney Isles.
She gave a fine portrayal of Auntie Mame on Broadway in 1958 and has appeared in live television from "Captain Brassbound's Conversion" to "Camille".
He is apt to rear back and claim his rights.
So he hides the mayonnaise.
Use one 6-ounce chicken breast for each guest.
(Leave off the ham and you call it Chicken Pontiac, says Ramsey.
The Drexel collection, called Composite, to be shown by Titche's offers a realistic approach to decorating, a mature modern that is a variation of many designs.
To bring warmth to the dining area, golden orange tones are used in the fabrics.
Guests will wear costumes typical of the Chisholm Trail Days.
In the past, the men and women have chartered planes to Las Vegas and Jamaica, buses to Mineral Wells and Kerrville and private railway coaches to Shreveport and Galveston.
Second grand prize of $5,000 went to Mrs. Clara L. Oliver for her Hawaiian coffee ring, a rich yeast bread with coconut filling and vanilla glaze.
Mr. Bolker heads a group within the building and development industry to raise funds in support of this cultural center for the performing arts.
Cocktails and a buffet supper were served to more than 100 persons who had known Dr. Swim when he practiced in Los Angeles.
What most people don't seem to realize, if they aren't tied up with the thing as I am, is that 90% of the problem is transportation.
This is a way of getting to school, but, I understand, it entails a certain loss of social status.
Sometimes the streetcar was late.
They say that when they take a car, Gloriana doesn't take her car, but rides with them.
Publisher Richardson has updated the Blue Book "but it still remains the compact reference book used by so many for those ever-changing telephone numbers, addresses, other residences, club affiliations and marriages".
She is the former Judy Chapman, daughter of John S. Chapman of this city.
And Lawrence Chase, son of the Ransom Chases, is listed at his new address in Oxford, Eng.
Pulling strings
So junior's bedroom was usually tricked out with heavy, nondescript pieces that supposedly could take the "hard knocks", while the fine secretary was relegated to the parlor where it was for show only.
Net result is some crazy-wonderful nonsense, part of which can be classed as pure slapstick.
"Skip" Hovarter back in town from a summer in the Reno-Lake Tahoe area where he ran into Rusty Warren, Kay Martin, the Marskmen and Tune Toppers -- all pulling good biz, he says.
Cafe Society opens formally this afternoon under its new ownership.
Louise Franklin cornering the gift shop market in Lauderdale.
)
-- The first in a series of five productions will be held in War Memorial Auditorium Thursday, Oct. 26.
There is no registration fee but there will be a charge of $2.50 for the luncheon to be held in the library and fine arts building.
The business education program operates with the cooperation of local high schools and business firms.
So the Christian Youth Crusade against Communisn developed and more than 300 top teenagers and 65 adult advisers from Presbyterian churches of the area sat enthralled at the four-hour program.
The first one, two years ago, changed the routine of their home life.
A family worship service will follow the program at 7:45 p.m.
The season in San Francisco will open with a special Gala Concert on November 22.
that its choreography is undistinguished and its score a shapeless assemblage of self-plagiarisms.
But, obviously, at least some things have changed for the better in Russia so far as the ballet is concerned.
Evegeni Dubovskoi conducted an exceptionally large orchestra, one containing excellent soloists -- the violin solos by the concertmaster, Guy Lumia, were especially fine -- but one in which the core of traveling players and the body of men added locally had not had time to achieve much unity.
They will be accepted at all branches of the Bay View Federal Savings and Loan Association, at a collection center in the center of the Stonestown mall, and at the Junior Museum, 16th Street and Roosevelt Way.
It has been billed as a towering monument to immorality.
In another respect, television viewers will feel right at home because most of the actors are unknowns.
As A moral shocker it is a dud.
And you think you have language problems.
"Where do you put the lighter fluid, ha, ha"?
"
"What I always say is what if somebody clobbers you in a little car like that?
High blood pressure can get the best of any of us.
The room will also feature another rarity many antiquarians would consider more important than the Duncan Phyfe furniture.
It was the first in the series of "Concerts for Young People by Young People" to be sponsored by First Lady Jacqueline Kennedy at the White House.
He expressed surprise to learn that pretty, blonde Patricia Holbrook, 16, of Mount Rainier, had attended the Joseph P. Kennedy School for the Handicapped in Boston.
A flow of correspondence between Pfohl and Miss Baldrige resulted in an invitation to the 85-student North Carolina group to play the first concert.
Everybody had heard of Van Gogh, the French impressionist.
More than 250 Scottish Rite Masons and guests gathered in their House of the Temple to pay tribute to their most prominent leader, Albert Pike, who headed the Scottish Rite from 1859 to 1891.
John had a job in a small firm where the work was dull and monotonous.
They offer to the people of this community case work service and counseling on a wide variety of family problems.
Family Service has helped hundreds of families in this area.
But he was convinced that the realities of power -- military, economic and ideological -- were the decisive factors in the struggle with the Communists and that these could not be talked away at a heads of government meeting.
Road to Vienna
Thus when Premier Khrushchev intimated even before inauguration that he hoped for an early meeting with the new President, Mr. Kennedy was confronted with a delicate problem.
But Mr. Kennedy saw value even in an informal meeting, provided that undue hopes were not raised in connection with it.
The President was especially concerned about the deadlock in the nuclear test ban negotiations at Geneva.
At the same time, there was increased reason for a quick meeting lest the Soviet leader, as a result of those episodes, come to a dangerously erroneous conclusion about the West's ability and determination to resist Communist pressure.
It was in the midst of such White House deliberations that Premier Khrushchev on May 4 made new inquiries through the U. S. Embassy in Moscow about a meeting with the President in the near future.
The announcement last week of the forthcoming encounter produced strong reactions in the U. S. of both approval and disapproval.
There was also the fact that by the time he meets Mr. Khrushchev, the President will have completed conversations with all the other principal Allied leaders.
Mollusks are a case in point.
Official encouragement is one thing, but the down-to-earth test is the allocation of diocesan and parochial funds.
The fact that the group orientation and group identification are founded on supernatural principles and nourished by the well-springs of devotion simply give them a deeper and more satisfying dimension.
It would seem to represent esprit de corps run riot.
It is natural that he should turn for his major support to a select and dedicated few from the organization which actually owns the university and whose goals are, in their opinion, identified with its highest good and (to use that oft-repeated phrase)'the attainment of excellence'".
To appreciate the nature of the gamble, it should be realized that while college teaching is almost a public symbol of security, that security does not come as quickly or as automatically as it does in an elementary school system or in the Civil Service.
There is no need here to spell out the conditions of creative teaching except to point out that, at the college level, the sense of community and of community responsibility is even more necessary than it is at other levels.
In any case it is by no means clear that formally structured organs of participation are what is called for at all.
Business Week (Aug. 9, 1961) reports that the United Aircraft Company, against which the International Association of Machinists had undertaken a strike, decided to keep its plants operating.
The fact is that any business that wants to operate successfully cannot follow the law.
Under the circumstances, the only protection for the relatively small manufacturers is to engage in exactly the kind of conspiracy with the giants for which the latter were convicted.
(P. 215) when corporate abuses were attacked, it was done on the theory that criminal penalties would be invoked rather than control.
Quite clearly the anti-trust laws are neither effective nor rational -- and yet the argument goes that they should be extended to the labor union.
Human labor was exactly that -- a commodity -- in eighteenth- and nineteenth-century America.
Compare this statement of a nineteenth-century judge with how Congressman Martin, according to the Daily Labor Report of Sept. 19, 1961, defends the necessity of enacting anti-trust legislation in the field of labor "if we wish to prevent monopolistic fixing of wages, production or prices and if we wish to preserve the freedom of the employer and his employees to contract on wages, hours and conditions of employment".
The suit against the union was successful and many workers lost their homes to pay off the judgment.
the three-front war
"That limit has now been reached".
French & Indians.
Soviet Premier Khrushchev sent New Year's hopes for peace to President-elect Kennedy, and got a cool acknowledgment in reply.
Deadly deadlock.
Reprisals are not unheard of in such situations, but the recent tendency has been for the Congress to forgive its prodigal sons.
"Unconscionable"!
But in the prospect of winning the battle loomed the specter of losing a costlier war.
Fair Dealer Humphrey upped the ante, asked cloture power for a mere majority of Senators.
But with the convening of the new Congress, he was the public man again, presiding over the Senate until John Kennedy's Inauguration.
Player was the first to feel its teeth.
But the seven-iron shot he used to approach the green strayed into a bunker and lodged in a slight depression.
As evening approached and Palmer finished his Saturday round with a disappointing one-over-par 73, this remarkable record was still intact, thanks to his Thursday and Friday rounds of 68 and 69.
But as the tour reached Pensacola a month ago, Player was leading Palmer in official winnings by a few hundred dollars, and the rest of the field was somewhere off in nowhere.
It was a dismal, drizzly day but a good one on which to score over the Augusta National course.
)
Without so much as a grimace or a gesture to show that he had noticed (although he later admitted that he had) Palmer proceeded to sink his 25-footer, and his gallery sent its explosive vocalization rolling back along the intervening fairways in reply.
As Player stepped on the first tee he knew that Palmer had birdied the first two holes and already was 2 under par for the day.
Player attacked with his four-wood and hit a shot that few who saw it will ever forget.
When Roger Eugene Maris, Mantle's muscular teammate, powers four home runs in a double-header, his performance merits awe.
Whatever the reasons, not in 30 years has a single season produced such thunderous assaults upon the bureau of baseball records, home-run division.
After 108 games in 1927, Ruth had 35 home runs.
"It has to be easier with two of them.
Mantle and Cerv use the twin beds in the bedroom;
With their huge backs and overdeveloped shoulders, both must have their clothes made to order.
This is no surprising trait for a ballplayer.
"When I've made a dumb play", he says, "I don't want to talk to anyone.
"I tell people what I think.
"You're afraid to talk to a guy you idolize".
If working in a zinc mine, which he once did for 87-1/2 cents an hour, paid more than playing center field for the Yankees, Mantle would work in a zinc mine.
for Maris so far this year).
Only two teams in each league (the Yankees and Detroit, the Dodgers and Cincinnati) are battling for first place.
The biggest single act would doubtless be staged by Frankie himself: his Inaugural wardrobe had been designed by Hollywood Couturier Don Loper, who regularly makes up ladies'ensembles.
Old and new briefly crossed paths in the U.S. Senate, then went their respective ways.
"I'm a slob", he announced.
G. David Thompson is one of those names known to the stewards of transatlantic jetliners and to doormen in Europe's best hotels, but he is somewhat of an enigma to most people in his own home town of Pittsburgh.
He could be lavishly generous with friends, cab drivers and bellboys, but with dealers he was tough.
At the opening of the Dusseldorf show, Thompson himself scarcely glanced at the treasures that he was seeing together for the last time.
They graduated together from Atlanta's Turner High School, where Valedictorian Holmes was first in the class and Charlayne third.
They also said he lied in saying that he had never been "arrested".
Such academic statesmen as James B. Conant were consulted.
he avidly reads the Wall Street Journal, and took delight in driving a $250 model A Ford for 22 years, then selling it for $300.
The religions of the people include Christianity, Mohammedanism, paganism, ancestor worship and animism.
Ordinarily a father permits his children to grow up in due time -- but when the colony received independence in 1960 the Congolese child, if one imagines him to have been born in 1908, was 52 and had until then been treated as an infant.
They also instituted a ration system under which all employers in the Congo were required to furnish their employes with clothing and adequate food.
Indeed, the Belgians discouraged higher education, fearing the creation of a native intellectual elite which might cause unrest.
rather than teach where teaching was not wanted, they would wash their hands of the mess.
A final factor which contributed greatly to the fragmentation of the Congo, immediately after independence, was the provincial structure that had been established by the Belgians for convenience in administration.
The Belgian government decided to act, and on July 10 dispatched paratroops to the Congo.
Ultimately the U.N. army in the Congo reached a top strength of 19,000, including about 5,000 from India and a few soldiers from Eire and Sweden, who were the only whites.
Lumumba fired Kasavubu.
Although the resolution might have been far more specific, it was considerably tougher than the earlier one.
The President also discussed the Bizerte deadlock with the No. 2 man in the Tunisian Government, Defense Minister Bahi Ladgham, who flew to Washington last week to seek U.S. support.
The President also conferred with emissaries from Guatemala and Nepal who are seeking more foreign aid.
"The man was bent over with his hand on his stomach", Berry said.
"Tell your company there are four of us here with guns", the elder man told Rickards.
Fred Mullen from Mercer Island, Wash.;
Mr. Kennedy had been informed early in the day of the attempt to steal the plane, kept in touch throughout by telephone.
Several police cars, loaded with armed officers, raced alongside, blazing away at the tires of the big jet.
The elder Bearden had one pistol in his hand, the other in a hip pocket.
With the money all but in hand, however, the Administration indicated that, instead of the 225,000 more men in uniform that President Kennedy had requested, the armed forces would be increased by only 160,000.
Food: stew a la Mulligatawny
Higher toll rates also are helping boost revenues.
On these bonds, price rises since February 21 easily outnumber price declines.
Swelling traffic.
As a result, the road's net revenues in the 12 months ending March 31 were 186 per cent of the annual interest payments on the turnpike bonds.
In the 12 months ended in February, 1960, the highway earned enough to cover 64 per cent of its interest load -- with the remainder paid out of initial reserves.
Progress is being made, too, in improving motorists'access to many turnpikes.
These, however, are exceptions.
About half of these are exported.
"The Olivetti plant near Turin has modern layout, modern machinery.
Chief aims of the proposed conference are worth noting.
Hong Kong interests loudly protest limiting their exports to Britain, while Spanish and Portuguese textiles pour into British market unrestrictedly.
Special depreciation on new textile machinery may be allowed.
U.S. coal is cheap, despite high wages, because of widespread mechanization of mines, wide coal seams, attactive rates on ocean freight.
What to buy out of the year's grist of nearly 15,000 book titles?
At the other are organizations like the newly formed Nassau Library System, in a high-density area, with ample resources and a rapidly growing territory to serve.
All services are given without cost to members.
Nassau is currently building a central collection of reference materials in its Hempstead headquarters, which will reach its goal of 100,000 volumes by 1965.
Freeport houses social science, pure science, and language;
Books are not the only resource of the system.
Headquarters of the Nassau system is an increasingly busy place these days, threatening to expand beyond its boundaries.
Today, more than ever before, the survival of our free society depends upon the citizen who is both informed and concerned.
Although progress has been made in America's system of libraries it still falls short of what is required if we are to maintain the standards that are needed for an informed America.
The General Assembly, which adjourns today, has performed in an atmosphere of crisis and struggle from the day it convened.
Only a token start was made in attacking the tax reappraisal question and its companion issue of attracting industry to the state.
Newspapermen and politicians especially are aware of the penetrating attention and expert analysis the league gives to public affairs.
Rusk idea strengthens United States defense
DeKalb budget shows county is on beam
Confidence in the state's economic future is reflected in the Georgia Power Company's record construction budget for this year.
Patients deserve more attention than they are getting.
Assassination, even of a tyrant, is repulsive to men of good conscience.
El Benefactor's vanity grew with his personal wealth.
What comes after Trujillo is now the puzzle.
Because the buses would not stop on the parkway, land for bus stations and for parking areas nearby will be needed.
Then they moved offices of the East German puppet government into East Berlin and began illegally to treat it as the capital of East Germany.
Remembering the step-by-step fate of Danzig and the West German misgivings about "salami" tactics, it is to be hoped that the dispatch of General Clay to West Berlin as President Kennedy's representative will mark a stiffening of response not only to future indignities and aggressions but also to some that have passed.
The Park Service makes an impressive ecological and statistical case for creating this new park.
Simply because the subverting action of firms that are not members of the Distilled Spirits Institute and of radio and TV stations that are not members of the NAB tends to spread.
State Controller Arthur Levitt, on the other hand, cannot effectively deny that he has chosen to be the candidate of those party leaders who as a rule have shown livelier interest in political power than in the city's welfare.
The vote still gives citizens a voice in the operation of their government and their party.
At his press conference Mr. Kennedy said, "All we want in Laos is peace not war a truly neutral government not a cold war pawn".
Actually it would be more accurate to say that the leader of the alliance now has swung fully behind the British policy of seeking to achieve a neutral Laos via the international bargaining table.
But this year prospects may be better.
Sam Rayburn was a good man, a good American, and, third, a good Democrat.
The demonstration of his power was never flamboyant or theatrical.
He was, of course, in the House for a very long time.
He was a fighter for those of his own party.
Simply out of bloodlust, their murderers dismembered the bodies and tossed the remains into the river.
Right now, they are pushing a resolution which would have UN use its forces to invade and subjugate Katanga.
Featherbed reversal
Time was when the house of delegates of the American Bar association leaned to the common sense side.
The craft made the familiar unwelcome flight to Havana, where, for some unknown reason, Castro rushed to the airport to express mortification to the Colombian foreign minister, a passenger, who is not an admirer of old Ten O'Clock Shadow.
The request for lower rates originated with the Southern railway, which has spent a good deal of time and money developing a 100-ton hopper car with which it says it can move grain at about half what it costs in the conventional, smaller car.
He earnestly urged a cease-fire.
He gave his life for his beliefs.
All nine members of the Inter-American Center Authority voted for Goodbody & Company's proposal to finance the long-awaited trade and cultural center.
The City of Miami recently yielded a prior claim of $8.5 million on the Graves Tract to clear the way for the project.
"No complaints or charges have been filed during the past year, either verbally or written, from any individual or group.
Inevitably this means some compromise.
The Free Democrats (12 per cent of the vote) believe a nuclear war can be avoided by negotiating with the Soviet Union, and more dealings with the Communist bloc.
One specific example is a secret "fraternity" which will "coordinate anti-Communist efforts".
5.
And what you can't see, the land underneath the water, belongs to someone, too.
It is the intent of the law that their actions be taken openly and that their deliberations be conducted openly.
Help when needed
Mr. Balaguer's troubles are by no means over.
But automation and the increasing complexity of factories has renewed the competition for jobs.
This shouldn't surprise the secretary;
A senate subcommittee headed by Sen. Jackson of Washington has been going over the State Department and has reached some predictable conclusions.
Self-criticism is a rare but needed commodity in Congress.
Mr. Goldberg has less reason for missing.
Commerce Secretary Hodges seems to have been cast in the role of pacemaker for official Washington's economic forecasters.
Another optimistic sign, this one from the Labor Department, was the report that the long rise in unemployment compensation payments "was interrupted for the first time in the week ending Feb. 25".
The move for establishment of a national seashore park on 30,000 acres of Cape Cod, from Provincetown to Chatham, is strengthened by President Kennedy's interest in that area.
First of all, the recruits will have to undergo arduous schooling.
The city has a stake in stimulating growth and purchasing power throughout outstate Missouri and Southern Illinois.
Carbondale is in the Herrin-Murphysboro-West Frankfort labor market, where unemployment has been substantially higher than the national average.
An excess of zeal
They will -- when they give up the donkey and the elephant.
And while he had headed Batista's anti-Communist section, the Batista regime did not disturb the Communists so much as more open opponents who were alleged to be Communists.
As a former President, however, Mr. Eisenhower abandoned this role to engage in partisan sniping during a New York Republican rally, and generally missed his target.
Ex-Presidents, relieved of accountability for policy, sometimes seem to feel free of accountability for their words.
The British government, concerned about the threat of unemployment in the shipbuilding industry, had put through a bill to give Cunard loans and grants totaling $50,400,000 toward the $84,000,000 cost of a new 75,000-ton passenger liner.
Gen. Taylor will report to President Kennedy in a few days on the results of his visit to South Viet Nam and, judging from some of his remarks to reporters in the Far East, he is likely to urge a more efficient mobilization of Vietnamese military, economic, political and other resources.
South Viet Nam has received $1,450,000,000 in United States aid since 1954 and the rate of assistance has been stepped up since Vice President Lyndon B. Johnson's visit last May.
He should be, as Dag Hammarskjold certainly was, a citizen of the world.
We should not become confused or let our public become confused over irrelevant questions of number or even of geography.
but the City Council will now share fully this budget-altering power.
The capital budget, for construction of permanent improvements, becomes an appropriating document instead of just a calendar of pious promises;
As the press in Cuba was gradually throttled by the Castro regime, more and more Cuban publishers, editors and correspondents were forced into exile.
According to the original program, Premier Khrushchev expected the millions looking toward the Kremlin this morning to be filled with admiration or rage -- depending upon individual or national politics -- because of the "bold program for building communism in our time" which the Congress will adopt.
Now, a close look at the schools in and around the ten largest cities, including New York, has shattered this optimism.
The villains of the piece are those who deny job opportunities to these youngsters, and Dr. Conant accuses employers and labor unions alike.
In accordance with legislation passed at the last session of Congress, each Representative is authorized to deliver to the Post Office in bulk newsletters, speeches and other literature to be dropped in every letter box in his district.
She had, with her own work-weary hands, put seeds in the ground, watched them sprout, bud, blossom, and get ready to bear.
He did say he was out of cans, the No. 3's, but "I requisitioned 22,000".
A driver of a dairy truck, who begins work at 1 a.m. finishes before breakfast, then goes out and grows a garden, and who has used the cannery to save and feed a family of five, asked, "What in the world will we do"?
Most of us would be willing to admit that forgiveness comes hard.
"I leave this church with a feeling that a great weight has been lifted off my heart, I have left my grudge at the altar and forgiven my neighbor".
Then, Jesus indicated that God's forgiveness is unlimited.
Jesus saith unto him, until seventy times seven".
She asked.
"Does he ever bore you"?
And if you bore each other then, heaven help you.
The pulpit is a lonely place.
He does not expect to get great riches or he would not have chosen to answer the call to preach.
We expect bestowal of God's love through him.
He had that day attended a country auction, and he had come back with a prize.
Walking along the lake before breakfast, Mr. Podger had seen the feather, and the bird that had lost it in flight.
Would the driver see the turtle?
Mr. Podger smiled.
I do it, lots o'times -- I like to lie in a hammock at night, by myself, when it's all quiet.
She said.
As the South begins another school year, national and even world attention is directed at the region's slow progress toward racial equality in the public schools.
In Houston, there were a few incidents of friction between whites and Negroes, none of which were serious.
Perhaps the most eloquent move toward removal of racial barriers has been in Dallas.
They insist they are ashamed of such violence and intimidation as occurred in Alabama when the Freedom Riders sought to break down racial discrimination in local bus depots.
Since moving from a Chicago suburb to Southern California a few months ago, I've been introduced to a new game called Lanesmanship.
But it is done, consistently and I'm both surprised and impressed.
An out-of-town writer came up to Paul Richards today and asked the Oriole manager if he thought his ball club would be improved this year.
Some brilliant rookies nailed them down, so that this spring just two spots, left and right field, are really up for grabs.
You can't expect it, though.
But they expect to reduce his over-all offensive production.
Where, then, can we look for improvement?
He hasn't played too much, because Richards has been working on him furiously in batting practice.
Of course, this isn't taking into consideration the population of Nevada and New York city, but it's the way things look from here at this point.
But we don't think she creates them.
But I do and my psychiatrist does, too.
For the young child this may be no more than providing food, light or movement.
What I do is to try to bring him into contact with reality as much as possible.
The other children in the class use this same coloring book and do a fairly good job with things their proper color.
Seen in decorating circles of late is a renewed interest in an old art: embroidery.
For a particularly fabulous room which houses a collection of fine English Chippendale furniture, fabric wall panels were embroidered with a typically Chinese-inspired design of this revered Eighteenth Century period.
Out of this session may come: 1
Viewed from afar, the CDC looks like a rather stalwart political pyramid: its elected directorate fans out into an array of district leaders and standing committees, and thence into its component clubs and affiliated groups -- 500 or so.
In all probability, the council will screen and endorse candidates for the Assembly and for Congress, and then strive to put its full weight behind these pre-primary favorites.
note: We've just received an announcement of the 54th Assembly district post-reapportionment organizing convention Wednesday night in South Pasadena's War Memorial Bldg., which graphically illustrates the CDC's broad appeal.
President Kennedy's latest warning to the Communist world that the United States will build up its military strength to meet any challenge in Berlin or elsewhere was, somewhat surprisingly, reported in full text or fairly accurate excerpts behind the Iron Curtain.
Over 4 million shares were sold, the highest figures since early June.
Washington apparently decided to use an old formula, by injecting large military appropriations to speed the slow revival of the U.S. economy after a prolonged slump".
"A better position for negotiations is the real point of this speech.
The crisis was artificially stirred up by the Kremlin (Wall Street) and the Red Army (Pentagon) egged on by the West Germans (East Germans).
When founded by Franklin the Gazette was a weekly family newspaper and under its new name its format remained that of a newspaper but its columns gradually contained more and more fiction, poetry, and literary essays.
But watching Mrs. Cyril Ring, Berniece Dalton Janssen, Mrs. Robert Jarvis, Mrs. Walter Adams order low-calorie seafood, no bread, I could see the Ziegfeld Girls of 1920 were determined to be glamorous grandmothers of 1961.
Wider space between iron bars and agreement by prison boards to substitute rubber in 20 per cent of metal.
6.
Both Aristotle and Homer may in spirit be contemplating "bust" of the old-fashioned American dollar.
Not only is Mr. Frelinghuysen a member of the House Foreign Affairs Committee, but he is the grandson of the man who was instrumental in opening relations between the United States and Korea, Frederick T. Frelinghuysen, Secretary of State in the administration of Chester A. Arthur.
He invited Mr. Case to stop by to say hello if he ever visited the academy and then added that he was on the managerial staff of the freshman football team
Since it was issued in the spring of 1611, the King James Version has been most generally considered the most poetic and beautiful of all translations of the Bible.
However, an initial perusal and comparison of some of the famous passages with the same parts of other versions seems to speak well of the efforts of the British Biblical scholars.
John tried to dissuade him.
)
Mostly contemporary
Sizzling temperatures and hot summer pavements are anything but kind to the feet.
Coolest shade
Contrast trim provides other touches of color.
In addition, the motor has the seal of approval of the Underwriters Laboratories, which means it is safe.
Several dentists and patients with special dental problems have experimented with the device.
This is a common symptom and the cause usually is pressure on the nerve leading to the affected hand.
There are many possibilities, including poor circulation, a variety of neurological conditions, and functional disorders.
It usually goes up.
For sheer ambition, take the Decca series titled modestly "Wisdom".
As a contemporary bonus, the set includes Carl Sandburg's address at a joint session of Congress, delivered on Lincoln's birthday two years ago.
In an effort to fortify himself against the unforseen upsets sure to arise in the future, Herbert A. Leggett, banker-editor of the Phoenix "Arizona Progress", reflects upon a few of the depressing experiences of the feverish fifties.
One of the obstacles to the easy control of a 2-year-old child is a lack of verbal communication.
But even mother's loving attitude will not always prevent misbehavior.
If he can't play with Mommy's magazines, he should have some old numbers of his own.
Remove the child from the scene of his misbehavior.
Undergraduates
Too often, unless he hails them, they pass him by.
He sits in the stands and he doesn't like that.
the long runs on the kick-offs;
There are eight states in which the largest urban vote can be the balance of power in any close election.
A GOP "task force'committee will seek to find out how its party may win support from the ethnic and minority groups in cities.
The present Republican leadership as practiced by Mundt, Goldwater, Bridges, Dirksen, et al, is repeating the errors of the party leadership of the 1930s.
It will early know why the party won't win back city votes.
Neither had a choice other than to accept the invitation.
"If an opponent accuses you of lying, don't deny it.
The Chamber has not arranged a pre-legislative forum.
A Republican survey says Kennedy won the'60 election on the religious issue.
Bostitch, Inc. is approximately half way through a 10-year exemption of their real estate tax.
We in East Greenwich have the example of two neighboring communities, one currently utilizing double sessions in their schools, and the other facing this prospect next year.
3.
I feel compelled to write this because I am greatly concerned with the problem of community growth rate and the relation between types of growth in a town such as East Greenwich.
Rev. DeWitt Clemens, pastor of the Mathewson Street Methodist Church;
The following week, I read in the Sunday paper that the students of Russia begin European and Asian languages in the seventh grade.
Words cannot tell of the undivided attention and comfort their service gave to me.
No psychiatrist could tell me that the experience in a war can not have its effect in the ensuing years.
As a result, it takes a little longer than it would on the outside where the family physician knows about the patient.
We veterans acknowledge the fact that as time passes the demand for medical care at VA hospitals will grow proportionately as age fosters illness.
What does he think a remark like this "lousy" one does to our prestige and morale?
Short shorts on the campus
No matter how hot the day, they are dressed properly and not in shorts.
But why is it the special responsibility of the CTA to help these people?
There is a trend to packaging meat at a central source, freezing it, and shipping it to outlying stores, where meat cutters will not be required.
What it is trying to do is to protect the little man, too, as well as trying to maintain a flow of fresh meat to all stores, with choice of cut being made by the consumer, not the store.
My discussion with reference to the resolution was that we should commend those citizens who serve as judges of election and who properly discharge their duty and polling place proprietors who make available their private premises, and not by innuendo criticize them.
Please do put more pictures and articles in about Liberace, as he is truly one of our greatest entertainers and a really wonderful person.
Washington, Aug. 4
Yet your editorial said: "Now the Attorney General writes that no considerations'justify any loss of revenue of this proportion'".
I think we have the hardest working, best representative in Congress.
In covert socialism -- toward which America is moving -- private enterprise retains the ownership title to industries but government thru direct intervention and excessive regulations actually controls them.
As we understand, this directive was given to all city and county employes.
If in a town of 2,000 private homes, half of them have shelters, the need for the community shelters will be reduced to that extent.
to the editor:
Sir -- Permit me to commend your editorial in which you stress the fact that a program of county colleges will substantially increase local tax burdens and that taxpayers have a right to a clear idea of what such a program would commit them to.
This is taxation without representation.
Sir -- An old man is kicked to death by muggers.
Parkway courtesy
The fossilized remains of many of these trees are found embedded in the clay.
He said, "Let's work for peace instead of protection from aggression".
The speaker suggested that the desolation of a post-attack world would be too awful to face.
I feel that few burglars would be prone to break and enter into someone's apartment if they were met with a good hardy growl that a dog would provide.
Why not put a cafe in each so the tourists would not have to travel too far to eat?
For a neutral Germany
We have no right to criticize them, as they realize they would be sitting ducks in a nuclear war.
If the Communists are sincere in wanting a united, neutral and disarmed Germany, it might well be advantageous for the German people in this nuclear age.
It is up to the Assembly to take action against them.
But they refuse, as do the Arab states, to support the United Nations'expenses of maintaining the United Nations Emergency Force in the Middle East as a buffer between Egypt and Israel, and the U.N. troops in the Congo, which expenses are not covered by the regular budget of the United Nations, but by a special budget.
Yet although the Kennedy Administration, and the Eisenhower Administration before it, have both declared themselves solidly for repeal of the Connally amendment, as contrary to our best interests, no action has yet been taken.
This "holds" the local until the express passengers change trains.
Fair-priced funeral
Kiwanis, American Legion and other groups donate small sums and the mothers do what they can to bring in dollars for its support.
I was surprised at Mayor Miriani's defeat, but perhaps Mayor-elect Cavanagh can accomplish some things that should have been done years ago.
to the editor:
Writers of ads must get their inspiration from the attitude of "modern" parents they have observed.
Maybe he will help to turn our fair city into a "ghost" town.
to the editor of the Inquirer:
If an atom bomb in 1945 could destroy an entire city surely the atomic arsenal we now have is more than adequate to fulfill any military objective required of it.
To our everlasting shame, we led the world in this nuclear arms race sixteen years ago when we dropped the first bombs on Hiroshima and Nagasaki.
to the editor of the Inquirer:
Had it been bestowed while the Secretary General of the United Nations was living, unquestionably he would have been greatly encouraged in pursuing a difficult and, in many ways, thankless task.
P.S.
Each one of these is, by its nature, a focal point or a point of natural congestion.
This could be accomplished without the tremendous expenditures necessitated by the Schuylkill Expressway and without destroying the natural beauty of the East River Drive.
but it can't remind one of the freedom that Washington and the Continental soldiers fought for.
The whole official City apparently has an intense hatred toward birds.
-- in this small way do the leaders of a city, or of a nation, inure the masses to watching, or even inflicting, torture and death, upon even their fellow men.
Ashamed of our wealth and power, afraid of so-called world opinion and addicted to peace, we have allowed our soft-heartedness to lead to soft-headed policies.
A sweetheart arrangement can come about as often by employers doing the corrupting as by unscrupulous labor leaders demanding tribute.
And now, of course, the hue and cry for counter-escalation is being raised on our side.
His proposal is opposed to that of Richard Nixon, Governor Rockefeller, past chairmen Strauss and McCone of the Atomic Energy Commission, Dr. Edward Teller and those others now enjoying their hour of triumph in the exacerbation of the cold war.
When one powerful nation strives to emulate the success of another, it is only natural.
The official statistics show that 60 per cent are employed workers or independent professional people.
State Department officials refusing to show their passes at the boundary, and driving two blocks into East Berlin under military escort, will not avail.
The head was then fixed on a pole at Westminster, and the rest of the body was buried under the gallows.
Since he has just shown who is top dog, he may not be ready to receive this highest honor in the gift of the Soviet people.
What is interesting is that his positive qualifications for the post were revealed only as a kind of tail to his candidacy.
structurally, the U.N. is still fluid, vulnerable to the pressures that its new and enlarged membership are bringing to bear upon it.
Heavily armed and mobilized as a fast-moving Civil Defense outfit, 23 operators and office personnel stand ready to move into action at a minute's notice".
A more dangerous formula for national frustration cannot be imagined.
Yet it is plainly time to make a start, and to be effective the first move should be highly dramatic, without being fanatical.
Independence Day is the appropriate date as a symbolical reminder of the American article of faith that governments are instituted among men to secure to them certain inalienable rights, the first of which is life, and when any government becomes subversive of that end, it is the right of the people to alter or abolish it.
Since appeals to morality, to humanity, and to sanity have had such small effect, perhaps our last recourse is the deterrent example.
So, while we properly inveigh against the new poisoning, history is not likely to justify the pose of righteousness which some in the West were so quick to assume when Mr. Khrushchev made his cynical and irresponsible threat.
But the PHS conceded that the new radioactive particles "will add to the risk of genetic effects in succeeding generations, and possibly to the risk of health damage to some people in the United States".
The lack of scientific unanimity on the effects of radiation is due in part to insufficient data covering large population groups, from which agreed-on generalizations could be drawn.
The prevailing official attitude then seemed to be that fallout, if not exactly good for you, might not be much worse than a bad cold.
To this must be added the 90 to 92 megatons of fission yield produced between the dawn of the atomic age in 1945 and the informal three-power test moratorium that began in November, 1958.
This third choice was in fact made.
Its primary advantage is that it is a moral choice;
Besides the lack of an adequate ethical dimension to the Governor's case, one can ask seriously whether our lead over the Russians in quality and quantity of nuclear weapons is so slight as to make the tests absolutely necessary.
The refusal to resume atmospheric testing would be a good start.
Equally significant, Pope John has said that Catholics themselves bear some responsibility for Christian disunity.
Can any Christian fail to respond to these words?
Four hundred million dollars of the increase is for the expanded space program, a responsibility similarly neglected by Mr. Eisenhower.
Several effects were immediately evident.
It was expected that the comparison of different approaches to ethics would produce a better grasp of each other's positions and better comprehension of one's own.
And then I put the question as pointedly as I could directly to Chiang Kai-shek: "In America", I said, "practically no one believes that you subjectively intend to re-enter the Mainland.
"The President says", the translator came in, "that the reason he asked you where you were going is because he hoped you would be visiting other areas in Southeast Asia, and that everywhere you went, you would seek the answer to your question.
The estimates vary widely on the strength of the Chinese army.
They think, perforce, of physical survival: everything else is secondary.
Leninism-Marxism, as understood by Exegete Mao.
and where it is not, it is left with no residue, and the social meaning of this is enormous.
Tibet is too vast, the terrain is too difficult.
I remarked jocularly to the President that the future of China would be far more certain if he would invite a planeload of selected American Liberals to Quemoy on an odd day.
The crisis burns these suddenly away.
Now, everyone knows -- or knew in the week of December 10 -- that something had gone shockingly wrong with American foreign policy.
in relation to Laos, Algeria, South Africa;
No matter that the Katanga operation is strategically insane in terms of Western interests in Africa.
It is the consequence of the system of ideas that constitutes the frame of our international -- and in some degree our domestic -- policy.
To write a play, the dramatist once needed an idea plus the imagination, the knowledge of life and the craft to develop it.
The only original works attempting to reach any stature: Tennessee Williams'disappointing domestic comedy, Period Of Adjustment, and Arthur Laurents'clever but empty Invitation To A March.
Some memorable plays have been drawn from books, notably Life With Father and Diary Of Anne Frank.
The real trouble seems to be the failing imagination of U.S. playwrights.
between performances, enthusiastic young men from the audience will take the floor to demonstrate their own amateur graces.
This is done at varying speeds, ranging from the slow and fast Shifte Telli (a musical term meaning double strings) to the fastest, ecstatic Karshilama (meaning greetings or welcome).
one of the best dancers, a Turkish girl named Semra, works at a roadhouse outside Bristol, Conn.
Many belly dancers are married, but Serene is one of the few who will admit it.
This state of unawareness may not last much longer.
The son of a railway stationmaster, Schiele lived most of his childhood in the drowsy Danubian town of Tulln, 14 miles northwest of Vienna.
Drafted into the Austrian army, he rebelliously rejected discipline, wangled a Vienna billet, went on painting.
It seems that Khrushchev himself took a very special pride in having made a world-shaking contribution to Marxist doctrine with his Draft Program (a large part of his twelve-hour speech at the recent Congress was, in fact, very largely a rehash of that interminable document).
The Draft Program was interesting in other respects, too.
Molotov, in particular, is being charged with all kinds of sins -- especially with wanting to cut down free public services, to increase rents and fares;
The effect of Chou En-lai's clash with Khrushchev, together with the everlasting attacks on Molotov & Co., has shifted the whole attention of the world, including that of the Soviet people, from the "epoch-making" twenty-year program to the present Soviet-Chinese conflict.
To these people, solidarity and unity with China should be the real basis of Russia's future policy.
He seems strong enough inside the party to cope with any internal opposition;
They feel that World War 3, has already begun, and they are setting themselves up as a "last line of defense" against the Communist advance.
They were shown how to advance against an enemy outpost atop a cleared ridge.
I will also be underpaid.
The only hope which good teachers have for being paid their due is to stop dragging the dead weight of poor teachers up the economic ladder with them.
For him to ignore the political consequences involved in an Atlantic Union of this kind is difficult to understand.
Listen to what Mr. Johnston has to say: "Consider the savage wounds that isolationism would inflict.
-- ed.
The possibility of recall into the Army is part of the price that a modern American has to pay for the enviable heritage of liberty which he enjoys.
This confuses me no end.
"On trial in Jakarta for having flown for the Indonesian anti-Communist insurgents, U.S. pilot Alan Lawrence Pope boldly told the court that in supporting the freedom fighters, he was actually defending the sovereignty and independence of Indonesia.
He has been in prison since May, 1958, when his aircraft was shot down over Moluccas.
Consider this table: 1.
Louis 16, -- Kennedy.
This affects us all intimately, and can leave us hopeless in the face of widespread distress.
Congratulations to N.C. for successfully delving into the heart of the problems that face the Peace Corps.
A Peace Corps official described the editorial as "precisely the message we need to communicate to the men and women who will soon be Peace Corps volunteers".
Besides, there are no longer enough corruptible journalists about.
The objective should be to provide a method of getting into print a higher percentage than is now possible of the relevant information in the possession of reporters and editors.
This is no criticism of them, as they obviously cannot get a half-hour program into a fifteen-minute news summary.
For a college of propaganda
We set up the Lloyd's Neck school, worked out its curriculum, and taught there.
Let the media clean house, too
Until the work actually appears I am not privileged to analyze it publicly in detail.
We are left to choose between the two Lindemanns.
Those would be reserved for the orchestra's great nights when the soloist can surpass himself.
It got the kind of scrambled, coarsened performance that can happen to best of orchestras when the man with the baton lacks technique and style.
Well, now we have two big theaters.
Not La Dietrich.
Well, Dietrich won't budge from McCormick Place.
Abstractions and semi-abstractions by Everett McNear are being exhibited by the University Gallery of Notre Dame until Nov. 5.
Well, Jerebohm and his wife Pinkie have reached the stage of affluence that stirs a longing for the more atrociously expensive rustic simplicities.
The stained-glass windows may have developed unpremeditated patinas, the paneling may be no more durable than the planks in a political platform.
One of those capital-gains ventures, in fact, has saddled him with Gore Court.
One of the local callers, a retired brigadier apparently left over from Kipling's tales of India, does not approve of the way Larkin gets his birds.
The complexities of communication have been considerably abetted in this case by appropriately stilted English language that has been excellently dubbed in place of the Russian dialogue.
There are other good representations of peasants and people of the court by actors who are finely costumed and magnificently photographed in this last of the Russian films to reach this country in the program of joint cultural exchange.
An enthusiastic audience confirmed the "live" character of the hour, and provided the interaction between musician and hearer which almost always seems to improve the quality of performance.
)
Still, the network's willingness to experiment in this musical field is to be commended, and future essays happily anticipated.
This big, flexible voice with uncommon range has been superbly disciplined.
His bel canto style gave the performance a special distinction.
This features the marching songs of several nations, recorded as though the various national bands were marching by your reviewing stand.
In some of the numbers the instrumental parts have even been recorded at different times and then later combined on the master tape to produce special effects.
Pass In Review practically guarantees enjoyment, and is a dramatic demonstration of the potentialities of any stereo music system.
Thus, in "The Story Of Ruth" we have Ruth, Naomi, and Boaz and sets that are meticulously authentic.
If a man totally ignorant of America were to judge our land and its civilization based on Hollywood alone, what conclusions do you think he might come to?
A Sonata For Violin And Piano, called "Bella Bella", by Robert Fleming, was given its first United States performance.
She played with style and a touch of the grand manner, and every piece she performed was especially effective in its closing measures.
Miss Xydis was best when she did not need to be too probing.
He had been a corps commander during the disastrous defeat and retreat of 1942 when the ill-prepared, ill-equipped British forces "were outmaneuvered, outfought and outgeneraled".
Remaking an army to win
health, hygiene, medical aid and preventive medicine;
"It only does harm to talk to troops about new and desirable equipment which others may have but which you cannot give them.
Under the capable direction of the choir's founder, Geroge Bragg, the twenty-six boys made some lovely sounds in an opening group of Renaissance and Baroque madrigals and motets, excerpts from Pergolesi's "Stabat Mater" and all of the Britten "Ceremonial Of Carols".
The piano accompaniments by Istvan Szelenyi were stylish.
The material is all basically of folk origin, gleaned from every section of Poland.
There is, for example, a stunning Krakowiak that closes the first act;
The dialogue is sharp, witty and candid -- typical "don't eat the daisies" material -- which has stamped the author throughout her books and plays, and it was obvious that the Theatre-by-the-Sea audience liked it.
And for his playmate, Francis Coletta of West Warwick, who has a bit part, Billy.
They not only think and feel cliches but live cliches as well.
Miss Stuart is as intensely vibrant as one could wish, almost an icy shriek threatening to explode at any moment.
", and Berman sifted out all alone on the stage with the ambling chords and beat of the song just whispering into being.
All told, "Where's Charley?
" Performed in New York by the original cast and I think this company is every bit as good, and perhaps better.
all the words of its clever lyrics came through with perfect clarity.
Loew's theater presents "Where The Boys Are", an MGM picture produced by Joe Pasternak and directed by Henry Levin from a screenplay by George Wells.
Dolores Hart, is charming in a leading role, and quite believable.
For this latest addition to the Great Letters Series, under the general editorship of Louis Kronenberger, Miss Hardwick has made a selection which admirably displays the variety of James's genius, not to mention the felicities of his style.
Although I absolutely reject the Platonism of it, I have literally squealed with delight at the imperturbable perfection with which the position is laid down on page after page".
As far as the rising generation goes, why not simply express ourselves positively, and trust that the truer view quietly will displace the other.
A burlesque paean entitled: "Hark The Herald Tribune, Times, And All The Other Angels Sing" brilliantly succeeds in exaggerating even motion-picture ballyhooey.
'It's just a bat', said my wife reassuringly, and I sighed with relief.
For many readers Thurber comes closer than anyone else in sight.
But this argument cannot be pushed very far because the Communist system makes up for any shortcomings of its leaders in respect to corrosion.
It might be that Low has seen too many stupidities and that they do not outrage him now.
Instead the cartoons seem to deal with foibles.
The fox is all ingratiating smiles when he arrives from New Orleans, accompanied by one wharf rat.
But it's hard to imagine Mr. Burman as a Nobel laureate on the basis of these charming but not really momentous fables.
And Harry Dexter White, implicated in F.B.I. reports in Communist associations, was one of the architects of the Morgenthau Plan, which had it ever been put into full operation, would have simply handed Germany to Stalin.
He also speaks of Franklin D. Roosevelt's "puerile" assumption that "if only he (Stalin) could be exposed to the persuasive charm of someone like F.D.R. himself, ideological preconceptions would melt and Russia's co-operation with the West could be easily arranged".
"Had a world war not been in progress, there would never, under any conceivable stretch of the imagination, have been an Allied intervention in North Russia".
a man who was most dangerous of all to those who were his closest collaborators in crime.
In "Donnybrook", there is quite a different Eire, a rural land where singing, dancing, fist-fighting and romancing are the thing.
His matchmaking is, naturally, incidental, and it only serves Flynn right when a determined widow takes him by the ear and leads him off to matrimony.
"Donnybrook" is no "Brigadoon", but it does have some very nice romantic background touches and some excellent dancing.
The task of taking the raw material of Marcel Pagnol's original trio of French films about people of the waterfront in Marseilles and putting them again on the screen, after their passage through the Broadway musical idiom, was a delicate and perilous one, indeed.
Paul Paray, rounding out his current stint with the orchestra, is a solid musician, and the Philharmonic plays for him.
And in the Prokofieff C major Piano Concerto, with Zadel Skolovsky as soloist, he was an admirable partner.
Taken as a whole, though, it was a strong performance from both pianist and orchestra.
After all, the opera has juicy music to sing and the goodies are well distributed, with no less than six leading parts.
Part of this characterization was, of course, accomplished with the vocal chords.
The original impulses came to England late (in the sixteenth century) and continue strong long after everyone else had gone on to the baroque basso continuo, sonatas, operas and the like.
Only with the more sensual, intense and baroque expressions of Marenzio, Monteverdi and Gesualdo does the singing seem a little superficial.
BAM is the unlikely name of a French recording company whose full label is Editions De La boite A Musique.
All these records have close, attractive sound and the performances by a variety of instrumentalists is characteristic.
Ellie Mao, soprano, and Frederick Fuller, baritone, presented a program of folksongs entitled "East Meets West" in Carnegie Recital Hall last night.
The poor uneducated newlywed, a certain Gontran De Boismassif, has his problems in getting the necessary information.
the work uses the old eighteenth-century tradition of giving the part of a young inexperienced youth to a soprano.
She's not plump.
At the start of her program there were evidences of pique.
Sometimes they struck me as horribly over-arranged -- which was the way I felt about her "Come Rain or Come Shine" -- and sometimes they were just plain magnificent, like her shatteringly beautiful "Beautiful Weather".
Several times it came near breaking, and there were in fact some lovely peals of thunder from Jerry Mulligan's big band, which is about as fine an aggregation as has come along in the jazz business since John Hammond found Count Basie working in a Kansas City trap.
After the spate of female vocalists we have been having, all of whom took Sarah as a point of departure and then tried to see what they could do that might make her seem old hat, it seemed that all that has happened is to make the real thing seem better than ever.
From this taste of the 1920s, we leaped way out to Stan Getz's private brand of progressive jazz, which did lovely, subtle things for "Baubles, Bangles And Beads", and a couple of ballards.
Hendricks'story was designed for children and he had a small audience of small children right on stage with him.
It all went very well.
What a discussion can ensue when the title of this type of song is in question.
"Take hands;
A brisk, satirical spoof of contemporary American mores entitled "An American Journey" was given its first New York performance at Hunter College Playhouse last night by the Helen Tamiris-Daniel Nagrin Dance Company.
All the performances of the evening were smooth and assured, and the sizable company, with Mr. Nagrin and Marion Scott as its leading dancers, seemed to be fine shape.
But they were not what distinguished his performance.
Today, in the era of the integrated musical when an individual song must contribute to the over-all development of the show, it is understandable that a song, no matter how excellent it may be on its own terms, is cut out because it does not perform the function required of it.
If one of Mr. Rodgers'melodies seemed to deserve a better fate than interment in Boston or the obscurity of a Broadway failure, Mr. Hart was likely to deck it out with new lyrics to give it a second chance in another show.
Robert Morse, singing with comically plaintive earnestness, carries most of the burden and is responsible for the high spots in Frank Loesser's score.
Not content to create only the music and lyrics, Noel Coward also wrote the book and directed Sail Away (Capitol WAO 1643;
Unfortunately, the whole picture hinges on this romance, at the expense of everything else.
Only once in a very long while comes a book that gives the reader a magic sense of sharing a rare experience.
This is not only a compliment to Mijbil, of whom there are a fine series of photographs and drawings in the book, but to the author who has catalogued the saga of a frightened otter cub's journey by plane from Iraq to London, then by train (where he lay curled in the wash basin playing with the water tap) to Camusfearna, with affectionate detail.
it is as though some pressure had suddenly been lifted, allowing an intense awareness a sharpening of the senses".
This reviewer read the book when it was first brought out in England with a sense of discovery and excitement.
The government pays a subsidy for revival of the classics, and this policy attracts experimenters who sometimes put Moliere's characters in modern dress and often achieve interesting results.
I say "apparently" although I saw Jouvet as Arnolphe when he visited this country shortly before his death;
Louis Seigner, who formerly played the deluded benefactor opposite Ledoux, is the Tartuffe of the present production, which he himself directed.
In that function, he helps to rebut another legend about the Comedie.
Django Reinhardt, the ill-fated gypsy, was a true artist, one who demonstrated conclusively the power of art to renew itself and flow into many channels.
This is a choice item and Grappely deserves mention too, of course.
Phil Gomez, clarinet;
There were 8,000 persons at the Stadium who can tell their grandchildren that they heard Elman.
It was nice to have something a little up-to-date for a change.
When the husband drops the case and returns to his wife, both seem sorry they brought the matter up in the first place.
The "Taras Bulba" excerpt is a rousing version of Gogol's Ukrainian folk-tale choreographed by Bo Fenster to music of Soloviev-Sedoi.
The middle section of the program was made up of short numbers, naturally enough of unequal merit, but all of them pretty good at that.
He traveled alternately with Mr. Kennedy and with Richard M. Nixon.
As a dramatic narrative "The Making Of The President 1960" is continuously engrossing.
Mr. Nixon, he believes, has no particular political philosophy and mismanaged his own campaign.
He enlisted a staff of loyal experts and of many zealous volunteers.
To understand American politics is, simply, to know people, to know the relative weight of names -- who are heroes, who are straw men, who controls, who does not.
The years suddenly fell away at this point.
He even buys a lot of the products he sees advertised -- despite the fact that the copy makes no special bid for his favor and sponsors rarely use any but white models in commercials.
Stations programing to Negro listeners are having to upgrade their shows in order to keep pace with rising educational, economic, and cultural levels.
A half-dozen other stations in the New York area also bid for attention of the city's Negro population, up about 50 per cent in the past decade.
"race" music, folk songs and melodies, and gospel programs.
Staged by way of announcing the gift of a large and intimate Sloan collection by the artist's widow, Helen Farr Sloan, to the Wilmington Society of the Fine Arts, the exhibition presents a survey of Sloan's work.
In addition to the paintings are drawings, prints, and illustrations.
There are 151 items in the Wilmington show, including one painting by each member of the "Eight", as well as work by Sloan's friends and students.
The 32 C Minor Variations with which he opened moved fluently yet logically from one to another, leaving the right impression of abundance under discipline.
but no amount of head-tossing could make it so.
It is the business of cosmologists, the scientists who study the nature and structure of the universe, to try to solve the great cosmic mysteries by using keys that have clicked open other doors.
Dr. Bonnor begins with a discussion of the relativistic theories of the universe, based on the general theory of relativity.
New galaxies are forever being formed to fill in the gaps left by the receding galaxies.
Because electrical forces (the charge-excess) are far more powerful than gravitation, the surface hydrogen atoms would shoot away from the sphere.
In doing away with the tea tray, the elephants and the giant tortoise, science has developed a series of rationally defensible explanations of the cosmos.
But this is a theme which does not take so much time to state as Mr. Wesker dedicates to it.
But I am afraid Mr. Wesker's meat and potatoes dish isn't well seasoned enough for local audiences.
At first hardly a person in the audience moved, although some umbrellas were opened.
Said Benedick: "Lady Beatrice, have you wept all this while"?
Mr. Papp has directed a performance that has verve and pace, although he has tolerated obvious business to garner easy laughs where elegance and consistency of style would be preferable.
Clever light songs were overly coy, tragic songs a little too melodramatic.
Alvin Ailey and Carmen De Lavallade appeared in the first New York performance of Mr. Ailey's "Roots Of The Blues", a work given its premiere three weeks ago at the Boston Arts Festival.
"Perhaps it is better to stay at home.
Too many books and articles are just assembled by putting one word after another.
"A writer lives, at best, in a state of astonishment", he says.
tulips with "petals wide and shaggy as a spaniel's ears";
WBAI, the listener-supported outlet on the frequency-modulation band, has decided to do what it can to correct this aural void.
But quite conceivably an altogether different impression will obtain when the work is offered in the theatre and there can be other effects to relieve the burden on the author's words.
Other Saturdays are devoted to studies of a selected American composer, a particular type of music or the music of a given country.
the sweet and funny little dance about potato planting called "Bul'ba";
Foliage pilgrimages, either organized or individual, are becoming an autumn item for more and more Americans each year.
New Hampshire figures its peak around Columbus Day and boasts of all its hardwoods including the yellow of the birches.
The most brilliant displays are along the Skyline Drive above Virginia's Shenandoah Valley and throughout the Great Smokies between North Carolina and Tennessee.
In Colorado, Ouray has its Fall Color Week Sept. 22-29, Rye and Salida both sponsor Aspencades Sept. 24, and Steamboat Springs has a week-long Aspencade Sept. 25-30.
Every Wednesday night through Oct. 11 there will be an elaborate colored fountain display, with 229 nozzles throwing jets of water up to 130 feet.
Here, in the most eagerly awaited novel of the season (his first since The Catcher In The Rye,) he tells of a college girl in flight from the life around her and the tart but sympathetic help she gets from her 25-year-old brother.
Rural Free,
With harvests in full swing, you can enjoy festivals for grapes at Sonoma, Calif. (Sept. 22-24), as well as for cranberries at Bandon, Ore. (Sept. 28 thru Oct. 1), for buckwheat at Kingwood, W. Va. (Sept. 28-30), sugar cane at New Iberia, La. (Sept. 29 thru Oct. 1) and tobacco at Richmond, Va. (Sept. 23-30).
Norma.
More and more boats move overland on wheels (1.8 million trailers are now in use) and Midwesterners taking long weekends can travel south with their craft.
Newest small-boat playground is the Salton Sea, a once-dry desert sinkhole which is now a salty lake 42 miles long and 235 feet below sea level.
The Mississippi Sound leads into a protected waterway running about 200 miles from Pascagoula to Apalachicola.
A year ago it was bruited that the primary character in Erich Maria Remarque's new novel was based on the Marquis Alfonso De Portago, the Spanish nobleman who died driving in the Mille Miglia automobile race of 1957.
His heroine chooses to die -- the price of recovery, years under the strict regimen of a sanatorium, being higher than she wishes to pay.
The jacket biography describes him as a former racing driver, and he may indeed have been, although I do not recall having encountered his name either in the records or the literature.
a Portago could say, as he did say to me, "If I die tomorrow, still I have had twenty-eight wonderful years;
In contrast, the East is ably led by such stalwart heroes as Khrushchev, Tito, and Mao.
Never given to mincing words, he places heavy blame upon the faulty, uncourageous leadership of Britain and particularly America.
"They are determined", Montgomery writes, "not to be surprised again, and now insist on a state of readiness for war which is not only unnecessary, but also creates nervousness among other nations in the Western Alliance -- not to mention such great suspicions among the nations of the Eastern bloc that any progress towards peaceful coexistence or disarmament is not possible".
Major to this effort is to get all world powers to withdraw to their own territories, say by 1970.
All in all, Montgomery calls for a leader who will anticipate and dominate the events that surround him.
It suffers from a lack of unity of purpose and respect for heroic leadership.
Now big forces buffet food.
At juice bars in Los Angeles'35 "health" stores, a new sensation is a pink, high-protein cocktail, concocted of dried eggs, powdered milk and cherry-flavored No-Cal, which sells for 59-cents per 8-oz. glass.
Readings of the number of milligrams of cholesterol in the blood, which seem to have value in predicting heart attacks, are becoming as routine as the electrocardiogram, which can show that the heart has suffered a symptomatic attack.
The deficiency diseases -- scurvy, tropical sprue, pellagra -- run rampant.
He is particularly vulnerable to diabetes.
Far more frequently, overeating is the result of a psychological compulsion.
Physiologist Keys flatly dismisses such appetite depressants as the amphetamines (Benzedrine, Dexedrine) as dangerous "crutches for a weak will".
Scientists assume that cholesterol (from the Greek chole, meaning bile, and sterios, meaning solid) is somehow necessary for the formation of brain cells, since it accounts for about 2% of the brain's total solid weight.
Eventually, says Keys, one of two things happens.
That same year the University of California's Dr. Laurance Kinsell, timing oxidation rates of blood fats, stumbled onto the discovery that many vegetable fats cause blood cholesterol levels to drop radically, while animal fats cause them to rise.
Yet in the contemporary context this is precisely what one must not do.
The progress of science over these last few centuries and the gradual replacement of Biblical by scientific categories of reality have to a large extent emptied the spirit world of the entities which previously populated it.
Although the particular form of conceptualization which popular imagination had made in response to the experience of spirit was undoubtedly defective, the raw experience itself which led to such excesses remains with us as vividly as ever.
A teenage girl, Abigail Williams, is being sharply questioned by her minister uncle, the Reverend Samuel Parris, about a wild night affair in the woods in which she and some other girls had seemed to have had contact with these evil beings.
I hear the boot of Lucifer, I see his filthy face"!
(page 33) On the other hand, a little later on he says: "Since 1692 a great but superficial change has wiped out God's beard and the Devil's horns, but the world is still gripped between two diametrically opposed absolutes.
Spirit and community
In searching for clues which might lead us to a fresh apprehension of the reality of spirit, the close connection between spirit and community is likely to prove the most fruitful.
It is they, of course, who keep it alive and preserve it so the same spirit will continue to be present in the Corps for future recruits to find as they come into it.
Nor is it necessary to look for such evidence in the great urban centers of our culture that are admittedly almost entirely secularized and so profoundly estranged from the conventional forms in which the gospel has been communicated.
However, even if the latent demand for demythologization is not nearly as widespread as we are claiming, at least among the cultured elements of the population there tends to be an almost complete indifference to the church and its traditional message of sin and grace.
In arguing in this way, we are obviously taking for granted that a demythologized restatement of the kerygma can be achieved;
In any event, it is an irreversible step, and if we are at all honest with ourselves, we will know we have no other alternative than to live in the world in which God has seen fit to place us.
When we say, then, that today, in our situation, the demand for demythologization must be accepted without condition, we are simply saying that at least this much of the liberal tradition is an enduring achievement.
Thus, if what is at issue is whether "All S is P", it is indifferent whether "Some S is not P" or "No S is P", since in either case the judgment in question is false.
Now again in 1961, in England, there is perhaps nothing in the religious sphere so popularly discussed as Christian unity.
but my primary aim is to transcribe what Englishmen themselves are saying and writing and implying about the Roman and Anglican Churches and about the present religious state of England.
The return of the Catholic hierarchy in 1850 was looked upon with indignant disapprobation and, in fact, was charged with being a gesture of disloyalty.
According to a newspaper report of the 1961 statistics of the Church of England, the "total of confirmed members is 9,748,000, but only 2,887,671 are registered on the parochial church rolls", and "over 27 million people in England are baptized into the Church of England, but roughly only a tenth of them continue".
That day is perhaps today, 1961, and it seems no longer very meaningful to call England a "Protestant country".
" A hymn often to be heard in Catholic churches is "Faith Of Our Fathers", which glories in England's ancient faith that endured persecution, and which proclaims: "Faith of our Fathers: Mary's prayers Shall win our country back to thee".
Some Catholic priests lecture there;
A notable example of this was the discussion of Christian unity by the Catholic Archbishop of Liverpool, Dr. Heenan, and the Anglican Archbishop of York, Dr. Ramsey, recently appointed Archbishop of Canterbury.
the startling statement in a respectable periodical that "Catholics, if the present system is still in operation, will constitute almost one-third of the House of Lords in the next generation";
His history is his alone, yet each man must recognize his own history in it.
"Whence, then, comes the substance of the first man?
Historical existence is a created good.
Therefore Irenaeus describes man's creation as follows:
"Eve was disobedient;
"Along with the fruit they did also fall under the power of death, because they did eat in disobedience;
"Wherefore also He (God) drove him (man) out of Paradise, and removed him far from the tree of life, not because He envied him the tree of life, as some venture to assert, but because He pitied him, (and did not desire) that he should continue a sinner for ever, nor that the sin which surrounded him should be immortal, and evil interminable and irremediable.
They speak of the work of Christ as the bestowal of incorruptibility, which can mean (though it does not have to mean) deliverance from time and history.
On the other hand, Christian faith knows that death is more than the natural termination of temporal existence.
Ezra Stiles Gannett, an honorable representative of the sanhedrin, addressed himself frankly to the issue in 1845, insisting that Parker should not be persecuted or calumniated and that in this republic no power to restrain him by force could exist.
Happily for posterity, then, the Boston Association did not actually command Parker to leave the room, though it came too close for comfort to what would have been an unforgivable brutality.
Suppose they both had ventured into realms which their colleagues thought infidel: is this the way gentlemen settle frank differences of opinion?
Parker, along with Garrison and Charles Sumner, showed a magnificent moral bravery when facing mobs mobilized in defense of the Mexican War and slavery.
Opinion is less individual or runs more into masses, and often rules with a rod of iron".
What otherwise could "the lawyer, doctor, minister, the men of science and letters" do when told that they had "become the cherubim and seraphim and the three archangels who stood before the golden throne of the merchant, and continually cried,'Holy, holy, holy is the Almighty Dollar'"?
Parker could weep -- and he wept astonishingly often and on the slightest provocation -- but the psychology of those tears was entirely compatible with a remorseless readiness to massacre his opponents.
It has been my lot all through life to associate with eminent scientists and at times to discuss with them the deepest and most vital of all questions, the nature of the hope of a life beyond this.
Test it, try it, and if it works, accept it as a guiding principle.
Again, as faith reveals God my Father and Christ my Saviour, I follow without question where He leads me daily by His Spirit of love, wisdom, power and prayer.
Before He left them He promised that His peace would be their portion to abide in their hearts and minds.
You may know that you are in God's family and be just as sure of it as you are that you belong to the family of your earthly father.
Satellites, sputniks, rockets, balloons;
Further proof?
"For God so loved the world, that he gave his only begotten Son, that whosoever believeth in Him should not perish, but have everlasting life" (John 3:
Why?
of whom shall I be afraid"?
Yet they keep running from one physician to another, largely to get a willing ear who will listen to their parade of troubles.
Well, most of our fears may be unfounded, but after you discover that fact, you have something else to worry about: Why then do we have these fears?
He should have said "jittery", for that's what we are.
Maybe we are talking about them too much.
Turning to the Word of God, we find the only sure way to do that.
Though an host should encamp against me, my heart shall not fear: though war should rise against me, in this will I be confident".
The entrance to a church has been walled up, so that the congregation, most of which is in the western sector, cannot worship God there anymore.
And there is only one way for a man to conquer his fears in such a world.
For those who put their trust in Him He still says every day again: "Let there be light"!
He knew that his God would save him from his enemies because He had saved him from his sins.
Salvation!
Thus, while it remains possible that the Babylonians and/or the Pythagoreans may perhaps have had the magic square of three before the Chinese did, more definite evidence will have to turn up from the Middle East or the Classical World before China can lose her claim to the earliest known magic square by more than a thousand years.
However, the wei books were also destroyed in a series of Orthodox Confucian purges which culminated in a final proscription in 605.
and the latter is the total sum of all the numbers in the square, by which all the other numbers are overshadowed and in which they may be said to be absorbed.
His immediate motive for doing this may not have been directly inspired by the Lo Shu, but this measure must inevitably have increased the existing beliefs in the latter's efficacy.
Whereas the primary meanings of the Lo Shu diagram seemed to have been based on its inner mathematical properties -- and we shall see that even its secondary meanings rested on some mathematical bases -- the urgent desire to place everything into categories of fives led to other groupings based on other numbers, until an exaggerated emphasis on mere numerology pervaded Chinese thought.
Heaven, acting through the Tao, expressed itself by means of the workings of two basic principles, the Yin and the Yang.
the 7, Hwa-Shan in Shensi, West China;
and whenever the Lo Shu involved directional symbolism, it was oriented in this same fashion.
Neglect means spiritual paralysis or death.
It should not be postponed later than the next day.
A piece of devotional material, such as The Upper Room, may be left in each home.
The sessions should cover four major areas: A
This procedure is much more effective than giving out a membership packet.
Additional suggestions for membership preparation
Use audio-visual aids.
7)
What about transfers?
the total process of evangelism reaches the crescendo when the group of new members stands before the congregation to declare publicly their faith and to be received into the fellowship of the Church.
1)
4)
9)
A study of major denominational membership statistics over a twenty-year period revealed the appalling fact that nearly 40 per cent of those who joined the Church were lost to the Church within seven years.
Something is wrong when these things happen.
When they unite with the Church they must find in this fellowship the satisfaction of their basic spiritual needs or they will never mature into effective Christians.
-- Guidance in Christian social concerns.
A completely amorphous institution would be a contradiction in terms;
As much as men intrinsically need the unity that is grounded in God, they instrumentally require the institutions that will direct their steps toward him.
1)
While the personality factors that aggravate interfaith conflict may be perennial, nationalism is more variable.
All this works severely against the kind of cross-cultural communication for which Christian missions stand.
After returning to the United States and raising the money, he discovered on getting back to Japan that the hours were no longer available.
1.
Comparable trends can be noted elsewhere.
My father went as a missionary to China in a generation that responded to Student Volunteer Movement speakers who held watches in their hands and announced to the students in their audiences how many Chinese souls were going to hell each second because these students were not over there saving them.
I mean, however, that the moral theologian knows what he means by "permit".
Especially is this true when, because the good effect is remote and speculative while the evil is certain and grave, the action is prohibited.
Mr. Philip Toynbee writes, for example, that "in terms of probability it is surely as likely as not that mutual fear will lead to accidental war in the near future if the present situation continues.
Thus, moral decision must be entirely deduced backward from the likely eventuality;
Even Professor Arnold Toynbee, agreeing with his son, does so in these terms: "Compared to continuing to incur a constant risk of the destruction of the human race, all other evils are lesser evils.
Would such an act of refusal be useful?
and, now and in the future unlike in the past, any attempt to repel injury and to preserve any particular civilized attainment of mankind or its provisional justice runs some risk of nuclear warfare and the danger that an effect of it will, by human action, render this planet less habitable by the human race.
How does the local realtor see himself in the context of housing restrictions based on race, religion or ethnic attachment?
Within the membership of this group, as has been found true of men in other professional or trade associations, the most ready portrayal of oneself to "the public" is that of a neutral agent simply serving the interests of a seller or buyer and mediating between them.
all feared the supposed stigma they believed would inevitably attach to any realtor who openly introduced non-white, particularly Negro, peoples into all-white, restricted areas.
and, most pervasively, (3) their interpretation of who is a "real pro", of what it means to be a professional man in a technical, fragmented society.
Data on the decline of property values in an area after a new racial group enters it has to be assessed in terms of the trends in property values before the group comes in.
anti-discriminatory statutes in housing have now been adopted by thirteen states and, while specific provisions have varied, the tendency is clearly toward expanding coverage.
Such a decision should have placed a powerful weapon in the hands of the entire housing industry, but there is little evidence that realtors, or at least their associations, have repudiated the principle in such clauses.
(3) Over the years, individuals engaged in the sale of real estate have developed remarkable unity in the methods and practices employed.
And yet there is a note of hope, because this same science that is giving us the power of the atom is also giving us atomic vision.
Now we might have restricted the use of uranium bombs by controlling the sources of uranium because it is found in only a few places in the world.
And the size of the ocean shows us the magnitude of the destructive power we hold in our hands today.
I have been trying to make this clear to my own class in chemistry.
Imagine that there is a blizzard over Pennsylvania, but instead of snowing snow, it snows peas;
we get 250,000 planets;
These balls are moving in great circles and ellipses, and are of course, the electrons, the particles of negative electricity which by their action create the forces that tie this atom of calcium to the neighboring atoms of oxygen and make up the solid structure of my finger bone.
Someone has remarked that this is certainly the ultimate in reducing.
And this is why so many scientists a half a century ago were agnostics or atheists.
And so today when we examine the structure of our knowledge of the atom and of the universe, we are forced to conclude that the best word to describe our universe is music.
How far and in what fashion did it modify the new nation which was emerging in the midst of the forces shaping the revolutionary age?
The form of Christianity to which they were exposed was for some the Protestantism of the older stock, for others the Protestantism of the nineteenth-century immigration;
We know that in the early part of the century many Protestant congregations took positive action against members who transgressed the ethical codes to which the majority subscribed.
In the twentieth century its influence grew, as did that of the Protestantism of the nineteenth-century immigration.
America, America, God shed His grace on thee, and crown thy good with brotherhood from sea to shining sea".
Several of the movements were given a marked impetus by revivalism.
Some disappeared with the attainment of their purpose.
The nineteenth-century immigration, whether Protestant or Roman Catholic, was not so much concerned, for very few if any among them held slaves: they were mostly in the Northern states where slavery had disappeared or was on the way out, or were too poverty-stricken to own slaves.
Weld was the son and grandson of New England Congregational ministers.
He was remembered chiefly for his fearless advocacy of abolition, but he also stood for equal rights for women, for opportunity for the freedmen, and for prohibition.
Proper ritual observance at any level of society was capable of generating power for use in the spirit world;
The family home was, in fact, a temple;
In China, the magical system par excellence was Taoism.
The Mahayana that developed in the north was a religion of idolatry and coarse magic, that made the world into a huge magical garden.
This, in brief, was the historical background out of which Zen emerged.
Zen maintains that cognitive things are only the surface of experience.
And this is only natural -- witness the haste with which modern man gobbles the latest "wonder drug".
They went along the pass talking with each other for a short while until they came to a river roaring with torrent.
"I stopped", responded the man, "several times to look at beautiful sceneries".
(3)
St. John 3: 7.
there is none who seeks after God.
In their case, the god of this world (Satan) has blinded their unbelieving minds, that they should not see the light of the gospel of the glory of Christ, who is the image of God.
Amen, amen, I say to thee, unless a man be born again of water (symbol of the Word of God, see Ephesians 26) and the Spirit, he cannot enter into the kingdom of God.
If we are born of God we do not practice sin as a habit.
If we are born of God we love God.
1 St. John 5: 4.
Jesus answered and said to him (Nicodemus) "Amen, amen, I say to thee, unless a man be born again, he cannot see the kingdom of God".
If then any man is in Christ, he is a new creature (literally, "He is a new creation), the former things have passed away;
St. John 10.
Christ in you, your hope of glory.
St. John 3: 8.
You may be very religious, a good church member, an upright, honest and sincere person;
It is permitted.
and God allowed it.
He is in your hands -- now.
What He does with you then depends on what you do with Him now.
Some work with their hands.
What is this something?
The businessman was Raymond Thornburg.
That was nearly 13 years ago.
And the 100,000 subscribers became a reality.
Three years ago it became possible to finance a Braille edition for blind readers.
Each contributes something different, and something important: Ruth Peale, her wide experience in church work;
We prayed for John, during surgery, we asked others to pray;
There are brain-wracking searches for the right word, the best phrase, the most helpful idea.
My message, today, is the same as it was 15 years ago: that there is goodness in people, and strength and love in God.
Diario De La Marina was the oldest and most influential paper in Cuba, with a reputation for speaking out against tyranny.
On home sets children were watching the death throes of men who were shot before the paredon, the firing wall.
In my mind, I began to review: his use of hate to gain support;
What should I do?
But do you have any choice"?
And they couldn't have entrusted Henri to better hands because "le professeur" knows his muscles from the sterno-cleido mastoideus of the neck right down to the tibialis anticus of the leg and better still, he knows just what exercises work best for them and what Weider principles to combine them with for fast, fast muscle growth.
About that time he began reading Mr. America and Muscle Builder and he learned of the famous Weider way to fast weight gaining.
"It never seemed to widen.
The "push" exercise of this Push-Pull Super-Set is the Bench Press done with elbows well pulled back and with a greater downward stretch of the pectorals not possible with the barbell variation.
He has to;
Physique contests are rarely won on muscle size alone.
Why it was ever forgotten for even a moment I cannot say because it works perfectly for everyone, no matter whether he has short or long thigh-bone lengths!
It's a complete thigh contraction-extension exercise.
Place your Power Stands in position and adjust their height so that this will correspond to the height of your shoulders when you are in a deep leg split as for a heavy Clean.
You should have a couple of training partners to stand by when you make your first experiments just for safety.
He seemed puzzled by my question.
It's best to buy them fresh from a dealer who is working to improve them.
If you do use a cold frame be sure that its ventilation is adequate.
Every time you transplant a pansy you cause its flowers to become smaller.
In addition to the rich soil they benefit by feedings of manure water every other week, diluted to the color of weak tea.
Whenever there is a thaw or a few sunny days, you'll be likely to find a brave little blossom or two.
Try that late winter pickup when you are so tired of cold and snow that you feel you just can't take another day of it.
That done, her work is accomplished and she ignores the plant.
Remove about half the branches from each plant, leaving only the strongest with the largest buds.
It is roughly shaped like a large pear, and when properly ripened, its dark green skin covers a meaty, melon-like pulp that has about the consistency of a ripe Bartlett pear, but oily.
It is brought to packing houses, cleaned and graded as to size and quality, and packed in protective excelsior.
Good taste and versatility, plus safety from spray poisons would be enough to recommend the frequent use of such a fruit, even if its nutritional values were limited.
Then they were given 1/2 to 1-1/2 avocados per day as a substitute for part of their dietary fat consumption.
The nation would be utterly devastated.
We must determine whether missiles can win a war all by themselves.
Until this hunter-killer operation can be performed by spacecraft, manned aircraft appear to be the only means available to us.
War, under these circumstances, cannot be one massive exchange of nuclear devastation.
Here then is our problem: aircraft are vital to winning a war today because they can perform those missions which a missile is totally incapable of performing;
If we could use all the small airfields we have in this country, we could disperse our strategic aircraft by a factor of 10 or more.
With powerplants such as these, vertical takeoff and landing combat aircraft could be built.
In a few years we will have SAMOS (semiautomatic missile observation system).
It would be priceless to have an aircraft to gather that post-attack reconnaissance.
The lyric beauties of Schubert's Trout Quintet -- its elemental rhythms and infectious melodies -- make it a source of pure pleasure for almost all music listeners.
Let me say at the outset that the music sounded as sparkling on the last playing as it did on the first.
The piano performance on this Trout is one that really demands a search for superlatives.
Why, for example, does he favor two tempos, rather than one, for the third movement?
) Badura-Skoda-Vienna Konzerthaus (Westminster) and Demus-Schubert Quartet (Deutsche Grammophon) are both warm-toned, pleasantly lyrical, but rather slack and tensionless.
On the basis of what they give us we can know how the young Caruso sang, appreciate the distinctive qualities of Parsifal under Karl Muck's baton, or sense the type of ensemble Toscanini created in his years with the New York Philharmonic.
Any alteration of one of these factors is distortion, although we generally use that word only for effects so pronounced that they can be stated quantitatively on the basis of standard tests.
This absence of peaky highs and beefed-up bass not only produces greater fidelity, but it eliminates listener fatigue.
Steinberg seems to have gone directly back to the score, discounting tradition, and has built his performance on the intention to reproduce as faithfully as possible exactly what Brahms set down on paper.
It is this sort of experience that makes the concept of high fidelity of real musical significance for the home music listener.
It was interesting to note that many of these Juniors were showing dogs in various other classes at the show prior to the Finals of the Junior Class.
Speaking from long years of experience, Mrs. Long advised the Juniors: "When showing dogs ceases to be fun and excitement, stop!
Aids sounds more like a Pony Club, or horsemanship classes -- riding a horse and showing a dog are very similar!
Last year a boy he knows and helped in Journalism won the Thoroughbred Racing Ass'n Scholarship which is worth $10,000.
From there on, each Junior was going to be judged individually.
)
In addition to showing an Irish Setter throughout the year, she also scored with an Afghan.
Each year these shows have increased in entries.
At the recent horse show convention in New York it was stated that this Intermediate Judging Class is meeting with great success and will be a great help to future judges in the horse world.
By recognizing and helping Juniors get interested in the dog world, all will be helping to create future dog owners.
"No", he replies, "full grown, adult show dogs, housebroken, and obedience-trained".
There are more than 8,000,000 recreational boats in use in the United States with almost 10,000,000 the prediction for within the next decade.
Providing these means are about ninety companies which manufactured the estimated 1,800,000 boat trailers now in use.
They range from an eight-foot pram, which you can build yourself for less than $50, to auxiliary sailboats which can cost over $100,000.
You may order utility models, inboard or outboard, with or without toilets, galleys, and bunks.
Their cost is not beyond the hopes of the American pocketbook, the range being about $150 to $1,000, depending on size.
When the automobile was in its embryonic stage, such roads as existed were pretty much open roads with the tacit understanding that horses should not be unduly terrified being about the only rule governing where, when and how fast a car could go.
The main requirement is to be sure the boat is numbered according to the regulations of the state in which the boat will be principally used.
Foreseeing the possible threats to safety with the rapid growth of the sport, the industry has been supporting an intense, coordinated educational program with great success since 1947.
These are not governmentally subsidized organizations.
Boatyards which also provide some of the above facilities may rightfully be called marinas.
Two or more dogs are mounted on each locking bar.
A signal cannot be cleared until all the related turnouts are properly thrown and locked.
"Home" signals have two blades.
You may change the dimensions to suit a frame for more or fewer levers and locks as you wish.
Cap this assembly (with spacing bars in place) with a Af bar.
Mark and center-punch all the holes required for screws to hold this assembly together.
Note, 6 and 8 lock levers don't require holes for contacts.
These are supporting members for the short locking bars.
) Put a 2-56 roundhead screw into the hole, cut off the excess threads and file flush with the underside of the bar.
Fitting the locking bars and making the locking pieces is a rather tedious job since stop screws, tappets and locking bars must be removed and replaced many times.
Bar "C" is 2-3/4" long.
See the drawings for the shape of the notch.
All matching surfaces should be checked frequently and mated on a cut and fit basis.
A guy can be an active and successful hot rodder for years without becoming even remotely involved with mathematical problems;
They indicate simple division, multiplication, subtraction, and addition.
This is nothing more than a dash.
When solving an equation that involves division as well as other steps, do all the division steps first to reduce those parts of the equation to their numerical value.
Shortening the results in this manner will not have any detrimental effect on the accuracy of the final result.
A rodder should be able to compute the displacement of his engine.
The formula is: Af.
Compression ratio
Most beakers are graduated in cubic centimeters (cc.), making it necessary to convert the result to cubic inches.
This volume is added to the total volume of the combustion chamber and head gasket opening.
Gear ratio -- speed relationships
Tire size can be determined in several ways but the one that is the easiest and as accurate as any is by measuring the effective radius of a wheel and tire assembly.
Using the same figures as for the previous example, the equation becomes: Af
Laguerre Hanover is outstanding in type and conformation -- good body, plenty of heart girth, stands straight on his legs on excellent feet -- and has the smoothest gait.
Trackdown (Torrid-Mighty Lady) has worked a mile in 2:33.3.
Gamecock (Tar Heel-Terka Hanover) is another promising colt, and his best time is 2:32.2.
Strongheart (Adios-Direct Gal), a fair-looking sorrel colt, knows nothing but pace and has been right there in the best miles.
This time she submitted and in a few days was going good.
His best mile to date is 2:28-:33.
She is a beautiful filly and likes to trot.
Martha Rodney (Rodney-Miss Martha D.) 2:35;
Duffy Dares (Meadow Gene-Princess Mite) 2:36;
I have just seen Debonnie and Prompt Time work a mile in 2:34, last quarter in:35.3.
Lorena Gallon (Bill Gallon-Loren Hanover), 2:30-:34.3;
Riverboat (Dalzell-Cousin Rachel) has gone in 2:38.
While 2-year-olds are still gaining most of the attention at the track, green horses are starting to go a bit, and Jimmy Cruise has several that can really make it.
Stormy Dream, p, 2:01.3, Demon Abbe, p, 2:02, Dundeen B., 4, 2:04.2, Claudia's Song, 3, 2:06.3, and (Jet Fire, 4, 2:02.2 have been in 2:25;
You've probably given a lot of Christmas-season thought to the guns in your rack, but it's not easy to decide on a new one.
it's a short, light, quick-handling, fast-firing little timber gun designed to push a heavy slug at modest velocity but with lots of killing power and ample range for our most popular big game -- whitetail.
But even without jacketed bullets, I had enough faith in my double to take it on an opening-day deer hunt that first year.
Remington Jet Magnum Center Fire.
The accuracy of the Jet cartridge is fine;
, S & H, and.
Previously, FN actions were used for the larger cartridges.
rim-fire auto with a tubular magazine that holds 18 Long Rifles.
You can have your choice of a seven-shot repeater, the 340TR (about $40) or a single-shot, the 320TR ($10 less).
Presently, the 742C is available in Af.
This is the Model 122 (about $20);
many experienced hunters like this gauge and type of scattergun too.
Either model is a very good dollar value.
Coaching was in his blood.
In spring and in autumn the run was made for a group of botanists which included an old friend of mine.
then a porter from Manning's Fish House would trot in with a tray on his head.
) Vernon, however, held out for plain oyster roast, and plenty of it, unadorned by herbs or any seasoning but salt, though he did fancy a bit of lemon.
They had been fed a hunting breakfast, so called because a kedgeree, the dish identified with fox hunting, was on the bill.
omelet Arbogast
Of majestic build, rubicund and slash-mouthed, he resembled the late General Winfield Scott, who was said to be the most imposing general of his century, if not of all centuries.
The horses moved at a clump;
The horses seemed to know these by instinct, he used to say: such places invariably had stables with superior feed bins.
After this has simmered an hour, add two tablespoons each of Worcestershire, catsup, and chutney, two pickled walnuts, and a pint of Sherry.
Dwellers thereabouts preferred to get their apple pies at the local bakery, which had a brick oven fired with redwood billets.
Those who have never traveled the width and length of this land cannot conceive, on the basis of textbook description alone, the overwhelming space and variety of this country held together under one government.
Use this section to plan now to make the most of your vacation in photogenic America.
New England deserves as much of your vacation time as you can afford with such areas as Cape Cod providing wonderful beaches, artists'colonies and quaint townships.
Some tips for shooting in Northeastern locales: In New York City don't miss coverage of the United Nations.
the southern United States, extending from Florida in the east to Texas in the west, still maintains its unique flavor of gracious living and historical elegance.
Silver Springs features glass-bottom boat rides and in Everglades National Park there are opportunities to photograph rare wildlife.
Along the 127-mile route through Great Smoky Mountains National Park you can photograph the breath-taking peaks, gorges and valleys which come into view at every turn.
In any instance, you should determine the exposure according to the type of light which falls on most of the subject area.
Lake Michigan offers swimming and pictures which combine cityscapes with beaches.
Similarly in Illinois there is Lincoln country to be seen -- his tomb and other landmarks.
Just after sunset is a good time to record the city lights in color since you get a "fill-in" light from the sky.
and the International Freedom Festival in Detroit, June 29 thru July 4.
Colorado's Grand Canyon, probably the most famous landmark of the United States, can be the highpoint of your Western vacation.
In 1453 when the last vestige of ancient Roman power fell to the Turks, the city officially shifted religions -- although the Patriarch, or Pope, of the Orthodox Church continued to live there, and still does -- and became the capital of the Ottoman Empire.
Across the bridge on the left I saw St. Sophia with its sturdy brown minarets and to the right of them the slenderer spires of the Blue Mosque.
In the second half of the Sixteenth Century, Sinan, the great architect who is the Michelangelo of the East, designed the massive buttresses that now help support the dome.
It was laid out in 196 for chariot races and other public games.
The round minarets, tall and graceful, rise from rectangular bases and have three platforms from which the muezzin can chant his call to prayer.
Actually an underground cistern, its roof supported by rows and rows of pillars, it was built by Justinian in the Sixth Century to supply the palace with water.
Next to it is a copper section, with cooking utensils and a figure of the chief cook in an elaborate, floor-length robe.
Clean it meticulously in boiling water and detergent, rinse thoroughly.
Don't practice a new recipe on guests.
(This goes for getting a drink tray ready, and for having a big cooler full of ice on hand long before the party begins.
Made of the world's toughest unbreakable plastic, Melamine dinnerware comes in almost 400 different patterns and dozens of colors.
Do use paper napkins;
Do buy all-purpose mugs or cups.
or just evenings.
Threaded on a skewer with new boiled potatoes, a bit of green pepper, a fresh white mushroom -- any one of these spiced meats makes a man a cook, and a meal a feast.
-- Score each frankfurter in four or five places about a third of the way through.
You'll have the neighbor's eyes popping as well as their mouths watering!
Hot hibachi franks
Spear canned cocktail franks with picks.
Trim-your-own-franks
3.
Cover;
Roast on grill over coals 15-20 minutes.
1 pound ground beef 2 teaspoons grated onion Dash of pepper 1/2 teaspoon salt 1/2 cup chopped walnuts 1/4 cup ice cold bourbon
Materials:
Roll clay to thickness indicated in individual instructions.
Allow project to stand for about five minutes (if wooden press mold is a good antique, do not leave clay in too long as the dampness may cause mold to crack).
Make slight, smooth grooves rather than cuts for the texture (cuts could cause air pockets under the glaze creating pinholes or craters in the glaze during firing).
Tiles were fired once to cone 05.
While clay is still pressed in mold, press three equally spaced holes 1/4" deep, using pencil eraser, in bottom of clay to allow for proper drying and firing.
Use wooden design head of mold for pattern C;
Place clay piece A inside;
If design head has a deep cavity, clay lid will be quite thick at this point;
The large jar was brushed with Creek-Turn green toner and sponged off.
Trim excess clay from rim of mold.
Join the four sides together first, then add the base;
Press clay into cavity of one mold three times;
Handle for creamer is a strip of clay 1/2" wide and 3-1/2" long.
Vases:
Place pattern inside holder;
to change from one color yarn to another:
See illustration.
Run end of yarn through several stitches along edge to secure;
Straight vertical edges, such as those at the back seam of a sock, can be woven together invisibly.
With only two aboard, Hotei does better than 27 mph -- and she gives a comfortable ride at this speed even in a three-foot chop.
Needless to say, you can't build Hotei in a couple of weeks.
Start by laying out the six frames and the transom on a level floor.
This is an important step because any misalignment would cause progressively worse misalignment in the hull as you advance in construction.
One-inch, No. 10 screws are used in both cases.
The side ones are a half-inch narrower.
The planking is five-ply, 3/8-inch-thick Weldwood Royal Marine plywood.
When cut, the planking is clamped in place for a final and careful trimming.
The cloth is laid on one half of the bottom at a time.
Then lay a three-inch-wide strip of cloth along the keel line from the transom to the point of the stem.
After trimming off the excess on the frames and transom which was used to fasten them to the jig at a working height, the top of the side planking is installed.
These battens are glued and screwed to the frames.
For padding the seats and bunks, I used Ensolite, Type Aj.
But each step has been broken down into easy stages, utilizing standard materials and simple tools, well within the capabilities of the handyman.
Due to the fact that building codes and regulations vary so much throughout the country, the first thing to do is to find out what, if any, they are.
These will be available at cost from our Plans Department.
we will take up alternative foundations later on.
All panel board comes in standard Af foot size.
Other thicknesses may necessitate ripping a special size lumber for the glass trim.
The drill press should be leveled and, depending on whether it is a bench or floor model, bolted securely to a sturdy bench or stand or screwed to the floor with lag or expansion screws.
Most drill presses have a quill return spring that raises the spindle automatically when the feed lever is released and holds the quill in the raised position.
On most drill presses, it is impossible to get the exact speed, but you can come close by adjusting the drive belt on the step-cone pulleys.
The most common are the twist drill, the solid center shaft with interchangeable cutting blades, the double spur bit, and the power wood bit.
In this case, drilling a small pilot hole or clamping the work will do much to improve accuracy.
"We, the Subscribers, do agree, that as soon as a convenient Number of Persons have subscribed to this, or a similar Writing, We will present a petition to the Hon'ble General Court of the Commonwealth of Massachusetts, praying for an Act incorporating into a Body politic the subscribers to such Writing with Liberty to build such a Bridge, and a Right to demand a Toll equal to that received at Malden Bridge, and on like Terms, and if such an Act shall be obtained, then we severally agree each with the others, that we will hold in the said Bridge the several shares set against our respective Names, the whole into two hundred shares being divided, and that we will pay such sums of Money at such Times and in such Manners, as by the said proposed Corporation, shall be directed and required".
whose chord is one hundred and sixty feet, and whose vortex is forty feet (it was actually 37 feet) above the high-water mark.
The Essex Merrimack Bridge when first built was not covered.
The reporter must have written this with tongue in cheek, because Dexter's oration could hardly be understood;
".
This second chain bridge was 570 feet long, had two thirty-foot towers and a draw, and a double roadway.
This covered, wooden bridge is so closely identified with the first action in the early morning of June 3, 1861, and with subsequent troop movements of both armies in the Philippi area that it has become a part and parcel of the war story.
Reverend Joshual Corder, a Baptist minister, gathered a few citizens of Southern sympathies, to call on Jones and plead with him to spare the structure;
True, our problems have lessened a bit as more and more of our neighbors have built their own pools, thereby diluting our spectacular attractions.
You can also see that the greater the proximity of the pool to your main living quarters, the greater the chance for violation of family privacy, annoying noise and the let's-make-your-house-our-club attitude.
Probably no location for a pool is perfect on all counts.
Had we taken a lien on a state park?
First and foremost: No one -- no, not anyone -- in the family is allowed to issue blanket invitations to his or her own circle.
(Sanity, solvency and relations with our wine merchant took a beating that first summer as we inadvertently became the neighborhood free-drink stop.
Preserving life and limb
You should be prepared to cope with any pitfall such as plunges into empty pools or shallow ends and all manner of winter as well as summer lawsuits.
You need more chlorine.
Many hours of spring cleaning will be saved, however, if you remove the main drain grate when you close the pool season in the fall.
Our experience has taught us that it pays to buy the best equipment possible, from pipes to brushes.
You can install it yourself -- this is a central system that will cool every part of your house.
Heart conditions and high blood pressure escape the stresses brought on by oppressive heat.
Best of all, central air conditioning is something you can afford.
Manufacturers have designed equipment for just such circumstances, and your savings over starting from scratch will be substantial.
Be sure your ducts and blower are big enough to handle cooling.
The simplest kind of separate system uses a single, self-contained unit.
Now, the machine has been improved to a point where it is generally more economical than oil heat at temperatures down to 15 degrees.
A BTU is a unit of heat, and the BTU rating of a conditioner refers to how much heat your machine can pump out of your house in an hour.
The safest procedure is to let your builder estimate the size of the unit you need, rather than trying to do this yourself.
A well-designed, 1200-square-foot house can be comfortably cooled and heated for as little as $128 a year, or $11 a month.
You can use heat-absorbing glass to stop the sun, double glass and insulated glass to combat condensation.
A light-colored roof will reduce sun heat by 50 per cent.
you must have a list of requirements on where, how many, and what type sites are needed.
It is usually helpful to make a sketch map in the field, showing the size and location of the features of interest and to take photographs at the site.
A site may be a rundown slum or a desolate piece of desert in appearance today but have excellent potentials for the future with a little development or water.
Quality is vitally important.
Most park planners look to water frontage for basic park areas.
A stream which has all of its watershed within a national forest or other lands under good conservation practices is less likely to be affected by pollution than one passing through unrestricted logging or past an industrial area.
The site may be on one of the major flyways of migratory birds or have its own resident bird life.
Look at the physical features of the land to determine how desirable it is for use, what can be done to correct the faults, and what it will cost to make the area meet your needs in comparison to other sites.
However, a narrow strip may be very practical for small developments, or to provide additional stream frontage for a fisherman's trail, or include scenic strips within the park unit.
Water
The extent and location of open areas is noted.
and with sober purpose, because the development of Prokofieff personifies, in many ways, the course of music in the Union of Soviet Socialist Republics.
a brilliant piece de resistance?
Chicago was also a welcome host: there, in 1921, Prokofieff conducted the world premiere of the Love For Three Oranges, and played the first performance of his Third Piano Concerto.
Meanwhile, three great terrible forces were coagulating and crystallizing.
But no: Prokofieff grew.
Of course, these works are not comparable, even though the same brain conceived them.
That Prokofieff's harmonies and forms sometimes seem professionally routine to our ears, may or may not indicate that he was less of an "original" than we prefer to believe.
I think the answer is to be found in Prokofieff's own words: "the clarity must be new, not old".
Meager and shabby by-products linger to haunt our memories of a once mighty protagonist;
Of course, it must not be forgotten that in achieving this historical feat, Prokofieff had the vast resources of his people behind him;
Thus in Prokofieff the Union of Soviet Socialist Republics produced one of the great composers of the Twentieth Century.
Out of this background of hunting and fishing, it was only natural that Roy first painted subjects he knew best: hunters in the field, fishermen in the stream, ducks and geese on the wing -- almost always against a vast backdrop of weather landscape.
Except for a rich friendship with the painter, Chauncey Ryder who gave him the only professional instruction he ever had -- and this was limited to a few lessons, though the two artists often went on painting trips together -- Roy developed his art by himself.
Inspiring -- yes;
Just because a tree or other object appears in a certain spot is absolutely no reason to place it in the same position in the painting, unless the position serves the design of the whole composition.
However, first I thoughtfully study my sketch for improvement of color and design along the lines I have described.
"In addition to the usual tools, I make constant use of cleansing tissue, not only to wipe my brushes, but to mop up certain areas, to soften edges, and to open up lights in dark washes.
True, a Mason watercolor is unmistakably a synthesis of nature rather than a detailed inventory.
His pictures generalize, though they are inspired by a particular locale;
two American Watercolor Society prizes;
And is the sport really important?
In short, gymnastics uses every part of the body and requires a great deal of character as well.
Certainly there would be less anxiety, fewer accidents (it is the clumsy child who sustains the worst injuries), and higher scholastic averages, since alert children work better.
They were further stripped of old wive's tales by seeing the slender, lovely Russian girls performing feats requiring tremendous strength and with not one bulging muscle.
Dancers do have flexibility.
Those who are too weak, should climb on the chair and, starting at the top of the chin, let themselves slowly down.
Push-ups are essential, but few have the strength for them at first.
Five of these done daily for about a week will develop the strength for one push-up.
Care should be taken to see that the hands are placed on the floor before the kick starts and also that the landing foot is brought as close to the hands as possible.
Arch the back upwards to make a bridge.
At the peak of the arch, tip the head back and bend the knees in an effort to touch toes to head.
One or two practice runs should be sufficient for solo.
We have noted how some electronic techniques, developed for the defense effort, have evenutally been used in commerce and industry.
From the wealth of material and the wide variety of different electronic techniques perfected in the past few years we have selected a few examples which appear to be headed for use in the immediate future and which offer completely new tools in medical research.
Instead of the observer's eye the image orthicon in the TV camera does the "looking".
Where the microscope under visible light may show only vague shadows or nothing at all, ultraviolet illumination and subsequent translation into a color TV picture reveal a wealth of detail.
The original electrocardiograph primarily indicates irregularities in the heartbeat, but today's techniques allow exact measurements of the flow of blood through the aorta, dimensioning of the heart and its chambers, and a much more detailed study of each heartbeat.
The Doppler effect, using ultrasonic signals, can be employed to measure the flow of blood without cutting into the blood vessel.
Several years ago headlines were made by a small radio transmitter capsule which could be swallowed by the patient and which would then radio internal pressure data to external receivers.
Sonar in medical research
The method used to scan the eye ultrasonically is illustrated in Fig. 6.
Arteries and veins are apparent by their black, blood-filled centers and the surrounding white walls.
The mayor of the town taught them English and French.
there is a struggle there, in which, if he falls, it is easy for him to rise again, there is freedom of utterance there, which draws after it no irreparable consequences on society.
The following year he devoted to the customary "Wanderjahr", traveling in Germany, France, and the Netherlands, meeting the philosophers Schelling, Fichte, and Tieck.
He related events on earth to periodic celestial phenomena and indicated that the years of maximum inclination of the ecliptic coincided with the years of important electrical discoveries.
Manthey maintained a valuable collection of physical and chemical apparatus which was at Oersted's disposal during and after his graduation.
In Berlin he published his views of the chemical laws of nature in German and this was issued in French translation (Paris, 1813) under the title Recherches Sur l'identite Des Forces chimiques et electriques, a work held in very high esteem by the new generation of research chemists.
It is also found that magnetism exists in all bodies of nature, as proven by Bruckmann and Coulomb.
Together they also developed a new form of voltaic cell in which the wooden trough was replaced by one of copper, thereby producing stronger currents.
The sequence of events leading to his important discovery still remains ambiguous but it seems that one of the advanced students at the university related that the first direct event that led to the publication of Oersted's discovery occurred during a private lecture made before a group of other advanced students in the spring of 1820.
Here's your feed additive guide for ruminants:
For the treatment of bacterial scours, feed 100-200 grams.
-- To increase rate of gain and improve feed efficiency, feed 10 to 20 grams per ton.
Treatment of the above diseases: 350 milligrams per head per day for 30 days only.
Drug's chemical name:
Sheep and lambs
These are to be fed at a rate to provide 10 milligrams DES per head daily.
What it does:
1 to 1-1/2 grams per 100 pounds of body weight.
Several firms are merchandising enzyme preparation through feed manufacturers.
Drug's chemical name:
Reduces losses from stomach, hookworm, and nodular worms by interfering with reproduction of the female worm by reducing the number of eggs laid and essentially rendering all laid eggs sterile.
Caution:
Sodium propionate.
How to feed: lambs
What it does:
How to feed:
No one material is best for all situations.
Why?
Frequently, wittingly or unwittingly, price-consciousness has been fostered by manufacturers, distributors, and dealers.
Greater demand for services.
Wider discretionary choices for customers.
Market concentration and distribution in fewer accounts.
Average manufacturer frequently has helped build private brand business, delivering largely the same qualities and styles in private brand merchandise as in branded.
Have you carefully examined the selling techniques which best suit your products?
Do you have a program for scrutinizing all these links regularly and carefully -- and with some imagination?
Are you following competition willy-nilly -- trying to match dollar for dollar -- or are you experimenting with new means for reaching and influencing consumers?
Technical knowledge is a wonderful thing, but it's useless unless it eventually feeds the cash register.
While many companies have done fine work in developing sales personnel, much of it has been product rather than sales training.
Does your management climate and your management compensation plan attract and keep top-notch marketing people?
Do you have a long-term (5- or 10-yr.) marketing program?
We may then dismiss the time difference between these courses and the usual four year course of the interior design student as not having serious bearing on the subject.
Makes drawings and plans of rooms showing placement of furniture, floor coverings, wall decorations, and determines color schemes.
It is in the quality of the teaching of all this that a question may arise.
Thus technical efficiency is achieved at the expense of actual experience.
Participation for the educator in this case, however, would have to be raised to full and complete membership.
There is plenty of opportunity for proper education today.
This kind of irresponsibility toward their students can scarcely build a strong professional attitude in the future designer.
Indeed, it has only been a matter of the last few years that reputable schools of art have granted degrees at all.
In spite of this, many universities offer adequate and even distinguished courses in the subject.
Is it larger or fancier than you really need?
Are they encouraged to take full legal advantage of these benefits?
Are you watching work schedules for boiler operators, guards, and other 24-hour-day, 7-day-week operations in order to minimize overtime?
Are you utilizing cafeteria space for company meetings or discussions?
Are you utilizing vending machine proceeds to help pay for your program?
Paid vacations
Medical and health
But even if that other plant employs the same number of workers and makes the same product, there are other facts to consider.
They're asking for union trouble.
Insurance
Generally, your employee will greatly appreciate benefits that protect him during his working life or during retirement.
Otherwise, you may be saddled with a good-size milk bill by milk drinkers.
A non-contributory plan usually won't pay off for the worker until he retires.
This cuts the absentee rate.
Spread your vacation period over the widest possible span of time or shut the plant down for two weeks.
Sporting firearms change, markedly for the better.
This has been the aim of the director of the shooting development program, the New York staff of the Sportsmen's Service Bureau, and the SAAMI shooting preserve field consultants since the start of the program in 1954.
Considering that the current school-age potential is 23 million youths, the project and its message on hunting and shooting education have many more to reach.
Through the efforts of SAAMI's shooting development program these shooting activities, and many others, including assists in the development of public and privately financed shooting parks, trap and skeet leagues, rifle and pistol marksmanship programs have been promoted, to mention only a few.
Would you like to organize Teen Hunters Clubs, shooting programs, and have information on seasons including six months of hunting with unlimited game bags on shooting preserves?
Camping is big and getting bigger.
Harassed state park officials often have more campers than they know what to do with.
There are a half dozen reasons helping to account for the migration to the campgrounds.
Because they prepare their own meals they also keep in their pockets a good portion of that $10.50 food bill along with most of the tip money.
This is no longer a way of life for the bearded logger and the wandering cowboy.
Until recently.
The old shop adage still holds: "A good mechanic is usually a bad boss".
It is, as one engineer says, "indeed a difficult thing for the engineer to accept that he can go as far on his technical merit as he could employing managerial skills.
Further, the management path does not open the door to higher opportunities than are offered by the more technical path.
Consulting Engineer,
There is no formal equivalence to the supervisory ranks;
A separate research department is, of course, confined to new or future designs.
I am sure that the engineer who enters management is nearly always opening the door to greater possibilities than he would have as a technical specialist -- because of his wider accountability".
Approximately four years ago, we initiated a dual ladder of advancement for technical persons.
If no specific organization plan exists limiting the number of scientists at each salary level, the result is a department top-heavy with high-level, high-salaried personnel".
Above this point there is no generally used parallel ladder.
Operations of this nature offer the best opportunity to recognize scientific status.
Its oil for heating is metered monthly to each home from a line that starts at a central storage point.
Common complaints included "Mrs. Murphy" leaving her windows open all the time, a fresh air fan, or the family was visiting "Aunt Minnie" with the house shut up but they still paid the same rate for oil.
To overcome this, the builder lays and completes the street himself, then deeds it to the community while retaining a perpetual easement for the oil lines.
However, that is not all he has to do.
The Public Service Commission has ruled that this is not a public utility, subject to their many regulations.
Ritter, the builder, is convinced that the total cost of all the heating systems plus the oil distribution system is no greater than would be gas heating systems in the houses plus their lines and meters.
But it's too early yet to go visit Oakwood Heights.
First, drain that old coolant down the storm sewer.
Be sure the bugs and dirt are blown out of the radiator fins.
If you run into excess plug fouling on one truck, check to be sure that the rig has a thermostat.
For example, don't pay in a truck policy for medical coverage that you may be paying for in a health and accident policy.
In the period since the end of World War 2, -- a period coinciding with merchandising demands for the colorful, the unusual, and the original in signs and displays -- plastics have come on so strong that today they are the acknowledged leaders in the field.
Five years ago, they had only 10% of the market, with the remainder firmly entrenched in the stronghold of neon tubing.
What accounts for the rapid growth of plastics in the sign and display field?
Finally, maintenance costs on plastic signs are much lower than on fragile neon signs.
Advances in equipment and fabrication techniques give the sign or display manufacturer an extremely wide choice of production techniques, ranging from injection molding for intricate, smaller-size, mass-production signs (generally 5000 units is the minimum) to vacuum and pressure forming for larger signs of limited runs.
Cellulose acetate butyrate is used extensively for vacuum-formed signs, background panels, and molded or formed letters because of its exceptional toughness, ease of forming, and excellent weathering properties.
Often, the finished sign or display incorporates several types of plastics and two or more fabricating techniques.
Panels with outdated copy are returned to the sign shop so a new message can be applied.
The triangles automatically revolve in a cycle which permits 9 sec. of viewing time for each poster subject.
The Adaptaplex Co., Beaverton, Ore.: letters molded of butyrate, available in several sizes in either red or black.
Also available from this company are Snug-Grip Plasti-Bars, extruded of transparent acrylic material, which may be cemented to any corrugated acrylic background material.
Don't build from the outside in -- try to build from the inside out
Finish installing and connecting up your furnace and your water heater before you wall them in.
And trailer makers, those most industrialized and therefore most efficient of homebuilders, say they save hundreds of dollars by always building from the inside out.
4.
The revolution is well under way, but much more remains to be done
Before that we lumber dealers were working almost single-handed on the problem".
4.
The railroads have responded by adding 20,000 more box cars with doors 12'or wider for forklift unloading (a 21% increase while the total number of box cars was falling 6%) and by cutting their freight rates twice on lumber shipped in heavily loaded cars.
The reason: today's components and lumber packages are far too bulky to be handled by a truckdriver and a helper.
Even "America's most efficient builder", Bob Schmitt of Berea, hopes to cut his labor costs another $2,000 per house as a result of the time-&-motion studies now being completed on his operation by industrial efficiency engineers from the Stanley Works.
We found that wherever you can use two teams on a job, five men, not four, is the magic number".
So if a green stud makes a carpenter or a drywall finisher or anybody else waste even 20 seconds, the green stud becomes more expensive than a dry stud.
They've been there since the days of the Moors and the Saracens.
You can wait, of course, until you arrive in Europe before renting your car.
The average charge for this additional insurance coverage is roughly $1.00 a day.
The basic costs are generally pretty much the same regardless of the agency through which you reserve your car, but some of them offer supplementary advantages.
In the majority of countries, however, the rates range from $3.00 to $3.50 a day for the smaller sedans and graduate up to $7.00 and $8.00 a day for the larger, luxury European models, with the rate per kilometer driven starting at $.03 and going up as high as $.12.
Leasing a car is not as common or as popular as renting a car in Europe, but for long periods it will be unquestionably more economical and satisfactory.
Since most European cars average more miles per gallon of gasoline than American cars, it naturally follows that the cost per kilometer for these models will be less, but the greater seating capacity of the large American cars will equalize this, provided your group is sufficiently large to fill a 7-passenger limousine.
note pitch 3 (pretty high) on emeralds but with a slight degree of drawl, one degree of oversoftness.
A brisk, amusing man, apparently constructed on an ingenious system of spring-joints attuned to the same peppery rhythm as his mind, Smith began his academic career teaching speech to Barnard girls -- a project considerably enlivened by his devotion to a recording about "a young rat named Arthur, who never could make up his mind".
The symbols of mother's status, here, are all usual for culture U.S.A.
In a general way, psychiatrists were able to establish on a wide basis what many of them had always felt -- that the most telling cues in psychotherapy are acoustic, that such things as stress and nagging are transmitted by sound alone and not necessarily by words.
The patient, on the other hand, is far from neutral;
By saying "another emotional death", she reveals that there has been a previous one, although she has not described it in words.
What he does do is give himself away by communicating information over and above the words involved.
She was the John Harvey, one of those Atlantic sea-horses that had sailed to Bari to bring beans, bombs, and bullets to the U.S. Fifteenth Air Force, to Field Marshal Montgomery's Eighth Army then racing up the calf of the boot of Italy in that early December of 1943.
Some extremists went so far as to urge our using it first.
Any retaliatory gas attack would be airborne.
Capt. A. B. Jenks of the Office of Harbor Defense was very worried.
No, Bari was out of range.
A British officer had come aboard and told him that in case of enemy air attack he was not to open fire until bombs were actually dropped.
Like hell he'd wait -- and supposing the radar-controlled gun got knocked out?
The burden of his secret was pressing down on him, as it was on Lieutenant Beckstrom and his six enlisted men.
Then the thought of a cloudless sky made him shiver, and he glanced upward.
He laughed.
"Stop!
The little Unsinkable sank almost immediately.
Now the Bascom was mortally wounded.
When a man recognizes a certain experience as the exact pattern of a previous dream, we have an instance of deja vue, except for the fact that he knows just why the experience seems familiar.
Dreams present many mysteries of telepathy, clairvoyance, prevision and retrovision.
But these are dreamed in original action, in some particular continuity which we don't remember having seen in real life.
But why is it necessary to reproduce the retinal image within the brain?
Three seconds flat is the usual time, and the space is crossed by moderate mileage, while the overwhelming immensity of such journeys must be conceived as a static pulsation through an enormous number of coexistent frequencies which perpetuate all events.
He was almost positive it was not Assyrian nor Cassite, and imagined it must have been German or English.
Nevertheless, there are notably frequent instances of deja vue, in which our recognition of an entirely novel event is a feeling of having lived through it before, a feeling which, though vague, withstands the verbal barrage from the most impressive corps of psychologists.
In this one sentence, he unwittingly revealed the basic philosophy of the nutrition and psychological programs in operation at the school.
The school has always maintained a farm to supply the needs of the school.
The basis for compost materials already existed on the school farm with a stable of animals for the riding program, poultry for eggs, pigs to eat garbage, a beef herd and wastes of all kinds.
The garden supplies enough carrots, turnips, rutabagas, potatoes, beets, cabbage and squash to store for winter meals in the root cellar.
At first the kitchen help was tolerant, but ordered their own supply of white bread for themselves.
Surrounding it are metal cans of grains ordered from organic farms in the state.
They serve cracked wheat, oats or cornmeal.
Most come from the root cellar or from the freezer.
For deserts, puddings and pies are each served once a week.
Raw wheat-germ is available on the breakfast table for the children to help themselves.
On their frequent hikes into the nearby mountains, the children carry whole grains to munch along the trail.
Soup is often the important dish at supper.
Visitors to the school ask what shampoo they use on the children's hair to bring out the sheen.
And in the dark days after the Great Flood of 1927 -- the worst natural disaster in the state's history -- the little plane was its sole replacement in carrying the United States mails.
There was no such thing as an airport in Vermont.
Down in Concord, New Hampshire, was a flier in the right place at the right time: Robert S. Fogg, a native New Englander, had been a World War 1, flying instructor, barnstormer, and one of the original planners of the Concord Airport.
His work began just six days after the flood.
With the field a blur of white the unfortunate pilot had simply flown into the hillside.
Each morning at five Fogg crawled out of bed to bundle into flying togs over the furnace register of his home.
(He'd get the engine oil flowing with an electric heater under a big canvas cover.
There he'd take a compass reading, figure his air speed, and deduce that in a certain number of minutes he'd be over the broad meadows of the Merrimack Valley where it would be safe to let down through the overcast and see the ground before it hit him.
One afternoon during a cold, powdery snowstorm, Fogg took off for Concord from the St. John field.
Still, it seems in the far future.
Now!
Also you can spell, without consulting a dictionary for every other word.
To put it bluntly, you are getting out-moded.
That's called progress!
Some have lovely homes -- some live in small apartments.
But, if you do, your life will be just one thing -- unhappiness -- complete and unabridged.
Maybe you will surprise yourself.
If you do, go to it.
How about the art of cooking?
It certainly isn't mine.
Few new writers have their first story accepted, so they tell me.
They are many and varied.
To one and all -- Good Days ahead!
An animal, bird or insect creates either a burrow, or nest or hive in unending sameness according to specie.
We know that actors can learn to portray a wide variety of character roles.
Joking and talking may be freer and easier, but the important factual information is still lacking for far too many newly-married men and women.
(Hymen, in fact, is the Greek word for membrane.
These cases, for all their rarity, are so dramatic that friends and relations repeat the story until the general population may get an entirely false notion of how often the hymen is a serious problem to newly-weds.
The intricate system of muscles that manage the contraction and dilatation of the vagina are partly under voluntary control.
When no medical problems exist, the newly married couple generally prefer to cope with the adjustments of their new relationship by themselves.
The husband and wife should start with this anatomical information clearly in mind.
Serious attention must also be given to the husband's problems in the honeymoon situation.
A final word.
Differences were related to social, economic, and educational backgrounds.
At its most ecstatic moments, husband and wife are elevated far above worldly cares.
The whole act is tailored to her pleasure, and not to theirs.
"The sexual relationship does not exist in a vacuum", declares Dr. Mary Steichen Calderone, medical director of the Planned Parenthood Federation of America and author of the recent book, Release From Sexual Tensions.
This opinion is supported by one of the nation's leading psychiatrists, Dr. Maurice E. Linden, director of the Mental Health Division of the Philadelphia Department of Public Health.
One wife, described by a New York psychologist, so dominated her husband that she actually placed their sexual relationship on a schedule, writing it down right between the weekly PTA meetings and the Thursday-night neighborhood card parties.
Some psychologists, in fact, suggest that career-bound husbands often are more to blame for topsy-turvy marriages than their wives.
They aren't "frigid" and they aren't homosexual;
In those days, a wife had mighty few rights in the domestic sphere and even fewer in the sexual sphere.
She liked this taste of authority and independence, and, with darkness, was not likely to give it up.
An aggressive woman wants a man to demand, not knuckle under.
On the other hand, a husband who always has been vigorous and assertive may suddenly become passive -- asking, psychologists say, for reassurance that his wife still finds him desirable.
Too many husbands, Dr. Schillinger continues, worry about "how well they're doing", and fear that their success depends on some trick or technique of sexual play.
(Jelke later served 21 months when he was found guilty of masterminding a ring of high-priced call girls.
He was the official procurer for King Farouk, now in exile.
During the course of the trial, Jelke backed up part of that statement.
An ex-fighter was introduced to her in a bar as "Mr. Warfield, the famous producer".
Even among the fast set in which she was moving, her method for keeping an escort from departing too early was unique.
And in short order the croupier had pushed several million francs her way.
The hotel staff, as well as residents of the Excelsior, told us they saw that both ladies were bleeding from scratches as they were seen fleeing down the hall.
By this time Diane was a beguiling lass of 19 and still seeking her place in the world.
Pulley had set her up at the Semiramis Hotel, but she grew impatient waiting for a royal reception and moved to a luxurious apartment to which the royal pimp had no key.
Held as a material witness in the compulsory prostitution trial of Mickey Jelke, the comely courtesan was unable to raise bail and was committed to the Women's House of Detention, a terribly overcrowded prison.
It was September 20, 1960, in a lavishly decorated apartment littered with liquor bottles.
"I think that maybe she wanted it this way", a vice squad cop said.
People come to me with confidence.
Yes, the ozone from his machine would cure practically everything, he assured her.
"You have it, all right.
Leaving Lee's office, Mrs. Shaefer hurried over to her family physician, who treated her for burned tissue.
The machine quack makes his Rube Goldberg devices out of odds and ends of metals, wires, and radio parts.
Look at the sums paid by two device quack victims in Cleveland.
The economic toll that the device quack extracts is important, of course.
"Neither me nor my wife were helped by that chiropractor's treatments".
"Hang this around your neck or attach it to other parts of your anatomy, and its rays will cure any disease you have", said the company.
In California, a few years ago, a ghoul by the name of H. F. Bell sold electric blankets as a cure for cancer.
Authorities say that oldsters are a prime target.
When Richard's parents told him they wanted to take him to an orthodontist -- a dentist who specializes in realigning teeth and jaws -- their young son was interested.
Malocclusion, or a bad fit, is what parents need to look out for.
Second teeth that have come in before the first ones have fallen out, making a double row.
Correction can save teeth
Because of these chewing troubles, a child may avoid certain foods he needs for adequate nutrition.
If he decides to proceed, he will custom-make for Susie an appliance consisting of bands, plastic plates, fine wires, and tiny springs.
During these visits the dentist will adjust the braces to increase the pressure on her teeth.
An added complication such as a malformed jaw may take two or three years to correct.
People today are aware of the value of orthodontics, and as a result there are more practitioners in the field.
This knowledge both modifies and dictates diagnosis and treatment.
Let the orthodontist decide the proper time to start treatment", he urges.
If a child does lose his first teeth prematurely because of decay -- and if no preventive steps are taken -- the other teeth may shift out of position, become overcrowded and malformed.
However that may be, people are known to go to mediums for diverse reasons.
However, in the next visit that the researcher made to the medium, he did not receive a personal reading.
Sometimes in these experiments "appointment sittings" are used.
An interested sitter may think the sensitive has made a "hit", describing something accurately for him, but can he really be sure that another sitter, hearing the same statement, would not apply it subjectively to his own circumstances?
"He had four children, two sets of twins.
Various categories have been explored to find out about these "empirical probabilities" against which to measure the readings.
And there are some positive results, though the final findings will not be known for a long time -- and then further research can be formulated.
The sensitive often seems to smell definite odors, too, or subjectively feels emotions.
It is apparently by symbols that the unconscious speaks to the conscious, and the medium has to translate these into meaning.
Livestock must be tended every day, routinely.
It may not be profitable for a part-time farmer to own the labor-saving machinery that a full-time farmer can invest in profitably.
It will frequently be uneconomical for him to own the most up-to-date equipment.
The children can do chores adapted to their age and ability.
Some persons consider the work on a farm recreational.
If you want to raise feed or carry out some enterprise on a larger scale, you'll need more land.
As a rule, part-time farmers hire little help.
These tractors are not entirely satisfactory for plowing, particularly on heavier soils, so you may still want to hire someone to do the plowing.
Discussed below are some of the main things to look for when you select a part-time farm.
If you grow anything to sell you will need markets nearby.
Check on the schools in the area, the quality of teaching, and the provision for transportation to and from them.
Is the land suited to the crops you intend to raise?
Its worth as a place to live.
To find estimated net farm income, subtract estimated annual farming expenditures from probable gross income from farming.
Public relations strategists everywhere, watching the reaction of the German press, the liberal press, the lunatic-fringe press, listening to their neighbors, studying interviews with men and women on the street, cried out: Too much, too much -- the mind of the audience is becoming dulled, the horrors are losing their effect.
These trials were properly termed "political cases" in that the trial itself was a political act producing political consequences.
It might be contended, of course, that Eichmann in stubbornly denying anti-Semitic feelings was lying or insisting on a private definition of anti-Semitism.
Not through fear of disobeying orders, as Eichmann kept trying to explain, but through a peculiar giddiness that began in a half-acceptance of the vicious absurdities contained in the Nazi interpretation of history and grew with each of Hitler's victories into a permanent light-mindedness and sense of magical rightness that was able to respond to any proposal, and the more outrageous the better, "Well, let's try it".
whether in the last degree or a lesser one was a matter to be determined individually.
Eichmann himself is a model of how the myth of the enemy-Jew can be used to transform the ordinary man of present-day society into a menace to all his neighbors.
Wasn't this meaning of Eichmann's experience in various countries worth highlighting?
In New York City in 1958, the city's Commissioner of Hospitals refused to permit a physician to provide a Protestant mother with a contraceptive device.
Instead of emotional recrimination, loaded phrases and sloganeering, we need a dispassionate study of the facts, a better understanding of the opposite viewpoint and a more serious effort to extend the areas of agreement until a solution is reached.
The Roman Catholic Church, however, sanctions a much more liberal policy on family planning.
Thus, man can readily deduce that the primary objective end of the conjugal act is procreation, the propagation of the race.
Many of them sincerely believe that the use of liquor in any form or in any degree is intrinsically evil and sinful.
The various Lambeth Conferences, expressing the Anglican viewpoint, mirror the gradual change that has taken place among Protestants generally.
"As to the necessity", the committee declared, "for some form of effective control of the size of the family and the spacing of children, and consequently of control of conception, there can be no question.
This viewpoint has now been translated into action by the majority of people in this country.
Seventeen months later, on September 6, 1611, an Irish fishing boat sighted the Discovery limping eastward outside Galway Bay.
Not enough to do away with all doubts, but sufficient to give a fairly accurate picture of the events of the voyage.
In 1609, the Dutch East India Company hired Hudson, gave him two learned geographers, fitted him out with a ship called the Half Moon, and supplied him with Dutch sailors.
One by one, the openings in the coast that promised a passage through had been explored and discarded.
Ahead were perilous, ice-filled waters.
Hudson knew he had to use these men as long as he remained an explorer.
For the first three weeks, the ship skirted up the east coast of Great Britain, then turned westward.
Turbulent tides rose as much as fifty feet.
Patiently, he explained what he knew about their course and their objectives.
To port was a point 200 feet high rising behind to a precipice of 2,000 feet.
North and south, east and west, back and forth he sailed in the land-locked bay, plowing furiously forward until land appeared, then turning to repeat the process, day after day, week after week.
Cook Bennett Mathues said Juet had predicted bloodshed on the ship.
The anchor cable would have been lost overboard, but Philip Staffe was on hand to sever it with his axe.
Selkirk persuaded eighty men and four officers to go to Red River where they were to serve as a military force to protect his settlers from the hostile Northwest Company which resented the intrusion of farmers into the fur traders'empire.
His trading goods came from Canada to the Forks of Red River and from Selkirk's settlement he brought them south in carts.
The route which he had traveled and which he believed might develop into a trade route was followed by his settlers earlier than he might have expected.
It was from the American outposts that Red River shortages of livestock were to be made good.
Accordingly Selkirk's agents ordered the settlers to move north, and by October, John Halkett had torn down both posts, floating the timber to "the Forks" in rafts.
In 1837, 157 Red River people with more than 200 cattle were living on the reservation at Fort Snelling.
To reduce further the flow of goods from England, the Company's local officials asked that its London authorities refrain from forwarding any more trade goods to these men.
A third wrote that it was "raining like poring peas on a rawhide".
A Texan wrote to a male companion at home: "what has become of Halda and Laura?
Near the end of his service he wrote that when the war was over he was going to buy two pups, name one of them "Fall-in" and the other "Close-up", and then shoot them both, "and that will be the end of Fall-in and Close-up".
I eat too much eggs and poark.
I could tell you of plenty narrow escapes, but we take no notice of them now".
Early in the war it was not uncommon for planters'sons to retain in camp Negro "body servants" to perform the menial chores such as cooking, foraging, cleaning the quarters, shining shoes, and laundering clothes.
Some of the letters were pungently expressive.
Thay may say what they please but godamit Pa it is fun".
Similar comments about officers are to be found in the letters of Northern soldiers.
The Rebs were, to a Massachusetts corporal, "fighting madmen or not men at all but whiskey & gunpowder put into a human frame".
1) Every age rewrites the events of its history in terms of what should have been, creating legends about itself that rationalize contemporary beliefs and excuse contemporary actions.
After all, the average American as he lies and waits for the enemy in Korea or as she scans the newspaper in some vain hope of personal contact with the front is unconcerned that his or her plight is the result of a complex of personal, economic and governmental actions far beyond the normal citizen's comprehension and control.
Therefore, the scholar, as he looks at our national folklore of the last 60 years, will be mindful of two facts.
Naturally, such scholarly facts are of little concern to the man trying to make money or fan patriotism by means of folklore.
For that matter, the experts themselves are a mixed breed.
and only rarely is he acutely concerned with the meaning of what he has located.
The work done by the analysts, the men who really know what folklore is all about, has no more appeal than any other work of a truly scientific sort and reaches a limited, learned audience.
Is the writer propagandistic?
Folklore, as used by such writers, really reflects images engraved into it by the very person using it.
The police credited him with twenty-five murders but he was never brought to trial for one of them.
He had been a choir boy at the Holy Name Cathedral and also served as an acolyte to Father O'Brien.
Those were his only interludes behind bars, although he collected four more charges on his police record in 1921 and 1922, three for burglary and one for robbery.
Until 1924 O'Banion pistoleers and knuckle-duster bullyboys had kept his North Side domain solidly Democratic.
Hughes said that he had understood the party was to be in honour of Jerry O'Connor, the proprieter of a Loop gambling house.
The result was a landslide for the Republican candidates.
he was neither prosecuted nor even arrested.
But Torrio and Capone had graver cause to hate and distrust the Irishman.
O'Banion's reply was a raucous laugh and a flat refusal.
One of the most damaging tsunami on record followed the famous Lisbon earthquake of November 1, 1755;
The dimensions of these waves dwarf all our usual standards of measurement.
On the fateful day in 1896 when the great waves approached Japan, fishermen at sea noticed no unusual swells.
After an earthquake in Japan in 1793 people on the coast at Tugaru were so terrified by the extraordinary ebbing of the sea that they scurried to higher ground.
The third and fourth waves seemed to be the highest.
The waves of a 1923 tsunami in Sagami Bay brought to the surface and battered to death huge numbers of fishes that normally live at a depth of 3,000 feet.
Its staff makes a preliminary determination of the epicenter of the quake and alerts tide stations near the epicenter for a tsunami.
It turned out that the waves were not so high as in 1946.
Earthquakes result when movements in the earth twist rocks until they break.
Earthquakes originate as far as 400 miles below the surface, but they do not occur at greater depths.
A sharp tremor was followed by a jerky roll.
The truth is, however, that when Mel Chandler first reported to the regiment the only steed he had ever ridden was a swivel chair and the only weapon he had ever wielded was a pencil.
But his first few days with Troop H were full of surprises, beginning with First Sergeant Robert Early.
That saved Mel Chandler.
It happened at the St. Patrick's Day party, a big affair for a regiment which had gone into battle for over three-quarters of a century to the strains of an Irish march.
Even the mess sergeant, Bill Brown, a dapper, cocky transfer from an airborne division, went out on the range.
The troopers knew an attack was coming, but they didn't know when, and they didn't know where.
He assembled a group of 25 men, composed of wounded troopers awaiting evacuation, the company clerk, supply men, cooks and drivers, and led them to the hill.
It was Bob Carroll, who had suddenly found himself imbued with the spirit of Garryowen.
"Follow me".
The North Koreans threw away their guns and fled across the rice paddies.
Many of his fellow officers refused to speak to him.
Assumption 1.
It follows that victory over Communism is the dominant, proximate goal of American policy.
but if providing higher standards of living gets in the way of producing sufficient guns to resist Communist aggression, then material sacrifices and denials will have to be made.
the other, for the most part, true.
If we look at the situation this way, we can get an idea of Khrushchev's nightmarish worries -- or, at least, of the worries he might have if his enemies were disposed to exploit their advantage.
The thing to lose sleep over is what people, having concluded that we are weaker than we are, are likely to do about it.
Success may mean merely the displacement of Western influence.
Today Northern Vietnam is overtly Communist;
Never mind whether the Kikiyus and the Bantus enjoyed Wilsonian self-determination: the point is that in the struggle for the world that vast land mass was under the domination and influence of the West.
We have had opportunities -- clear invitations to plant our influence on the other side of the Iron Curtain.
The young man spoke steadily enough, but all at once he looked grotesquely unshaven.
Chinese and Indian merchants across the street were slamming their steel shutters.
"Let's go to the roof and see".
I saw holes in planes at the airport and in cars in the streets.
We talked after I hailed his Jeep marked with the U.N. flag.
and to live in harmony with nature".
The Pathet Lao, stiffened by Communist Veterans from neighboring North Viet Nam, were supplied by Soviet aircraft.
Boun My, our interpreter;
Nobody wanted Americans to be hurt or captured, and few soldiers could be spared as escorts.
From his shoulder bag peeked the seven-inch barrel of a Luger.
But our two Jeep mates -- Keo Viphakone from Luang Prabang and John Cool from Beaver, Pennsylvania -- were beaming under their coatings of dust.
Mr. Keo agreed.
Then we were off again.
It takes place in the household, a rite of well-wishing for myriad occasions -- for the traveler, a wedding, a newborn child, the sick, the New Year, for any good purpose.
Then, one after another, the villagers tied the waiting cotton strings around our wrists.
When I pressed for a purely religious definition, I encountered the familiar blend of liberal piety, interfaith good will, and a small residue of ethnic loyalty.
This accords with the study by Maier and Spinrad.
"I want to show respect for my parents'religion" was the way in which a boy justified his inhabiting a halfway house of Judaism.
One of the significant things about Jewish culture in the older teen years is that it is largely college-oriented.
One of the significant developments in American-Jewish life is that the cultural consumers are largely the women.
What is noteworthy about this large group of teen-agers is that, although their attitudes hardly differentiate them from their gentile counterparts, they actually lead their lives in a vast self-enclosed Jewish cosmos with relatively little contact with the non-Jewish world.
Brooklyn College students have an ambivalent attitude toward their school.
However, a growing intellectual sophistication and the new certitudes imparted by courses in psychology and anthropology make the students increasingly critical of their somewhat provincial and overprotective parents.
This means that a great many academically talented girls are discouraged from pursuing graduate work of a more demanding nature.
And acculturation into the world at large is likely to occur for the Brooklyn College student after college rather than during the four school years.
The Ivy League enjoys no easy dominion here, and the boys are as likely to dress in rather foppish Continental fashion, or even in nondescript working class manner, as they are in the restrained, button-down Ivy way.
at least I have only one remedy for anything of this kind in my collection, one for hastening delayed menstruation.
This was made by putting butter in a pan of water and allowing it to boil;
My lawyer told me that his mother used a similar remedy for cuts and wounds;
Then he put a rag around the dressing to keep it in place.
Another cure for hydrophobia was to suck the wounds, then cauterize them with a hot knife or poker.
As the cloth dried, more of the mixture was applied, and after twenty-four hours the felon was supposed to be "killed".
Ant bites were eased by applying liquid bluing.
At times pioneer children got lice in their hair.
Winter itch was treated by applying strong apple cider in which pulverized bloodroot had been steeped.
Another poultice was made from the inner bark of the elm tree, steeped in water until it formed a sticky, gummy solution.
wetting a wart with this saliva on wakening the first thing in the morning was supposed to cause it to disappear after only a few treatments, and strangely enough many warts did just that.
Sore muscles were relieved by an arnica rub;
However, by cultivating a wine dealer and accepting his advice, one will soon enough ascertain whether he has any knowledge of wines (as opposed to what he may have been told by salesmen and promoters) and, better yet, whether he has a taste for wine.
Consultation with a reputable wine dealer and constant experimentation -- "steering ever from the known to the unknown" -- are the requisites.
Only then, perhaps, will he reveal his jewels and his bargains.
if it smells of cork, one has grounds for suspicion.
But the fact remains that in most restaurants, including some of the best of Paris and Bordeaux and Dijon, the bottle is frankly and simply brought from the cellar to the table when ordered, and all the conditioning or preparation it ever receives takes place while the chef is preparing the meal.
Very old red wines often require several hours of aeration, and any red wine, brought from the cellar within half an hour of mealtime, should be uncorked and allowed some air.
If this must be done, they should always be corked and kept in a cool place;
In France, when one wishes to entertain at a restaurant and serve truly fine old red wines, one visits the restaurant well ahead of time, chooses the wines and, with the advice of the manager and his chef, builds the menu around them.
Most of the wines of Beaujolais, on the other hand, should be drunk while very young;
The emancipation plan would not only be injurious to all the heirs, he contended, but would be a form of cruelty perpetrated on the hapless Negroes.
When he heard of his brothers'anger, Palfrey was still hopeful that they could be persuaded to accept his notion of paying wages.
If Palfrey ever had any doubts about the wickedness of slavery, they were put aside after he received an inventory of the slave property he had inherited.
Despite Giffen's warning, Palfrey still had plans for freeing his slaves in Louisiana.
In view of these difficulties, Palfrey decided to go to Louisiana.
Despite his apprehensions about his personal safety, Palfrey's reception in New Orleans was more than cordial.
All the slaves joined in requesting that they be allowed to delay their departure until the end of the planting season, so that they could get in "their own little produce".
Palfrey was also concerned about the question of what wage to pay for their labor throughout 1844.
When the Negroes landed at Boston a month later they were, of course, no longer slaves.
One of his initial acts in office was to appoint Philip Coombs of the Ford Foundation as the first Assistant Secretary of State for Educational and Cultural Affairs.
McNamara is the scholar-businessman.
"In fact, the search is almost more important than the find".
Both lived in Georgetown, were unattached, and shared an active social life.
A more official representative is the Secretary of the Interior.
They dug up a speech he had made two years earlier as a Congressman, decrying the more than two hundred statues, monuments, and memorials which "dot the Washington landscape as patriotic societies and zealous friends are constantly hatching new plans".
One of Mrs. Kennedy's initial concerns as First Lady was the sad state of the furnishings in a building which is supposed to be a national shrine.
Her effort to put the home of living Presidents on the same basis as Mount Vernon and Monticello recognizes no party lines.
Congress had already appropriated money, and plans were well along to tear down the buildings flanking Lafayette Square and replace them with what one critic calls the "marble monumentality" of government office buildings.
More importantly, he also happens to be the brother-in-law of Sam Rayburn, Speaker of the House.
He is still heir to the rare gifts of space and silence, if he chooses to be.
President Dickey's golden retriever, frolicking in the snow at his feet, added to the picture of masculine informality.
They are hailed by the nation's press, and Smith girls throng the riverbanks at Northampton and refresh the voyageurs with hot soup and kisses.
The Outing Club also owns a chain of fourteen cabins and several shelters, extending from the Vermont hills, just across the river from the college, through Hanover to the College Grant -- 27,000 acres of wilderness 140 miles north up in the logging country.
Early in the nineteenth century the State of New Hampshire was casting about for a way to found its own state university.
Dartmouth is today still a small college -- and still a private one, thanks to Webster's eloquence.
Then from the branches of a near-by tree an Indian underclassman, disdaining both the platform and the English language, harangued the assemblage in his aboriginal tongue.
The presidents of Cornell, Wisconsin, C.C.N.Y., Bowdoin, Vermont, Brown, Columbia, Princeton, Yale, and Harvard and the presidents emeritus of Harvard and Michigan were there.
All three schools coordinate their educational programs with that of the undergraduate college and, like the college proper, place emphasis upon a broad liberal arts course as the proper foundation for specialized study.
President Emeritus Hopkins once proposed to corral an "aristocracy of brains" in Hanover.
His sudden unannounced appearance at the Borden home was strange in that he did not carry an iota of baggage with him, although he clearly intended to stay overnight, if not longer.
It is known that Morse did associate with a group of itinerant horse traders who made their headquarters at Westport, a town not far from Fall River.
It is possible that Morse told the woman it was 11:20, but it could have been earlier, since she did serve dinner on time.
There is no accounting of his movements in this long gap of time which covers the early hours when Mrs. Borden was killed.
Morse could have returned openly while Bridget was sick in the back yard and gone up to the room he had occupied.
And for a man who traveled around without any change of clothing, a few more stains on his dark suit may very well have gone unnoticed.
indeed, it was probably to Mr. Morse's advantage to have Mr. and Mrs. Borden alive.
And, much as she detested Hiram Harrington, she also did not accuse him.
I inquired.
If Bridget did get any bundles of cash, the last person who would have rewarded her for services rendered would have been Lizzie Borden.
There is clear evidence that Lucy from childhood had an unusual mind.
The death of her mother in 1865 prevented this.
She read Maitland's Dark Ages, "which I enjoyed very much";
Winslow had musical talents, as had his father before him.
Moreover, she had physical as well as mental vigor.
She served for a number of years without pay beyond her travel and maintenance.
After all, she had come to Spelman Seminary in 1888, and had been since 1891 except for one year, Associate Principal or Dean.
When Dr. Wallace Buttrick, wise in his judgment of people, declined to have the Science Building named for him, he wrote Miss Tapley (April 7, 1923) "If you had asked me, I think I would have suggested that you name the building for Miss Upton.
Rockefeller and Packard Halls had been renovated;
Now the school was indeed bereft.
She was closely associated with the Founders in all their trials and hardships.
In these cases a graduate may enter directly into an apprentice program, saving a year because of his vocational courses in grades 11 and 12.
In general, however, it may be said that when a boy or a girl leaves the high school, the school authorities play little or no part in the decision of what happens next.
High motivation towards higher education must start early enough so that by the time the boy or girl reaches grade 9 he or she has at least developed those basic skills which are essential for academic work.
How can the vicious circle be broken?
Fourth, the type of vocational training programs should be related to the employment opportunities in the general locality.
Similarly, a girl who graduates with a good working knowledge of stenography and the use of clerical machines and who is able to get a job at once may wish to improve her skill and knowledge by a year or two of further study in a community college or secretarial school.
Indeed, one school superintendent in a large city objects to the use of the term comprehensive high school for the senior high schools in his city, because these schools do not offer strictly vocational programs.
Two stories will illustrate what I have in mind.
In my view, there should be a school which offers significant vocational programs for boys within easy reach of every family in a city.
The residue from soybean processing goes mainly into animal feeds.
Rather, meat and potatoes, sugar, and dairy products are the main sources of carbohydrate, protein, oils, and fats.
Seeds grown for industrial uses hold a relatively minor position.
This nondrying oil, however, is now more in demand than ever before as a fine lubricant, as a constituent of fluids for hydraulically operated equipment, and as a source of chemicals to make plastics.
Gums were extracted from quince, psyllium (fleawort), flax, and locust (carob) seeds in ancient times.
Most nuts consist of the richly packaged storage kernel and its thick, adherent, brown covering -- the seedcoat.
Other nuts consumed in lesser quantity include the spicy nutmeg;
Since Biblical times, rosaries have been made from jobs-tears -- the seeds of an Asiatic grass.
Each year millions of pounds of anise, caraway, mustard, celery, and coriander and the oils extracted from them are imported.
Per capita consumption remains around 16 pounds in the United States.
Distillers use corn, malt, wheat, grain sorghum, and rye in making beverage alcohol.
Not included was the value of seed oil in paints and varnishes or the value of the coffee and chocolate industries that are based on imported seed or seed products.
You couldn't stop'em;
Cattle were said to be "potted" when "blizzard choked", that is, caught in a corner or a draw, or against a "drift fence" durin'a storm.
The cowboy called this breed of cattle "magpies".
In the spring when penned cattle were turned out to grass, this was spoken of as "turn-out time", or "put to grass".
Shippin'cattle by train was called a "stock run".
This throwed the animal off balance, and over it'd crash onto its head and shoulders.
Colors of cattle came in for their special names.
An animal with distinct coloration, or other marks easily distinguished and remembered by the owner and his riders, was sometimes used as a "marker".
The origin of this sayin'was credited to a saloonkeeper by the name of Luke Murrin.
Later, the word became almost exclusively applied to a cow thief, startin'from the days of the maverick when cowhands were paid by their employers to "get out and rustle a few mavericks".
Then they picked up the smaller black specks on the plain in front of him.
"Light it"!
The route was choked with rugged lava-rocks, creepers and bushes, so thickly overgrown that when Kearton lost sight of Ulyate and called, Ulyate answered from ten feet away.
Jones had been about a hundred and fifty feet from her when he first broke through to the top of the Reef.
But John nipped her rear end -- one lion's rear end was as good as another to John, Africa, Arizona no matter -- and she changed ends and took a swipe at John, but he ducked back.
Just the tip of her tail was moving as she crouched, and she was treading lightly up and down with her hind feet.
"Don't you go a step nearer her than I do", Jones warned, "and if you do, go at a run so you'll have momentum"!
At this moment she was crouched in a cave-like aperture halfway down the Reef.
With the gully on three sides, she could be approached only along the tongue of land.
With a whirling jump, it could get into gear.
Of course the factor of head start made all the difference.
There was room to make a quick dash past the bush and throw as you went.
The Christian education of children, too, was once hardly more than a sideshow, but the day came when a congregation that did not assume full oversight of a church school was thought of as failing in its duty.
The ecumenical congregation
The other misconception is that our ecumenical problems will be solved if only the knowledge of the church in its world-wide extension and its interdenominational connections, now comprehended by many national leaders, can be communicated to all congregations.
The koinonia of Acts and of the Epistles means sharing in a common relation to Christ.
Neither is adequate if it stands alone.
As things stand now, the local and the ecumenical tend to compete with each other.
It is eminently successful according to all conventional standards.
All too often its conception of parish ministry and pastoral care includes no responsibility for them in their relation to issues of the most desperate urgency for the life of mankind.
He built a school and a library, then a recreation center and an inn.
Yet the truth, according to the New Testament, is that every local church has its existence only by being the embodiment of the whole church in that particular place.
Baseball was surely the national game in those days, even though professional baseball may have been merely a business.
Lou Gehrig was given the nickname Buster, and he ran Ruth a close race in home runs.
In his minor way Charles Arthur Shires was perhaps more typical of his era than Ruth was, for he was but one of many young men who laid waste their talents in these Scott Fitzgerald days for the sake of earning space in the newspapers.
The greatest team of this period was unquestionably the New York Yankees, bought by brewery millions and made into a ball club by men named Ed Barrow and Miller Huggins.
Promoters always hastened to place their choice tickets in the hands of the wealthy speculators, and only the man who knew the man who knew the fellow who had an in with the guy at the box office ever came up with a good seat for a contest of any importance.
The radio broadcasts themselves were often so patiently informative, despite the baseball jargon, that girls and women could begin to store up in their minds the same sort of random and meaningless statistics that small boys had long learned better than they ever did their lessons in school.
Erikson has noted that, unless this trust developed early, the time ambivalence experienced, in varying degree and temporarily, by all adolescents (as a result of their remembering the more immediate gratification of wants during childhood, while not yet having fully accepted the long-range planning required by adulthood) may develop into a more permanent sense of time diffusion.
and role-experimentation vs. negative identity.
but very few seemed aware that such acceptance and identification need to be supplemented with more enduring and stable identification of and with one's self.
Erikson has noted that, as this indecision mounts, it may result in a "paralysis of workmanship".
Childhood experiences in learning work and self-discipline habits within a context of developing autonomy and initiative have considerable significance for the prevention of illegitimacy.
Erikson has postulated that such ideological polarization temporarily resolves their search for something stable and definite in the rapidly changing and fluctuating no-man's-land between childhood and adulthood.
For example, the unwed mothers expressed their frustration with males who did not indicate more explicitly "what it is they really want from a girl so one can act accordingly".
The duration and other circumstances of the Selden case made it a flagrant example of the gross abuses of patent infringement actions.
the "objections stated at outrageous length";
The suit, although commonly designated as a single action, actually embraced five cases.
"I am satisfied that in the Selden case had this power existed and this course (been) pursued, it would have shortened the depositions of some of the experts nearly one-half and of some of the other witnesses thereto more than that".
.
This scheme failed, and the following decade brought a deluge of infringement suits among individual manufacturers that reached its crest in 1912.
By 1910 the courts were crowded with cases, many of them brought by freebooters who trafficked in disputed inventions.
Anxious to avoid a similar debacle in the motor car industry, Hanch went to Detroit in 1909 to enlist the support of leading A.L.A.M. members for an industry-wide patent-sharing plan.
The eloquent persuasions of Fish guaranteed the adoption of the plan by the members of the automotive trade association.
Turn left a block or so before the street ends, and then turn right down the Via Di Santa Prisca to the Viale Aventino.
The majestic circular tiers of stone of the Theatre of Marcellus give you some idea of the huge edifice that the Emperor Augustus erected in 13 B.C.
The figures have been executed so skillfully that one senses a great feeling of life and movement.
Before you enter the palazzo, note Francesco Borromini's facade.
From the Palazzo Spada you continue another block along the Via Capo Di Ferro and Vicolo De Venti to the imposing Palazzo Farnese, begun in 1514 and considered by many to be the finest palace of all.
Opera lovers will be interested to learn that this church was the scene for the first act of Tosca.
Perhaps a street musician will pass to add that extra touch.
It was dedicated as a church in the seventh century.
One block along the Via De Burro (in front of the church) will bring you to the Stock Exchange in the old Temple of Neptune.
To the Spanish steps
He has never, himself, done anything for which to be hated -- which of us has?
Even if he is gifted with the merest mustard grain of imagination, something must seep in.
The idea seems to threaten profound, barely conscious assumptions.
White people hold the line as long as they can, and in as many ways as they can, from verbal intimidation to physical violence.
I know Negroes who prefer the South and white Southerners, because "At least there, you haven't got to play any guessing games"!
The emptier our hearts become, the greater will be our crimes.
Southerners see them all the time.
4.
And I was curious about the African reaction.
And the second question is: Why don't those who now live here move out?
Each film consisted of fifty feet, which gives a running time of about one minute on the screen.
An early film by a competitor of the Wizard of Menlo Park simply showed a long kiss performed by two actors of the contemporary stage.
One of these is the "dissolve", which makes possible a visually smooth transition from scene to scene.
The time of the motion picture is fixed absolutely.
Almost everything about the movies that is peculiarly of the movies derives from a tension created and maintained between narrative time and film time.
A band of robbers enters a railroad station, overpowers and ties up the telegraph operator, holds up the train and escapes.
He revealed the potential value of the "cut" as the basic technique in the art of the film.
She dashes around in alarm.
The creator of the art of the film: D.W. Griffith
In all of this extensive and expensive effort, the camera was downgraded to the status of recording instrument for art work produced elsewhere by the actor or by the author.
the presence of other members of similar social and economic level is the sufficient condition.
but this is deceptive, for the core of membership is concentrated in a single social and economic stratum.
We have seen that the folksy spirit is confined to economic peers;
If economic integration really shapes congregational life, then evangelism should be a process of extending economic integration.
If we add to these contacts with friendly members the "contacts with an organization of the church" (11.2 per cent of the cases), then a substantial two thirds of all recruitment is through friendly contact.
once the pool of recruits diminishes, the congregation is helpless -- friendly contacts no longer keep it going.
The fact that metropolitan churches of the major denominations have moved approximately every generation for the last hundred years becomes somewhat more intelligible in the light of this struggle to maintain economic balance.
This conformity represents a desperate attempt to stabilize a hopelessly unstable environment.
It could be argued that only such neighborhoods can sustain religious activity, since worship presupposes some local stabilities.
The perplexing question still remains as to why the middle classes turn to the churches as a vehicle of social identity when their clubs and charities should fill the same need.
In 1721 the King sent three commissioners to Louisiana with full powers to do all that was necessary to protect the colony.
It was hoped that to this post would flow a large quantity of furs from the west, principally down the Arkansas River.
New Orleans supplied the goods for the trade on the Mississippi, and west of that river, and on the Ohio and Wabash.
The director of the post at Mobile kept an adequate amount of French goods, of a kind to which they were accustomed, to supply the Indian needs.
The Chickasaws finally were the occasion for the most disastrous wars during the French control of Louisiana.
The company was impressed with some ideas of the danger from Carolina, and when Perier came over as governor in 1727, he was given special instructions regarding the trade of the Mobile district.
So hostile did these factions become that, among the Choctaws, civil war broke out.
With the loss of the Mobile trade, which ended all profits from Louisiana, the Natchez Indians revolted.
Others left the country, and there was no one familiar with the Indian trade.
The King should expect no profit, and an advance of only 20 per cent above the cost in France, which would cover the expense of transportation and handling, was all he charged the traders.
A kaleidoscope of pressure groups make it unpleasant for the congressman who becomes ugly toward the Department of Health, Education, and Welfare.
Will not the righteous congressman be cheered at the polls if he reminds them to get right with America and if he saves the taxpayer some money by spoiling a few of their schemes?
But come the next session of Congress, State can expect only that its summer guest will bite its hand when it goes to the Capitol asking money for diplomatic entertaining expenses abroad or for living expenses for its diplomats.
Next day, reports went through the Department that Rooney had been outraged by what he considered a patent attempt to put public pressure on him for increased entertainment allowances and had sworn an oath that, that year, expense allowances would not rise a dollar.
Where Acheson had fought a gallant losing battle for the Department, Dulles fed the crocodile with his subordinates.
For three or four years in the mid-1950's, this complaint was heard rumbling up from the Senate floor whenever there was a dull legislative afternoon.
Some, like the British and the French, maintain an elaborate system of personal contacts and have experts constantly studying special areas of the American scene.
Speeches by the Soviet ambassador became the vogue as he obliged rural Maryland Rotarians and National Press Club alike.
The Menshikov interlude ended as larks with the Russians usually end.
The size of Saud's family was still being debated when the King appeared for his first meeting with Eisenhower.
When Dag Hammarskjold was negotiating the Middle East peace after Israel's 1956 invasion of Egypt, he soon found himself speaking the mysterious phrases of Cairo, a language as anarchic as Casey Stengel's.
Spiritual life is cultivated, but students do not need to be Christian.
With the loss of the Emperor diety in Japan, the people are left in confusion with no God or moral teachings that have strength.
They suggested several new foods, and usually I found them good, except the sweets, which I think I could learn to like.
Here I was accompanied by Mrs. Okamoto (Fumio's mother), her son, Mr. Washizu (a prospective student with whom I have been corresponding for more than a year), and Mr. Nishima, one of the science teachers.
There seemed to be no excuse?
The house itself is 400 years old with all the craftsmanship of older, less-hurried times.
At Osaka, Mr. Yoneda had to leave us to get the train to his home, but Mr. Nishima and I had an hour and a half before train time to see Osaka at night.
The teachers of Mr. Uno's school gave me a small gift to thank me for coming.
I am told the time will soon come when women will find it necessary to do most of their own work, and even now it is important to have conveniences for the use of servants.
They have model kitchens, a sick room with a model patient in bed, and a nursery with a life-like doll.
The achievement of the desegregation of certain lunch counters not only by wise action by local community leaders but by voluntary action following consultation between Attorney General Rogers and the heads of certain national chain stores should, of course, be applauded.
It is true, of course, that the end or objective of this action was different.
One of the sit-in leaders has said: "Nobody from the top of Heaven to the bottom of Hell can stop the march to freedom.
A trial of strength, however, is made quite inevitable by virtue of the fact that anyone engaging in non-violent resistance will be convinced that his action is based on sounder values than those of his opponent;
Without agreeing with every phrase in this statement, we must certainly assert the great difference between Christian love and any form of resistance, and then go on beyond the Mennonite position and affirm that Christian love-in-action must first justify and then determine the moral principles limiting resistance.
There may be instances in which, if economic pressure is to be undertaken at all, this would have to be applied without discrimination against a whole people.
The name presumably derives from the French royal house which never learned and never forgot;
When I question them as to what they mean by concepts like liberty and democracy, I find that they fall into two categories: the simpler ones who have simply accepted the shibboleths of their faith without analysis;
If he attaches little importance to personal liberty, why not make this known to the world?
But in our case -- and neither my wife nor I have extreme views on integration, nor are we given to emotional outbursts -- the situation has ruined one or two valued friendships and come close to wrecking several more.
but for this discussion the most important division is between those who have been reconstructed and those who haven't.
Probably a larger percentage of Virginians and South Carolinians remain unreconstructed than elsewhere, with Georgia, North Carolina, and Alabama following along after them.
All Southerners agree that slavery had to go;
I suppose the reason is a kind of wishful thinking: don't talk about the final stages of Reconstruction and they will take care of themselves.
And there is no section of the nation more ardent than the South in the cold war against Communism.
The Bourbon economic philosophy, moreover, is not very different from that of Northern conservatives.
It became the sole "subject" of "international law" (a term which, it is pertinent to remember, was coined by Bentham), a body of legal principle which by and large was made up of what Western nations could do in the world arena.
At the same time, all suggestions that some sort of societal responsibility existed for the welfare of the people within the territorial state was strongly resisted.
Labor relations have been transformed, income security has become a standardized feature of political platforms, and all the many facets of the American version of the welfare state have become part of the conventional wisdom.
less than a score of years later Congress enacted the Employment Act of 1946, by which the national government assumed the responsibility of taking action to insure conditions of maximum employment.
The Rule of Law, historically a principle according everyone his "day in court" before an impartial tribunal, was broadened substantively by making it a responsibility of government to promote individual welfare.
In its beginnings the nation-state had to struggle to assert itself -- internally, against feudal groups, and externally, against the power and influence of such other claimants for loyalty as the Church.
Within their confines, moreover, technological and industrial growth has proceeded at an accelerated pace, thus increasing the cornucopia from which material wants can be satisfied.
Operating side by side, together they helped shore up the nation-state.
Nevertheless, nationalism and sovereignty are reputed, in the accepted wisdom, to describe the modern world.
Is anything being done to increase our margin of safety?
There is little time for the men in the command centers to reflect about the implications of these clocks.
Work is under way to see whether new restraining devices should be installed on all nuclear weapons.
He was, and is, with the RAND Corporation, a nonprofit pool of thinkers financed by the U.S. Air Force.
For last-ditch emergencies SAC has alternate command posts on KC-135 jet tankers.
Hundreds of men are required to pass the word to the button pushers and to push the buttons.
All can be connected with the gold circuit from their homes.
and SAC, which controls long-range bombers and Atlas missiles.
No question ruffles him or causes him to hesitate.
(There are two receivers in case one should be dropped and damaged.
They are mere fragments, just one portion of preprepared messages.
Unless we send out the whole pie, their pieces mean nothing".
Their heads were in the air sniffing.
They went after the squall as mercilessly as a wolf pack after an abandoned cow.
They ran for three hours.
In an instant he had sucked it dry.
He tells of three men who started out on a trip across a single paddock, a ten-by-ten-mile square owned by a sheep grazer.
only -- there was not.
Any organism that falters or misperceives the signals or weakens is done.
We followed the asphalt road for a few miles and then swung off onto a smaller road which was nothing more than two tire marks on the earth.
But if you don't know the place like the palm of your hand, you'd better use a compass and the speedometer.
Its ribs showed, it was a yellow nondescript color, it suffered from a variety of sores, hair had scabbed off its body in patches.
We drove close to the boulder, stopped the Land Rover, and walked over toward the family.
A fly would crawl down the bulging forehead, into the socket of the eye, walk along the man's lashes and across the wet surface of the eyeball, and the eye did not blink.
The two children, both boys, wandered around the Australian and me for a few moments and then returned to their work.
Their skin was covered with a thin coating of sweat and dirt which had almost the consistency of a second skin.
The stink is all the same to me, but I really think they can make one another out blindfolded".
In the early eighteenth century this fantastic city, then the size of London, started to decline.
It seems that for Persia, and especially for this city, there are only two times: the glorious past and the corrupt, depressing, sterile present.
Those three other great activities of the Persians, the bath, the teahouse, and the zur khaneh (the latter a kind of club in which a leader and a group of men in an octagonal pit move through a rite of calisthenics, dance, chanted poetry, and music), do not take place in buildings to which entrance tickets are sold, but some of them occupy splendid examples of Persian domestic architecture: long, domed, chalk-white rooms with daises of turquoise tile, their end walls cut through to the orchards and the sky by open arches.
a cigarette would taste particularly good.
for another, it was here that one of the old caravan routes came in.
Down through the axis of the bridge there is a long diminishing vista like a visual echo of piers and arches, while the vaults fronting upstream and down frame the sunset and sunrise, the mountains and river pools.
a Bakhtiari khan in a cap and hacking jacket;
Nonetheless, they take time out -- much time -- from the game of grab and these new Western experiments to go to the gardens and riverbanks.
Boys and men go along the riverbank or to the alcoves in the top arcade.
Yet within this limitation there is an astonishing variety: design as intricate as that in the carpet or miniature, with the melodic line like the painted or woven line often flowing into an arabesque.
As he talked about himself, time and again stuffing and dragging on his pipe, Steinberg began to relax and the initial hurried feeling grew faint and was dispelled.
"By observing the conductor", he says with a twinkle in his eyes, "I learned how not to conduct".
Five years were spent with the Cologne Opera, after which he was called to Prague by Alexander von Zemlinsky, teacher of Arnold Schonberg and Erich Korngold.
Through the Frankfurt Jewish Kulturbund he began to give sonata recitals in synagogues, with Cellist Emanuel Feuermann.
He returned to Germany for the first time in 1953, where he has since conducted in Cologne, Frankfurt, and Berlin.
Other world premieres will be Gardner Read's Third Symphony and Burle Marx's Samba Concertante.
"There was always and at all times a contemporary music and it expresses the era in which it was created.
What did he do for relaxation?
I was far from convinced of the truth of my statement, but could not think of anything that might evoke responses more quickly.
I think it is rather foolhardy to trust to luck".
That test, as President Kennedy forthrightly depicted it in his State of the Union message, will determine "whether a nation organized and governed such as ours can endure".
Strong men with strong opinions, frank to the point of being refreshingly indiscreet, the Founding Seven were essentially congenial minds, and their agreements with each other were more consequential than their differences.
During his two terms the Constitution was tested and found workable, strong national policies were inaugurated, and the traditions and powers of the Presidential office firmly fixed.
Less dazzling than Hamilton, less eloquent than Jefferson, John Jay commands an equally high rank among the Founding Fathers.
Ardent, opinionated, even obstinate, they were amazingly articulate, wrote their own copy, and were masters of phrasemaking.
John Adams took to heart the advice given him by his legal mentor, Jeremiah Gridley, to "pursue the study of the law, rather than the gain of it".
"I have just come from viewing a man who had made the fortune of his country, but now is working all night in order to support his family", he reflected.
"We have now a national character to establish", Washington wrote in 1783.
Indeed, the old Jeffersonians were far more atune to the Hamilton-oriented Whigs than they were to the Jacksonian Democrats.
Those writers known collectively as the "Southern school" have received accolades from even those critics least prone to eulogize;
in 1950 it had become 47.1% urban.
But these sources have not been tapped.
Today the Negro must discover his role in an industrialized South, which indicates that the racial aspect of the Southern dilemma hasn't changed radically, but rather has gradually come to be reflected in this new context, this new coat of paint.
He has frequently refused to move from white lunch counters, refused to obey local laws which he considers unjust, while in other cases he has appealed to federal laws.
and the success of such an endeavor is, as suggested above, glaringly rare.
Westbrook further bemoans the Southern writers'creation of an unreal image of their homeland, which is too readily assimilated by both foreign readers and visiting Yankees: "Our northerner is suspicious of all this crass evidence (of urbanization) presented to his senses.
Not a single Southern author, major or minor, has made the urban problems of an urban South his primary source material.
Yet he presents a realm of source material which may well serve other writers if not himself: the problems with which a New South must grapple in groping through a blind adolescence into the maturity of urbanization.
To raise the dancer out of his personal, pedestrian self, Mr. Nikolais has experimented with relating him to a larger, environmental orbit.
But, since they have rejected both narrative and emotional continuity, how are they to unify the impressive array of materials at their disposal?
The contemporary painter tends to depict not the concrete objects of his experience but their essences as revealed in abstractions of their lines, colors, masses, and energies.
The composer may reverse or invert the order of his original set of intervals (or rhythms or dynamic changes).
The process stipulates that the choreographer sense the quality of the initial movement he has discovered and that he feel the rightness of the quality that is to follow it.
But her conscious need was to break away from constricting patterns of form, a need to let the experience shape itself.
The theme may be the formation of a shape from which other shapes evolve.
Thus, there is freshness not only in the individual movements of the dance but in the shape of their continuity as well.
If one dancer slaps another, the victim may do a pirouette, sit down, or offer his assailant a fork and spoon.
Each performance may be different.
The truth in their conflicting concepts was expounded by statesmen of the calibre of Webster and Calhoun, and defended in the end by leaders of the nobility of Lincoln and Lee.
This right of the State, its upholders contended, was essential to maintain the federal balance and protect the liberty of the people from the danger of centralizing power in the Union government.
When the Southern States exercised their "right to secede", they formed what they officially styled "The Confederate States of America".
Their President, Jefferson Davis, interpreted their Constitution to mean that it "admits of no coerced association", but this remained so doubtful that "there were frequent demands that the right to secede be put into the Constitution".
"We the people of the Confederate States, each state acting in its sovereign and independent character, in order to form a permanent federal government, establish justice, insure domestic tranquility, and secure the blessings of liberty to ourselves and our posterity -- invoking the favor and the guidance of Almighty God -- do ordain and establish this Constitution for the Confederate States of America".
What Lincoln could not concede was that the states rather than the people were sovereign in the Union.
It is much less difficult now than in Lincoln's day to see that on both sides sovereign Americans had given their lives in the Civil War to maintain the balance between the powers they had delegated to the States and to their Union.
As cells coalesced into organisms, they built new "unnatural" and internally controlled environments to cope even more successfully with the entropy-increasing properties of the external world.
we fly through the air, although gravity pulls us down;
Just as present technology had to await the explanations of physics, so one might expect that social invention will follow growing sociological understanding.
We are not now afraid of atomic bombs in the same way that people once feared comets.
But a somewhat more detailed analysis of this process may be illuminating.
Yet we no longer feel uneasy.
He does not know whether to look up or look aside, to put his hands in his pockets or to clench them at his side, to cross the street, or to continue on the same side.
Small wonder, then, that we fear.
In some areas, the progress is slower than in others.
The situation with regard to our attitude and "control" of disease contains close analogies to problems confronting us with respect to people.
Could it be that my own eyes and ears had deceived me?
They look as if they had been sculptured with an unsharpened chisel.
His tweed suit was a baggy gray and green.
It is all around us and our only chance now is to let it in.
One can only speak of what is in front of him, and that now is simply the mess".
How, I asked, could chaos be admitted to chaos?
To find a form that accommodates the mess, that is the task of the artist now".
This does not allow the mystery to invade us.
If there were only darkness, all would be clear.
Within this notion clarity is possible, but for us who are neither Greek nor Jansenist there is not such clarity.
My mother was deeply religious.
But do the plays deal with the same facets of experience religion must also deal with?
One does not have to look for distress.
As a writer on the theater, I have paid close attention to the plays.
Though sex in some form or other enters into all human activity and it was a good thing that Freud emphasized this aspect of human nature, it is fantastic to explain everything in terms of sex.
Lawrence Lipton, in The Holy Barbarians, stresses that for the beat generation sex is more than a source of pleasure;
If they avoid the use of the pungent, outlawed four-letter word it is because it is taboo;
The style of life chosen by the beat generation, the rhythm and ritual they have adopted as uniquely their own, is designed to enhance the value of the sexual experience.
Those who are sexually liberated can become creatively alive and free, their instincts put at the service of the imagination.
The mind has betrayed them, reason is the foe of life;
Monogamy is the vice from which the abjectly fearful middle class continue to suffer, whereas the beatnik has the courage to break out of that prison of respectability.
Hence the beatniks sustain themselves on marijuana, jazz, free swinging poetry, exhausting themselves in orgies of sex;
They feel they are leagued against a hostile, persecutory world, faced with the concerted malevolent opposition of squares and their hirelings, the police.
Those who are sexual deviants are naturally drawn to join the beatniks.
If love reflects the nature of man, as Ortega Y Gasset believes, if the person in love betrays decisively what he is by his behavior in love, then the writers of the beat generation are creating a new literary genre.
The primary quality of that view seems, now, to have been its quietness, but that cannot at the time have impressed us.
the tricks that time plays with memory and memory with time are queerest of all.
I have no picture in my mind of the garden as a whole -- that I could not see -- but certain aspects of certain corners linger in the memory: wind-blown, frost-bitten, white chrysanthemums beneath a window, with their brittle brown leaves and their sharp scent of November;
the peonies, whose tight sticky buds would be blighted by the laying on of a finger, although they were not apparently harmed by the ants that crawled over them;
Pale yellow snapdragons that by pinching could be made to bite;
When these had been pocketed, we could still spend a morning cracking open other pebbles for our delight in seeing how much prettier they were inside than their dull exteriors indicated.
We were forbidden to swing on the gates, lest they sag on their hinges in a poor-white-trash way, but we could stand on them, when they were latched, rest our chins on the top, and stare and stare, committing to memory, quite unintentionally, all the details that lay before our eyes.
No one seemed to hear him, no one heeded.
But the fences were still in place fifty-odd years ago, and when we stood on the gate to look over, the sidewalk under our eyes was not cement but two rows of paving stones with grass between and on both sides.
Lautner, for his part, "belonged to the present-day race of small artists, who do not demand the utmost of themselves", and the bitter description of the type includes such epithets as "wretched little poseurs", the devastating indictment "they do not know how to be wretched decently and in order", and the somewhat extreme prophecy, so far not fulfilled: "They will be destroyed".
It is this modulation which reveals to Jacoby his own frightful abjection and, simultaneously, his wife's infidelity.
beyond itself, also, it evokes numerous and distant resonances from the entire body of Mann's work.
Finally, the theatrical (and perversely erotic) notions of dressing up, cosmetics, disguise, and especially change of costume (or singularity of costume, as with Cipolla), are characteristically associated with the catastrophes of Mann's stories.
only slightly more, perhaps, than a newspaper account of such an incident would give.
This man's isolation is not merely momentary, it is permanent.
This passion brings on a fit which proves fatal.
Piepsam is not, certainly, religious in any conventional sense.
But he is more interesting than the others, the ones who come from the highroad to watch him, more interesting than Life considered as a cyclist.
The "reality" to which they respond is rationally empty and their art is an imitation of the inescapable powerfulness of this unknown and empty world.
Without the decay of a sense of objective reference (except as the imitation of mystery), the stress on subjective invention would never have been stimulated into being.
All artistic and mythological representations, therefore, are "imitations of imitations" and are completely superseded by the truth value of "dialectic", the proper use of the inquiring intellect.
Artistic mimesis under Christian influence records the involvement of all persons, however humble, in a divine drama.
They bring an inextricable component of value within themselves, with attractions and repulsions native to their own quality.
Underlying these conceptions of mimesis are certain presuppositions concerning the nature of primary human experience which require some exposition before the main argument can proceed.
The principal defender of this view of primary experience as "causal efficacy" is Alfred North Whitehead.
In this respect experience is broader and full of a richer variety of potential meanings than the mind of man or any of his arts or culture are capable of making clear and distinct.
It's infuriating, this feeling that one is being picked on, continually, constantly.
They didn't seem to be able to think of any.
The cliche loses its talismanic virtue in the light of a little history.
Who will deny that in a vast portion of the South the Federal action is incompatible with the Jeffersonian concept of "the consent of the governed"?
New England academies welcome fugitives from the provinces, South as well as West.
Who is involved willy nilly?
Like the cowboy in Stephen Crane's "Blue Hotel", we run around crying, "Well, I didn't do anything, did I"?
they were the beneficiaries of responsible, paternalistic care.
New Englanders were a bit sensitive on the subject of their complicity in Negro slavery at the time of the drafting of the Declaration of Independence, as Jefferson explained in his "Autobiography": "
Why should this be so?
He was referring not only to the general college situation but more especially to the preparatory schools.
On his father's side he was of German descent, on his mother's he came of the old Swedish nobility.
I looked unceasingly With my cold mind and with my burning heart".
all is seen and felt and experienced, the observation is sharp and the imagination lively.
"The man's true reputation is his work".
His cause was to commemorate the glory of her past and to incite her people to perpetuate it in the present.
Strindberg's remedy for this condition was to tear down the old structures and build anew from the ground up.
Somewhat uneven in interest for an average reader, eight or ten of these are among the finest of their kind in literature.
His ideal was Alexander of Macedon, as Napoleon's was Julius Caesar.
This comes out in "When The Bells Ring", which describes the rallying of the peasants in southern Sweden to repel an invasion by the Danes.
The guns are fired, the hymns are sung, and the body of Charles is carried down to the vault and laid beside the tombs of his ancestors.
Gustaf Vasa is a superb example, and Charles 10, the conqueror of Denmark, hardly less so.
Whatever his original assignment, the fictional private eye ends up by investigating and solving a crime, usually a murder.
he is a public servant but not a cop.
The birth of the myth compensates for the death of the ideal.
It is the gradual unfolding and deepening of this contradiction which creates the inner dialectic of the evolution of the mystery story.
It was in order to avoid the stuffy routine of middle class life that Holmes became a detective in the first place.
Another, more interesting explanation, is hinted at by Watson when he observes on several occasions that Holmes would have made a magnificent criminal.
Poirot and his counterparts are perfectly respectable people;
he is not an eccentric but rather an outcast.
Sam Spade joins forces with a band of adventurers in search of a priceless jeweled statue of a falcon;
Dashiell Hammett's Red Harvest provides a classic example of this theme.
He must, in short, cease to be a detective and become a rebel.
Great stress is placed on the role that the monitoring of information sending plays in maintaining the effectiveness of the network.
the cocktail party.
Thus the cocktail party would appear to be the ideal system, but there is one weakness.
It will be noted that point f has seven nearest neighbors, h and e have six, and p has only one, while the remaining points have intermediate numbers.
The need for monitoring became greater when radio was adopted for military signaling.
Even the officer in charge, be it a captain (for small display) or a general, is restrained by monitoring.
A military organization has an objective chosen by the higher command.
Of types of message listed in Table 1, commands and statements are the only ones sent through the vertical network shown in Figure 3.
This problem of the optimum balance in the relative numbers of generalists and specialists can be investigated on a communicative network basis.
I want to say more about Gabriel's so-called fundamental law.
I used his polarity to illustrate what I thought had happened to us in that form of liberalism we call Progressivism.
The riotous onrush of industrialism after the War for Southern Independence and the general secular drift to the Religion of Humanity, however, prepared the way for a reception of the French Revolution's socialistic offspring of one sort of another.
The long road that had taken liberals in this country into the social religion of democracy, into a worship of man, led logically to the Marxist dream of a classless society under a Socialist State.
But I have been at some pains to review it as the drama of the common man, to point up what happened to him under Eisenhower's leadership.
I saw a piece the other day assailing William Buckley, author of Man And God at Yale and publisher of The National Review, as no conservative at all, but an old liberal.
The contributors to this testament were all well-known: a former Democratic candidate for President, a New Deal poet, the magazine's chief editorial writer, two newspaper columnists, head of a national broadcasting company, a popular Protestant evangelist, etc.
They, perhaps, gave the pitch of their position in the preface where it was said that Eisenhower requested that the Commission be administered by the American Assembly of Columbia University, because it was non-partisan.
What is the common man's complaint?
and almost the only "cure" is early detection and removal.
So in these pages the term "technology" is used to include any and all means which could amplify, project, or augment man's control over himself and over other men.
In a book review of "The Soviet Cultural Offensive", he says, "Long before the State Department organized its bureaucracy into an East-West Contacts Staff in order to wage a cultural counter-offensive within Soviet borders, the sharp cutting-edge of American culture had carved its mark across the Russian steppes, as when the enterprising promoters of'Porgy And Bess'overrode the State Department to carry the contemporary'cultural warfare'behind the enemy lines.
No amount of ballyhoo will cover up the sordid facts.
Its pretense to operate in the public interest is little more than a sham.
Thus, if corporations are not to run away with us, they must become quasi-governmental institutions, subject to public control and needs.
Proprietorships can establish a meaningful identity, representing a human personality, and thus establish sincere relationships with customers and community.
When the proprietor dies, the establishment should become a corporation until it is either acquired by another proprietor or the government decides to drop it.
Persons developed in today's corporations cannot hope to serve here -- a judgment based on experiences of my own in business and in activities outside.
Our pin-curl clips and self-locking nuts achieved dominance in just a few years time, despite substantial, well established competition.
Those who would suppress dangerous thoughts, credit ideas with high potency.
Criminals, as well as model citizens, exercise their minds.
Have we not actually developed idea worship?
The Jews had been banished from England in 1290 and were not permitted to return before 1655, when Shakespeare had been dead for thirty-nine years.
Just as now anyone may hurl insults at a citizen of Mars, or even of Tikopia, and no senatorial investigation will result.
Are we better off for having Shakespeare's idea of Shylock?
A successful businessman recently prefaced his address to a luncheon group with the statement that all economists should be sent to the hospitals for the mentally deranged where they and their theories might rot together.
In the same vein, a certain short-story plot has been overworked.
Children, conditioned by this mistaken notion, have feared stepmothers, while adults, by their antagonistic attitudes, have made the role of the substitute parents a difficult one.
For a time the President received hundreds of them every day, most of them worthless.
Assuredly in our political campaigns there is freedom to think, to examine any and all issues, and to speak without restraint.
It did something to clear the ground, but it erected no striking new structure;
These began to be apparent in a press conference held during the second illness in order that the consulting specialists might clarify the President's condition for the nation.
And though we can look back now and see their errors, we can look back also to the ultimate error.
Ironically enough, in this instance such personal virtues were a luxury.
But by the time the risk was doubled, events had dismissed from his mind both increased percentages and a previously stated intention of considering carefully anything more serious than a bout of influenza.
As a means of silencing a discussion which ought to have taken place, the statement is an effective one: we sympathize with the universal confusion which gives rise to such convictions.
it was not to be resumed.
Like Roosevelt, he can distinguish an attitude toward a Russian leader he may share with a host of Americans from the responsibilities diplomatic convention may impose upon him.
For this change is not a change from one positive position to another, but a change from order and truth to disorder and negation.
For the truth formerly experienced by the community no longer has existential status in the community, nor does any answer elaborated by philosophers or theoriticians.
There the community, faced with the need to formulate policy on the level of absolute justice, can find the answer to its problem in the absolute truth which it holds as partially experienced.
At that point men become aware of the mystery of history called variously "fate", or "destiny", or "providence", and feel themselves caught helplessly in the writhing of a disrupted society.
It is not enough for man to be an ontological esse.
With regard to the change we are examining, the question is, at what point does the change become irreversible?
It would seem, therefore, that in a civilizational crisis man cannot save himself.
Weil identifies it as being "rootless", Guardini as being "placeless", Riesman as being "lonely".
The implicit assumption of this response is that history is reversible.
And the anxiety it generates is misinterpreted as anxiety over private interest and threatened social status.
It is a total situation that is defended: the "good old days".
his tragedy seems unworthy and trivial.
And the best way to conceal and disguise the elements of an incest story is not to set out to write an incest story.
The child dies with his mourning mother at his bedside.
a perfect symbol.
It is most probable that Freud and the Oedipus complex never entered his head in the writing of this story.
The novelist who has been badly baptized in psychoanalysis often gives us the impression that since all men must have an Oedipus complex all men must have the same faces.
Thomas Mann wrote The Holy Sinner in 1951.
An ivory tablet in the infant's cask recounts the story of his sinful origins and is preserved for the child by the monks of a monastery in the fishing village.
In recollection he has said: "Natural or man-made objects kept coming into my head, but I would suppress them sternly".
and they had (vaguely) heads and feet.
The extreme limitations he sensed in all current abstract art made that seem to him increasingly arid and cold.
In 1936 he decided to migrate to America.
a "Double-Figure", which went to the Chicago Art Institute, and is considered by him the most successful of his abstracts;
His company then carried out a confused retreating movement until it was surrounded by the Germans, a few days before France capitulated.
How much they esteemed him is shown by the fact that their underground committee selected him as one of the few who would be helped to escape.
Moineau and David held nothing but their fingers.
I left behind me brave men, whom captivity had robbed of all hope.
Arp protested: "But it is impossible!
One of the pictures was of a man with hat drawn over his face ceremoniously lighting a cigarette;
Others writing on Faulkner have found the phrase "traditional moralist" either inadequate or misleading.
There is no necessity, I suppose, to assert that Mr. Faulkner is Southern.
His earliest work reflected heavy influences from English and continental writers.
The tradition reached its apex, perhaps, in the works of Thomas Nelson Page toward the end of the century, and reappeared undiminished as late as 1934 in the best-selling novel So Red The Rose, by Stark Young.
There is evidence to suggest, in fact, that many authors of the humorous sketches were prompted to write them -- or to make them as indelicate as they are -- by way of protesting against the artificial refinements which had come to dominate the polite letters of the South.
nor is there need to add that among them are some of the most highly individualized and most successful of his characters.
Even if people do, in a not far distant future, begin to read one another's minds, there will still be the question of whether what you find in another man's mind is especially worth reading -- worth more, that is, than what you can read in good books.
He is a utopian with a stake in tomorrow and he is a vulnerable human made captive by the circumstances of today.
Actually, you could wish for some passion, now and then, but when you look around the world and see the little volcanos of current history which partisan social passions have wrought, you are glad that in these pamphlets there is at least some civilized calm.
Such activity may or may not have irritated the Kremlin, but it has frequently condemned America to an unnatural defensiveness that has undermined our effort to give leadership to the free world.
Even if the self portrait we distribute for popular consumption were accurate it would be dangerous to present it as a picture of the ideal society.
The new spirit, so well illustrated by Mr. Lyford's work, is wholly free of this anxiety.
No doubt there are historians who can explain to a great extent what happened to the plans and projects of the eighteenth century.
The reality of the situation, however, is described by Mr. Lyford: "
Not only did constellations like Draco, Cepheus, and Cassiopeia spin circles around the pole, but stars which were not circumpolar rose and set at the same place on the horizon each night.
The discoid shapes of sun and moon were also felt to indicate the shape of celestial things.
It must, apparently, be motion without termini.
This gives a clue to the cosmical order of elements.
Their motion will be eternal and perfect.
Ptolemy's problem is to forecast where, against the inverted bowl of night, some particular light will be found at future times.
He cannot, e.g. compute the retrograde arc traveled by Mars, without also making suppositions about the earth's own motion.
Historical records indicate that Copernicus was unaware of the fundamental aspects of his so-called'revolution', unaware perhaps of its historical importance, he rested content with having produced a simpler scheme for prediction.
Thus, in no ordinary sense of'simplicity'is the Ptolemaic theory simpler than the Copernican.
The strongest appeal of the Copernican formulation consisted in just this: ideally, the justification for dealing with special problems in particular ways is completely set out in the basic'rules'of the theory.
Granted, the cosmological, philosophical, and cultural reverberations initiated by the De Revolutionibus were felt with increasing violence during the 300 years to follow.
His objective was, essentially, to repair those aspects of orthodox astronomy responsible for its deficiencies in achieving these ends.
The very firmness of her convictions and logical clearness of her arguments captivated and stimulated him to make greater efforts;
Henrietta was discovering in the process of writing, as the born writer does, not merely a channel for the discharge of accumulated information but a stimulus to the development of the creative powers of observation, insight and intuition.
From Philadelphia came Cyrus Adler and Joseph Jastrow.
Young Morris, who, while attending the University of Pennsylvania, also taught and edited a paper, found time to write Henrietta twenty-page letters on everything that engaged his interest, from the acting of Sarah Bernhardt in Philadelphia to his reactions to the comments of "Sulamith" on the Jewish reform movement being promulgated by the Hebrew Union College in Cincinnati.
and the Szold family, as it developed, bore a striking resemblance to the Marches.
Bertha, blue-eyed like Mamma, was from the start her mother's daughter, destined for her mother's role in life.
but both groups were so closely knit that despite individual differences the family life in both cases was remarkably similar in atmosphere if not entirely in content -- the one being definitely Jewish and the other vaguely Christian.
Almost from that day, until his death, Olgivanna was to stay at his side;
So I got out.
The misery of Miriam's bitterness can be felt today by anyone who studies the case -- it was hopeless, agonizing, and destructive, with Miriam herself bearing the heaviest burden of shame and pain.
Then she rounded on Weston and cried, "You always did Wright's dirty work!
The animosity expressed by such a scene had the penetrating quality of a natural force;
Cried Wright, showing that automobiles were considered to be a danger as early as the 1920's.
You'll have some joy in the life of this city.
A series of conferences with friends and bankers began about this time;
Miriam sniffed at this, and complained that Wright had said unkind things about her to reporters.
If Mrs. Wright doesn't accept the terms in the morning, I'll go either to Tokyo or to Holland, to do what I can.
Besides, that particular message does no more than weakly echo the roar in all fresh blood.
Yet this passion for passion, now that I look back on it with passion spent, seems somewhat overblown and operatic, though as a diva Miss Millay perfectly controlled her notes.
If I am to speak the whole truth about my knowledge of love, I will have to stop trying to emulate the transcendant nightingale.
You probably would not remember, since you never seemed to remember even the same moments as I, much less their intensity, one sunny midday on Fifth Avenue when you had set out with me for some final shopping less than a week before the wedding you staged for me with such reluctance at the Farm.
But I can see from this latest trick of memory how much more arbitrary and influential it is than the will.
For innocence, of all the graces of the spirit, is I believe the one most to be prayed for.
To you, for instance, the word innocence, in this connotation, probably retained its Biblical, or should I say technical sense, and therefore I suppose I must make myself quite clear by saying that I lost -- or rather handed over -- what you would have considered to be my innocence two weeks before I was legally entitled, and in fact by oath required, to hand it over along with what other goods and bads I had.
There was, of course, more to the portrait of a lady you carried in your mind's eye than the sine qua non of her virtue.
The book, published in 1927, has been selling steadily ever since.
He is no dextrous-fingered college boy but rather a dedicated, humble, and bashful apostle of this instrument.
One cause of Schopenhauer's pessimism was the fact that he failed to learn the guitar.
Mr. Rosenberg suggested that they go out and find one.
A knowledgeable celebrity
In answer to a New York Times query on what is fame ("Thoughts On Fame", October 23, 1960), Carl said: "Fame is a figment of a pigment.
Through all these years, Mrs. Sandburg has pointedly avoided the limelight.
She is not only a trained mathematician and Classicist, but a good architect.
Lilian Steichen was an exceptional student.
She was pious, too, once kneeling through the night from Holy Thursday to Good Friday, despite the protest of the nuns that this was too much for a young girl.
Socialist leaders in Milwaukee recognized her worth, not only because of her dedication but because of her fluency in German, French, and Luxemburg.
A letter awaited her at Princeton.
we will not act in any way which would jeopardize our solemn commitments to them.
A rich nation can for a time, without noticeable damage to itself, pursue a course of self-indulgence, making its single goal the material ease and comfort of its own citizens -- thus repudiating its own spiritual and material stake in a peaceful and prosperous society of nations.
The immediate need for this kind of co-operation is underscored by the strain in this nation's international balance of payments.
But, just as we drew on Europe for assistance in our earlier years, so now do these new and emerging nations that do have this faith and determination deserve help.
Because of its wealth of experience, the Organization for European Economic Cooperation could help with the initial studies needed.
America possesses an enormous defense power.
This year, moreover, growing numbers of nuclear powered submarines will enter our active forces, some to be armed with Polaris missiles.
These discoveries are of present interest chiefly to the scientific community;
Fifth, we have just completed a year's experience with our new space law.
Among current problems that require solutions, participated in by citizens as well as government, are:
On January 18, Ernest Gross conducted a press conference at the U.N. lasting an hour.
The Gross group had been formed for the express purpose of advising the Secretary General.
"Yes", Gross went on, "Bang-Jensen was an up-and-coming young man.
You know, Bang-Jensen characterized your Committee as having prejudged his case".
"This was not merely alleging errors, but was carried out by day-after-day allegations in memos, written charges of serious consequence.
He claimed that the release of the preliminary findings was'prejudicial to his position'".
"It wasn't necessarily all here in New York.
Gross paused and repeated himself.
It was a sort of Gotterdammerung affair.
"What did you think about Bang-Jensen's contention of errors and omissions in the Hungarian report"?
"I know Ches, he's a friend of mine.
And after all this, Shann went over all that Bang-Jensen had brought up".
I think you are being unfair to take these things up now.
"This reveals some misunderstanding on your part.
J. A. C. Robertson, after serving Gross one week, left for England.
A rope was found and, like children in school, the missionaries skipped for hours at a time.
She was now enjoying the voyage very much.
At this time Harriet wrote in a letter which after their finally landing in India was sent to her mother:
John the Baptist used total immersion in the River Jordan for believers;
By early June they were a hundred miles off the coast of Ceylon, by which time all four missionaries were hardened seafarers.
Next day a ship arrived with an English pilot, his leadsman, an English youth, and the first Hindu the Judsons and Newells had ever seen.
Slowly she moved up the Hooghli River, a mouth of the mighty Ganges, toward Calcutta.
Harriet was just as delighted.
Crowds flocked through the waterfront streets chattering loudly in their strange-sounding Bengali tongue.
When Captain John Gibault of Salem had visited Burma in 1793 his ship, the Astra, had been promptly commandeered and taken by her captors up the Irrawaddy River.
"Go back to America or any other place", well-meaning friends of Captain Heard advised them, "but put thoughts of going to Burma out of your heads".
Upon complaints from the Lower House of Convocation to the House of Lords, he was removed from the Privy Council, his remark having been represented as a blasphemous affront to the clergy.
By this time, as we shall see, the Tories were already planning to "punish" Steele for his political writing by expelling him from the House of Commons.
Like Burnet, he deplores the indifference of the people in the face of the crisis.
Anne was furious, and Bolingbroke advised that the request be refused.
His birth, education, and fortune, he says, have all been ridiculed simply because he has spoken with the freedom of an Englishman, and he assures the reader that "whoever talks with me, is speaking to a Gentleman born".
The Tory leaders, he insinuates, are cynically using the Church as a political "By-word" to increase party friction and keep themselves in power.
Once more, in other words, Steele is said to be indebted to Swift for his "wit";
The film they did after his return was an inconsequential bit of nothing titled Out Of This World, a satire on the Sinatra bobby-soxer craze.
The lyricist's father was a lawyer who had branched out into real estate.
The maid then told her, "Because he fired me".
"We'd give him things to deliver, letters, checks, deeds and things like that", remembers his half-brother Walter, still in the real estate business in Savannah, "and learn days later that he'd absent-mindedly stuffed them into his pocket.
"That's Johnny", sighed the bank president, "the best-hearted boy in the world, but absent-minded".
Though merely clear glass, it was a distinctive trade mark for an aspiring actor who hoped to imprint himself upon the memories of producers.
When he heard that Paul Whiteman was looking for singers to replace the Rhythm Boys, Mercer applied and got the job, "not for my voice, I'm sure, but because I could write songs and material generally".
he collaborated on a song with William Hartman Woodin, who was Secretary of the Treasury, 1932-33.
While Johnny made himself comfortable on the couch, I'd play the tunes for him.
Arlen, too, worked on other projects at the same time with old friend Ted Koehler.
It had a single porcelain stall and but one cabinet for the chairing of the bards.
Mr. Herford's appearance was that of a frustrated gnome.
-- to go to the door.
Even earlier than that he had resented the fact that I had been chosen to edit the club's Reporter.
From the very first he regarded himself as Mr. Hearst's disciple, defender, and afterward his prime minister, self-ordained.
'And would you believe it', Vic added,'she likes him better than she does me.
I worked for a day on this plainly ridiculous assignment and consulted several of my own well-informed sources.
Mr. Baer obtained a supply of crepe hair and spirit-gum from an actor at the Friars.
The Hetman told me to take the story over the phone and to write it.
The Hetman's "ideas" for news stories or editorial campaigns were by no means always fruitless or lacking in merit.
Much to Damon Runyon's amazement, as well as my own, I got along splendidly with the Hetman;
"Don't bother to look any further.
Mama knew she was playing her son's favorite pieces and feeling close to him, and did not disturb her.
The President used to look at it with a ghost of a smile.
The Coolidges'life, after the death of their son, was quieter than ever.
People think the dress in the picture was lengthened by an artist much later on.
The dogs would run through the halls after him like a burst of bullets, and all the maids would run for cover.
-- he called all meals supper -- after the butler had announced the meal.
For the Coolidges, it was Mr. and Mrs. Frank W. Stearns of Boston, Massachusetts, owners of a large department store.
He knew exactly how to be colorful!
Actually, two flags were used at the mansion -- a small one on rainy days, and a big one on bright days.
But again, there was danger that his lungs would suffer in the muggy Washington weather, and he had to return to the dry climate of the West to live and work.
She had stood at the bottom of the stairs, as usual, when Mrs. Coolidge came down, in the same dress that is now in the Smithsonian, to greet her guests.
In the arena of power Jews have at one time or another been somebody's ally;
The genuinely interesting question, then, becomes: What factors determine the degree of realism or distortion in conventional images of Jews?
Predispositions, in turn, fall conveniently into two categories for purposes of analysis.
Undoubtedly one merit of the vast panorama of Gentile conceptions of the Jew unfolded in the present anthology is that it provides a formidable body of material that invites critical examination in terms of reality.
What are the historical trends in this country and abroad in the extent to which these goals are effectively realized?
If Jews are identified as a religious body in a controversy that comes before a national or international tribunal, it is obviously compatible with the goal of human dignity to protect freedom of worship.
So far as the existing body of formal principle and procedure is concerned, categorical novelties are not to be anticipated in Jewish-Gentile relationships;
When we consider the disorganized state of the world community, and the legacy of predispositions adversely directed against all who are identified as Jews, it is obvious that the struggle for the minds and muscles of men needs to be prosecuted with increasing vigor and skill.
As more men and women are made capable of living up to the challenge of decency the chances are improved that the pattern of predisposition prevailing in positions of strength in future crises can be favorably affected.
For this purpose a degree of intellectual and emotional involvement is necessary;
There is a risk that instead of teaching a person how to be himself, reading fiction and drama may teach him how to be somebody else.
One would need to test this proposition carefully;
certainly the awakened alarm over the comic books and the continuous concern over prurient literature indicate some peripheral aspects of this influence.
The notion of "inspiration" is somehow cognate to this feeling.
F.S.C. Northrop, in his discussion of The "Functions And Future Of Poetry", suggests this: "One of the things which makes our lives drab and empty and which leaves us, at the end of the day, fatigued and deflated spiritually is the pressure of the taxing, practical, utilitarian concern of common-sense objects.
The rehearsal through literature of emotional life under controlled conditions may be a most valuable human experience.
These are, if the research is done with subtlety and skill, researchable topics, but the research is missing.
But to go from here to the belief that those more sensitive to metaphor and language will also be more sensitive to personal differences is too great an inferential leap.
The natural and primary aesthetic attitude is to enjoy contemporary art, to despise and dislike the art of the recent past, and wholly to ignore everything else".
Many will add that we may find our enjoyment heightened by our understanding.
In this essay, we are, along with most historians, interested in the more general or more inclusive ideas, that are so to speak "writ large" in history of literature where they recur continually.
Again, he may discover embodied within its texture a theme or idea that has been presented elsewhere and at other times in various ways.
Here we may observe that at least one modern philosophy of history is built on the assumption that ideas are the primary objectives of the historian's research.
Let us survey for a moment the development of modern thought -- turning our attention from the Reformation toward the revolutionary and romantic movements that follow and dwelling finally on more recent decades.
A contrast of the scripture reading of, let us say, St. Augustine, John Bunyan, and Thomas Jefferson, all three of whom found in such study a real source of enlightenment, can tell us a great deal about these three men and the age that each represented and helped bring to conscious expression.
If within one year you can make a success out of the American, you can practically name your own salary thereafter.
Hearst saw his wife and child, sent a joyful message to his mother in California, and soon returned to Washington, where on April 22, for the first time, he opened his mouth in Congress.
The Congressman tried hard, but failed.
He was a political maverick, a reformer with his own program, determined to bulldoze it through or to blazon the infamy of those who balked him.
The sneers at Hearst changed to concern when it was seen that he had strong support in many parts of the country.
The alternative to this is that if a conservative candidate is nominated the national committee will have to appeal to the trusts for their campaign funds, and in doing this will incur obligations which would make a Democratic victory absolutely fruitless.
"
"We are menaced for the first time in the history of the Republic by the open and unblushing effort of a multi-millionaire to purchase the Presidential nomination.
"Never mind, thank you", he said.
He laughed at a story that he planned to bolt the party if he was not nominated.
Trevelyan's Liberalism was above all a liberalism of the spirit, a deep feeling of communion with men fighting for country and for liberty.
Thus Trevelyan repeats the story which pictured Victor Emmanuel as refusing to abandon the famous Statuto at the insistence of General Radetzky.
Of the two, The Life Of Bright is incomparably the better biography.
Characteristically, Trevelyan enjoyed writing the work.
More temperately than in the study of Grey and despite his Liberal bias, Trevelyan vividly sketches the England of pre-French Revolution days, portrays the stresses and strains of the revolutionary period in rich colors, and brings developments leading to the Reform Bill into sharp and clear focus.
These lectures formed the nucleus of a general survey of English development which took form afterward as A History Of England.
Trevelyan is militantly sure of the superiority of English institutions and character over those of other peoples.
Trevelyan was at least in part attracted to the period by an almost unconscious desire to take up the story where Macaulay's History Of England had broken off.
The account of the battle is, next to his descriptions of Garibaldi's campaigns, Trevelyan's outstanding military narrative.
"Well, I might not get that far", I told them, "as actually I have no papers to enter Germany and, as a matter of fact, no permit to return to France once I leave".
"Listen please", I called to the students in French.
I marched up to the waiting officials, the students massed behind me.
I asked him.
"No line"?
"Oh?
Seeing their hesitation, I said, "Well, until I have permission to enter Germany, or a visa to re-enter France, I shall be obliged to remain here on the line between two countries", whereupon I moved to the side of the road, parked my backpack against the small guardhouse on the sidewalk, sat down, took out my typewriter, and began typing the above conversation.
That would be a great help, I told him, thanking him for his thoughtfulness.
I was delighted to make that personal contact in such trying and unusual circumstances.
To my great surprise and delight, when they saw the two trees they went rushing off, returning shortly with decorations from their own trees.
"Who is it"?
I wouldn't hear of it because it meant giving up the "line", though I realized I was in poor shape physically.
I asked him.
He remembered every detail of his pre-assault movements but nothing of the final, desperate rush to come to grips with the enemy.
The Thirty-eighth Regiment of Ohio Volunteers, one of the regiments in Thomas'First Division during Buell's command, suffered its greatest loss of the war in this action.
The Fourth Corps assaulted and carried a small portion of the enemy works but could not hold possession of the gain for want of cooperation from the balance of the line.
Thomas thanked his men for their tenacity of purpose, unmurmuring endurance, cheerful obedience, brilliant heroism and high qualities in battle.
Lincoln mentioned their distinguished ability, courage and perseverance.
There was a battle on an average of once every three weeks.
Orders of the day began to specify the standard map for the movement.
A horse needed twenty pounds of food a day but the infantryman got along with two pounds.
Third, it could threaten at all times, and destroy when possible, the enemy communications.
From the night of August 30 to the morning of September 2 there was no Union cavalry east of the Macon railway to disclose to Sherman that he was missing the greatest opportunity of his career.
Most of the Rebels got away since they could make better time through the stiff brush than their naked pursuers.
Some, she knew, looked upon Thompson almost as a saint, but others read in "The Hound Of Heaven" what they took to be the confessions of a great sinner, who, like Oscar Wilde, had -- as one pious writer later put it -- thrown himself "on the swelling wave of every passion".
This letter concluded with an invitation: "
Perhaps Mrs. Meynell would do me the undeserved kindness to keep my own copy of the first edition of my first book, with all its mementos of her and the dear ones.
I want you to be grandfather to these orphaned poems, dear father-brother, now I am gone;
but this -- yes, terrible step I am about to take is lightened with an inundating joy by the new-found hope that here, in these poems, is treasure -- or at least some measure of beauty, which I did not know of".
My own stern hand has rent the ancient bond, And thereof shall the ending not have end: But not for me, that loved her, to be fond Lightly to please me with a newer friend Then hold it more than bravest-feathered song, That I affirm to thee, with heart of pride, I knew not what did to a friend belong Till I stood up, true friend, by thy true side;
If, as Reid says, "nearly all his poetry was produced when he was not taking opium", there may be some reason to doubt that he was under its influence in the period from 1896 to 1900 when he was writing the poems to Katie King and making plans for another book of verse.
Reviewing Davidson's The Testament Of An Empire Builder, for example, Thompson found that there was "too much metrical dialectic".
By June 19, 1788, he had presented himself to its Commander in Chief, the Governor of the Southern Provinces, the Director of the War College -- The Prince.
Potemkin's Army of Ekaterinoslav, totaling, it was claimed, 40,000 regular troops and 6,000 irregulars of the Cossack Corps, had invested Islam's principal stronghold on the north shore of the Black Sea, the fortress town of Oczakov, and was preparing to test the Turk by land and sea.
and General the Count Pallavicini, founder of the Austrian branch of that celebrated Italian house, a courtier Littlepage could have met at Madrid in December, 1780.
" So of course he stayed put.
Among the visitors arriving every now and then there were, of course, women.
When this happened, everything stopped.
Like all Russians he was an emotional man, and in him the emotions warred.
Despising luxuries of any sort for a soldier, he slept on a pile of hay with his cloak as blanket.
in camp he knew it won you the affection of your men.
He always kept a few on his personal staff.
"He's got high blood pressure, too, and bum kidneys", the doctor said to me.
It was funny but it was also touching.
Greek phone service is worse than French, so that it was to be some little time before contact of any sort was established.
And then perhaps one day we get to Athens.
All we wanted to do was to stand very quietly and look and look and look.
It remained, however, for Mando to teach me that Doric symbolized strength, Ionic wisdom, and Corinthian beauty, the three pillars of the ancient world.
The Acropolis had been scheduled for the treatment too, but apparently it was to take place at the time of the full moon when the Athenians themselves, out of respect for the natural beauty of the occasion, were wont to forgo their own usual nocturnal illumination.
Nine o'clock is the rush hour, when the busses are jammed, and by nine-thirty the restaurants are beginning to fill.
We were struck by the notable absence of banana skins and beer cans, but just so that we wouldn't go overboard on Greek refinement, perfection was side-stepped by a couple of braying portable radios.
There is a mediocre restaurant at Sounion and I fed a thin little Grecian cat and gave it two saucers of water -- there was no milk -- which it lapped up as though it were nectar.
This of course was not true of the educated and sophisticated people we met, who loved their pets, but kindness is not a basic human instinct.
He claimed in his attacks that Woodruff, with scurrilous underhandedness, had deliberately written an ambiguous bid that had so confused the honest members of the legislature that they had awarded him the contract without knowing what they were doing.
The charges would be made in The Gazette by an anonymous correspondent, and Pike would be so busy trying to track down the illusive character assassin that he would forget about harassing Woodruff.
Finally he learned through the grapevine that the culprit might be one James W. Robinson in Pope County.
Once he learned a lesson, he never forgot it.
Woodruff was furious.
To document his charge, Pike set up two parallel columns in The Advocate showing the price charged by The Gazette and the considerably lower price for which the work could be done elsewhere.
On January 28, 1835, Andrew Jackson removed Pope from office and elevated Territorial Secretary William S. Fulton to the position.
"Little Rock is a vile, detestable place.
The orator of this period, in order to earn a reputation, had to pay close attention to the formal composition of his speech, judging how it would appear in print as well as the effect it would have on the audience that heard it.
He said Gorton was a holy man;
Gorton left England, he said, "to enjoy libertie of conscience in respect to faith towards God, and for no other end".
Gorton appeared for her, however, and what he told the magistrates must have been plenty, for he was charged with deluding the court, fined, and told to leave the colony within fourteen days.
The old woman complained to the deputy governor, who ordered the servant brought before the court.
yet the tide is too strong against us, and I fear (if the framer of hearts help not) it will force me to little Patience, a little isle next to your Prudence".
If Gorton wanted peace and quiet for his complicated meditations this is where he should have had it.
The latter tried to arbitrate through a delegation from Providence, which offer was declined by the invaders.
When the captives arrived in Boston, "the chaplain (of their captors) went to prayers in the open streets, that the people might take notice what they had done in a holy manner, and in the name of the Lord".
The Gortonists were charged with blasphemy and tried for their lives.
All of the elders except three voted for death, but a majority of the deputies refused to sanction the sentence.
"It was mighty good for the old man to get out again".
Let me give Papa blood".
"But we aren't going to let you give him any".
Papa had left us about the same hour of the night that Ben had passed on.
At his death Fred and Ralph, my husband, were named executors of the estate under the terms of the will.
So, because he had received less than Tom, it was felt proper that Fred should receive the few hundred dollars that remained.
"Merciful God, Julia"!
But Papa's death had further complicated the financing of Tom's hoped-for third year, and for the weeks following it Tom did not know whether his return to Harvard could be arranged.
That spring Welcome To Our City was selected for production by the 47 Workshop and it was staged in the middle of May.
he despised parsimony, and particularly of words.
The Graham Memorial would be the campus student union honoring the late and much beloved Edward Kidder Graham, who had been president when Tom entered the university.
Such a revision, he said, would ruin it, would change his whole conception of the play as well as the treatment.
I went to an afternoon service at the Aj.
I was familiar with Pilgrim's Progress, which I read as literature.
I found myself becoming one of that group of people who, in Carlyle's words, "are forever gazing into their own navels, anxiously asking'Am I right, am I wrong'"?
If obeyed, the law brings order and satisfaction.
One's daily work becomes sacred, since it is performed in the field of influence of the moral law, dealing as it does with people as well as with matter and energy.
or to let the ethical be superseded by the purposive.
This truth that the moral law is natural has other important corollaries.
The Australian aborigine is the conventional exemplar of degraded humanity;
When the young biologist, Dr. Ballard, began to show interest in our daughter Elizabeth, this induced a corresponding interest, on our part, in him.
For them only a little more needed to be learned, and then all physical knowledge could be neatly sorted, packaged and put in the inventory to be drawn on for the solution of any human problem.
This is a straightforward denial of the spiritual world and a vigorous defense of pure materialism.
and James Russell Lowell and Edgar Allan Poe of nineteenth century American letters.
He explains that his citizens must not be corrupted by any of the misrepresentations of the gods or heroes that one finds in much poetry, and he observes that all "these pantomimic gentlemen" will be sent to another state.
The same sort of thinking plays so large a part in both Babbitt and More, that we must examine it in some detail.
He even calls upon the poets to defend the Muse and to show that poetry may contribute to virtue.
He assures us, early in the Poetics, that all art is "imitation" and that all imitation gives pleasure, but he distinguishes between art in general and poetic art on the basis of the means, manner, and the objects of the imitation.
In addition, his definition of a tragedy invites our attention, because a serious and important action may very well be one that tests the moral fiber of the author or of the characters.
Gosson and Sidney
Second, we will see how Sidney answered the charges, for while Sidney's essay was not specifically a reply to Gosson, his arguments do support the new theater.
But it would not be very satisfactory to leave our conclusions at the point just reached.
Students are approximately equally divided between those who regard vocational preparation as the primary goal of an ideal education and those who chose a general liberal education.
And, contrary to many popular assertions, the goal-values chosen do not seem to us to be primarily oriented to materialistic success nor to mere conformity.
The purely cognitive or informational problems are often acute.
"Conservatism" and "traditionalism" seem implied by what has just been said.
College in gross -- just the general experience -- may have varying effects, but the students who are successful emerge with strengthened and clarified democratic values.
Although we have no measures of its strength or intensity, the heritage of the doctrine of inalienable rights is retained.
Avowed atheists or freethinkers are so rare as to be a curiosity.
But, here again, comparative benchmarks are lacking, and we do not know, in any case, what measure of profoundity and intensity to expect from healthy, young, secure and relatively inexperienced persons;
On the morning of November 17th, Cornwallis and 2,000 men had left Philadelphia with the object of capturing Fort Mercer at Red Bank, New Jersey.
Similar orders were given to the Maryland militia.
"As Mrs. Morris may be in some want before that time", Lafayette continued, "I am going to trouble you with a commission which I beg you will execute with the greatest secrecy.
The position of the new camp was admirably selected and well fortified, its easily defensible nature being one good reason why Howe did not attack it.
If the hardships of the winter at Valley Forge were trying for healthy men, they were, of course, much more so for those not in good health.
His neighbors celebrated his return, even if it was only temporary, and Morgan was especially gratified by the quaint expression of an elderly friend, Isaac Lane, who told him, "A man that has so often left all that is dear to him, as thou hast, to serve thy country, must create a sympathetic feeling in every patriotic heart".
The Frenchman had been ordered to approach the enemy's lines, harass them and get intelligence of their movements.
A letter of a few days later from Washington's aide to Morgan stated, "His Excellency is highly pleased with your conduct upon this occasion".
On the surface, the whole question was purely feudal.
They had risen from humble beginnings by their own diligence and astuteness, they were unfettered by the codes that bound nobles like Othon or even the older generation of clerks like Hotham, and they were working for an end that their opponents had never even visualized.
The Scots had found a new leader in William Wallace, and Edward's yearly expeditions across the Border called for evermounting taxes, which only increased his difficulties with the barons and the clergy.
This also gave them the unpleasant duty of being spokesmen for the mission, and they could foresee that that would not be easy.
the Low Countries, where the Middle Ages were to last for another two centuries and die out only when Charles the Bold of Burgundy met his first defeat in the fields and forests below the walls of Grandson.
Alfred, who was a good deal older than Harry, had treated him like a son, and when Harry decided to stay in business with Lew instead of going with Alfred, Alfred looked on the decision as a betrayal.
Tessie could do nothing for Alfred.
He knew Alfred liked me;
Solemnly he walked me back to Alfred's house without a word passing between us.
Alfred, leaning on Meltzer, stopped for a minute to look at Tessie.
But the car moved off and Alfred just looked straight ahead.
Meltzer was a boarder with the Banks family.
Banks the Butcher was a hard master and a hard father, a man who didn't seem to know the difference between the living flesh of his family and the hanging carcasses of his stock in trade.
She had to clean the glass on the display cases in the butcher shop, help her brother scrub the cutting tables with wire brushes, mop the floors, put down new sawdust on the floors and help check the outgoing orders.
I would have liked the town and the busyness of its people but I always followed Lilly into the peace of the silent and unstaring road.
When we went for our walks Lilly's brother would come along every once in a while.
The turn of the century, or to be more precise, the two decades preceeding and following it, marks a great change in the history of early English scholarship.
Diplomatic is another area for which the dawn of the twentieth century marks the beginning of modern standards of scholarship.
Following him in varying degrees of scepticism were T.W. Shore, H.M. Chadwick, Thomas Hodgkin and F. G. Beck.
Therefore, in one way Kemble and Lappenberg have been vindicated.
H.L. Gray in his English Field Systems and Zachrisson's Romans, Kelts And Saxons defended in part the Seebohm thesis while at the present time H.P.R. Finberg and Gordon Copley seem to fall into the Celtic survivalist camp.
Wade-Evans, in fact, denies that there were any Anglo-Saxon invasions at all other than a minor Jutish foray in A.D. 514.
What they meant was that there was no evidence to show that the south and east coasts of Britain received Germanic settlers conspicuously earlier than some other parts of England.
So whenever the Romans finally withdrew from the island, the Saxon Shore disappeared in the first decade of the fifth century.
It might be well to consider the literary evidence first because it can provide us with an answer to one important question;
Start to prepare the necessary legislation so that if I am obliged to go to Congress the bills will be ready for immediate consideration".
In the judgment of Chief of Staff Scott it was ironic that the draft policy of a Democratic President, aimed at Germany, had to be pushed through the House of Representatives by the ranking minority member of the Military Affairs Committee -- a Republican Jew born in Germany!
He was the first of 2,800,000 called to the Army through the selective service system.
In later years Josephus Daniels was to claim that World War 1, was the first in American history in which there was great concern for both the health and morals of our soldiers.
In spite of this catastrophe the final mortality figure from disease in the American Army during World War 1, was 15 per 1,000 per year, contrasted with 110 per 1,000 per year in the Mexican War, and 65 in the American Civil War.
During the brief Mexican venture Fosdick's report to the Secretary recommended a definite stand by the War Department against the saloon and the excesses of prostitution.
New Orleans had a notorious red-light district extending over twenty-eight city blocks, and the business-minded mayor of the city journeyed to Washington to present the case for "the God-given right of men to be men".
From the point of view of popularity the best-known member of the Commission was Walter Camp, the Yale athlete whose sobriquet was "the father of American football".
It overcomes our emphatic awareness of the vast difference in the shape and fabric of the two languages and styles of dramatic presentation.
The image of man which enters into force with Aeschylus is still vital in Phedre and Athalie.
the Weird Sisters wait for the soul of Macbeth.
Mortality is the pacing of a brief and dangerous watch, and to all sentinels, whether at Elsinore or on the battlements at Mycenae, the coming of dawn has its breath of miracle.
And the fate of such men has tragic relevance because it is public.
Behind the tragic hero stands the chorus, the crowd, or the observant courtier.
Classic mythology and Christianity are such architectures of the imagination.
They are as decisively present in the Oresteia and Oedipus as in Macbeth, King Lear, and Phedre.
From this action sprang the idea of somehow uniting Greek and Shakespearean drama into a new total form, capable of restoring to life the ancient moral and poetic responses.
On the narrower ground of poetic form, he felt that in the drama of the future the Greek conception of tragic fate should be joined to the Shakespearean vision of tragic will.
This translation, or rather the fusion of the two ideals, creates the Gesamtkunstwerke, the "total art form".
He refused his consent to the election of Quiney as bailiff in 1592, but gave it at the request of the recorder, his cousin Sir Fulke Greville.
He had been in London for several weeks when he wrote to Shakespeare on October 25.
Yff yow bargen with Wm. Sha. (so in the MS) or Receave money ther or brynge your money home yow maye see howe knite stockynges be sold ther ys gret byinge of them at Aysshom.
& synce I did write unto him to dessier him to paie 10 for mee which standeth mee greatly uppon to have paide.
another I bought there to bring me home 7 weeks;
Accompanied by "Master Greene our solicitor" (Thomas Greene of the Middle Temple, Shakespeare's "cousin"), Quiney tried to consult Sir Edward Coke, attorney general, and gave money to a clerk and a doorkeeper "that we might have access to their master for his counsel butt colde nott have him att Leasure by the reason of thees trobles" (the Essex rising on February 8).
His servant Robin Whitney threatened Quiney, who had Whitney bound to "the good abaringe" to keep the peace.
Here was another indispensable tool.
His credulity is perhaps best illustrated in his introduction to The Emancipation Of Massachusetts, which purports to examine the trials of Moses and to draw a parallel between the leader of the Israelite exodus from Egypt and the leadership of the Puritan clergy in colonial New England.
Moreover, he rejects the contemporary accounts of Englishmen, casually adjudging them to be distorted by prejudice because "the opinions of Englishmen are of no great value".
It was this basic trait that separated Adams from the ranks of professional historians and led him to commit time and time again what was his most serious offense against the historical method -- namely, the tendency to assume the truth of an hypothesis before submitting it to the test of facts.
All critics of Adams and his methods have observed this particular deficiency.
In the final analysis his contribution to American historiography was founded on almost intuitive insights into religion, economics, and Darwinism, the three factors which conditioned his search for a law of history.
Furthermore, he must regard religion as the expression of human forces.
This intervention could only be controlled by priests, and thus the invasions caused a rapid rise in the influence of the sacred class.
The relic worship and monasticism of the Middle Ages were more advanced forms than were primitive fetish worship and nature myths.
He had not yet undertaken the great exploit of his later years, the rediscovery of the ancient Inca highway, the route of Pizarro in Peru, but he had climbed to the original El Dorado, the Andean lake of Guatemala, and he had scaled the southern Sierra Nevada with its Tibetan-like people and looked into the emerald mines of Muzo.
Never hearing from him again, I remembered the little boy of whom I had had such doubts when he was ten years old.
He had written to me about a dinner he had had with the Benedictine monks at St. Anselm's Priory in Washington.
There were several men of ninety or more whom I knew first or last, all of whom were still productive and most of whom knew one another as if they had naturally come together at the apex of their lives.
He replied, "My first choice would be Mark Howe".
Later, rising ninety, he was beset by publishers for the story of his life and miracles, as he put it, but, calling himself the Needy Knife-grinder, he had spent his time writing short articles and long letters and could not get even a small popular book done.
"But however we go, whatever our doom, it will not take the Orwellian shape".
But not for long.
I am really ill at the present moment, and I will go to some sort of a sanitarium to normalize myself".
He did not neglect his wife in Cromwell Hall, but telephoned her and wrote her with assurances of his continuing interest and of his wish to "stand behind" her in their separation and of his hope that there would be no bitterness between them.
Lewis told him what clothes he should bring along, and enjoined him not to buy anything that he did not already own, they would do that in New York.
He was outraged by the book and announced that he had discovered fifty technical errors in its account of church practices.
There, to the Evening Post, she emphatically denied the divorce rumors and explained that she had stayed behind because of the schooling of their son, which henceforth would be strictly American.
Lewis, at the head of the table, would leap up and move around behind the chairs of his guests making remarks that, when not highly offensive, were at least highly inappropriate, and then presently he collapsed and was put to bed.
He suggested that they call on these brothers, who received them pleasantly.
The list was headed by (Henry) Hutton of St. John's who was matriculated from St. John's at Easter, 1625.
The fourteenth name was (Richard) Buckenham, written Buckman, admitted to Christ's College under Scott 2 July 1625.
He evidently earned the place assigned him.
He had also learned to dispute extempore remarkably well, the main evidence for which of course is the presence of his name in the honors list of 1628/29.
Milton himself, uncommunicative as he is about his lesser and nonliterary activities, at least gives us some evidence that he was a great walker, under any and all conditions.
He was then a slightly built young man of pleasing appearance, medium stature, and handsome face.
The entire exercise, Latin and English, is most suggestive of the kind of person Milton had become at Christ's during his undergraduate career;
Lines 23-36 of Lycidas later point to a friendship with Edward King, who entered Christ's College 9 June 1626.
Childhood's End -- apparently indebted to Kurd Lasswitz's Utopian romance, Auf Zwei Planeten (1897), and also to Wells's Histories Of The Future, especially, The World Set Free (1914) and The Shape Of Things To Come (1933) -- describes the bloodless conquest of earth by the Overlords, vastly superior creatures who come to our world in order to prepare the human race for its next stage of development, an eventual merging with the composite mind of the universe.
Because of the means of publication -- science-fiction magazines and cheap paperbacks -- and because dystopian science fiction is still appearing in quantity the full range and extent of this phenomenon can hardly be known, though one fact is evident: the science-fiction imagination has been immensely fertile in its extrapolations.
There is, of course, nothing new about dystopias, for they belong to a literary tradition which, including also the closely related satiric utopias, stretches from at least as far back as the eighteenth century and Swift's Gulliver's Travels to the twentieth century and Zamiatin's We, Capek's War With The Newts, Huxley's Brave New World, E. M. Forster's "The Machine Stops", C. S. Lewis's That Hideous Strength, and Orwell's Nineteen Eighty-Four, and which in science fiction is represented before the present deluge as early as Wells's trilogy, The Time Machine, "A Story Of The Days To Come", and When The Sleeper Wakes, and as recently as Jack Williamson's "With Folded Hands" (1947), the classic story of men replaced by their own robots.
Like ours, the economy of the space merchants must constantly expand in order to survive, and, like ours, it is based on the principle of "ever increasing everybody's work and profits in the circle of consumption".
Thus we will have a society consisting of the planners or conditioners, and the controlled.
-- since, as Courtenay says, "Nobody should play with lives the way we do unless he's motivated by the highest ideals".
A mind expressing itself in words may reveal itself a little less obviously as old or young.
We cannot truthfully say of anyone who has succeeded in entering deep into his sixties that he was never old.
Many readers of this department no doubt discount certain of my opinions for the simple reason that they can guess pretty accurately, even if they have never actually been told, what my age is.
That fact is very clearly illustrated in the case of the many present-day intellectuals who were Communists or near-Communists in their youth and are now so extremely conservative (or reactionary, as many would say) that they can define no important political conviction that does not seem so far from even a centrist position as to make the distinction between Mr. Nixon and Mr. Khrushchev for them hardly worth noting.
Many of my friends at the time thought that I had received a well-deserved condemnation when Lincoln Steffens denounced me in a review of one of my books as a perfect example of the obsolete man who could understand and sympathize only with the dead past.
I never have been, and am not now, any kind of utopian.
Not only his parishioners, but the whole town and, ultimately, the whole county were enormously impressed by this object lesson.
The promise that the lion and the lamb will lie down together was given in the future tense.
Seems to me to create a dilemma not to be satisfactorily disposed of by a simple negative answer.
Malraux pretends, perhaps with a trifle too self-conscious a modesty, that his fragmentary work will accordingly "appeal only to the curiosity of bibliophiles" and "to connoisseurs of what might have been".
"Man engages only a small part of himself in an action" says old Alvear the art-historian;
This central episode consists of a series of staccato scenes set in the period from the beginning of the present century up to the first World War.
and we must attend to it more closely than has usually been done.
But now he knows "that an intellectual is not only a man to whom books are necessary, he is any man whose reasoning, however elementary it may be, affects and directs his life".
but he quickly involves himself in the Young Turk revolutionary movement to such an extent that his own country begins to doubt his patriotism.
and Vincent Berger learns that political ambition is more apt to hide than to reveal the truth about men.
"This", he said, "is exactly what has been happening between the politically free nations in the postwar world.
The movement toward European unity has been expressed in two currents: federalism and functionalism, one looking to the constitution of a United States of Europe, the other building on wartime precedents of practical cooperation for the solution of specific problems.
New organs of unification proliferated in the decade following the conclusion of the NATO alliance.
Besides its historical significance as a break with the centuries-old tradition of British insularity, Britain's move, if successful, will constitute an historic landmark of the first importance in the movement toward the unification of Europe and the Western world.
The unofficial Conference of Parliamentarians is available as a potential legislative authority.
That time is now past and the Atlantic nations, if they are to survive, must develop a full-fledged community, and they must also look beyond the frontiers of "Western civilization" toward a world-wide "concert of free nations".
In a recent book called "World Peace Through World Law", two distinguished lawyers, Grenville Clark and Louis Sohn, call for just such an overhaul of the U.N., basing their case on the world-wide fear of a nuclear holocaust.
Generally, however, there is an abundance of available machinery of coordination -- in NATO, in O.E.C.D., in the U.N. and elsewhere.
"It might well start a craze like swallowing goldfish or pee-wee golf", wrote Kenneth Rexroth in an explanatory note in the Evergreen Review, and he may have been right.
Although Patchen has given previous evidence of an interest in jazz, the musical group that he works with, the Chamber Jazz Sextet, is often ignored by jazz critics.
Running counter to the destroying forces in the world are all the virtues that are innate in man, the capacity for love and brotherhood, the ability to appreciate beauty.
Much of his earlier work was conceived in terms of a "pseudo-anthropological" myth reference, which is concerned with imaginary places and beings described in grandiloquent and travelogue-like language.
The private detective is militant against injustice, a humorous and ironic explorer of the underworld;
The revolution in jazz that took place around 1949, the evolution from the "bebop" school of Dizzy Gillespie to the "cool" sound of Miles Davis and Lennie Tristano, Lee Konitz, and the whole legend of Charlie Parker, had made an impression on many academic and literary men.
It is difficult to draw the line between stereotype and the reality of the jazz musician.
In order to write with authority either about musicians, or as a musician, Patchen would have to soft pedal his characteristically outspoken anger, and change (at least for the purposes of this poetry) from a revolutionary to a victim.
Angry that my father was being burnt alive in the mills;
Oh, can't hold the han'of my love!
He is New York-born and Jewish.
They did not "duck the war" but they fought in it, however reluctantly;
he displays what outlanders call the New York mind, a state that the subject is necessarily unable to perceive in himself.
Krim says, in short, that he is a suffering Jew.
Krim's main attack is upon the aesthetic and the publishing apparatus of American literary culture in our day.
Both magazines were "rigid with reactionary what-will-T. S. Eliot-or-Martin Buber-think?
What Krim ignores, in his contempt for history and for accuracy, is that these magazines, Partisan foremost, brought about a genuine revolution in the American mind from the mid-thirties to approximately 1950.
This Partisan above all did;
) when Krim says mine was as severe a critical-intellectual, environment as can be imagined, he is off his rocker.
the", rest will turn beat, or into dentists, or into beat, dentists.
The Italians felt it.
On his desk was a slowly accumulating treatment and script of The Count Of Monte Cristo.
Berto seemed worried, too.
The English lady said she had to go to Vienna for a while.
"Oh, it would be butchery all right", the European said.
They made it, killed every last one of the Krauts, took the village on schedule.
Like everything else in Rome, ruins and monuments alike, that house is lived in.
As it happens the English lady is a good Catholic herself, but of more liberal political persuasion.
His bust shows an intense, mustached, fine-featured face.
It is remembered and has been commemorated by a bust in a park and a square in the city which was renamed Piazzo Lauro Di Bosis after the war.
She escaped, crawled through the usual mine fields, under barbed wire, was shot at, swam a river, and we finally picked her up in Linz.
I thought: What the hell?
So much for all that.
For further information contact Director, Office of Business Economics, U.S. Department of Commerce, Washington 25, D.C.
SBA offers Administrative Management Courses, which are designed to improve the management efficiency and "know-how" of small business concerns within a community.
product and market developments;
Property sales assistance
It is kept in each Regional office for the small firms within the region.
Denver, Colo.;
Branch Offices are located in other large cities.
Loan policies
A small business is defined as one which is independently owned and operated and which is not dominant in its field.
the term of loans for working capital is 6 years.
Los Angeles, Calif.;
SBA Business Loans;
Types of loans
Minerals exploration
A 5-percent royalty is paid on any production during the period the contract is in effect;
.
and administrative practices which will make possible the more effective review and implementation of programs once established.
D.
Aid advice is not interference
fiscal and monetary policies designed to prevent serious inflation;
Yet an economy cannot get the most out of its resources if dishonesty, corruption, and favoritism are widespread.
But there will be still other countries where, despite the inadequacy of the level of self-help, we shall deem it wise, for political or military reasons, to give substantial economic assistance.
Most of our aid will go to those nearing self-sufficiency
Aid is a long-term process
Moreover, on complex projects, design work must be completed and orders for machinery and equipment placed months or even years before construction can commence.
They must be persuaded to adopt the other necessary self-help measures which are described in the preceding section.
Perhaps the most important incentive for them will be clear evidence that where other countries have done this kind of home work we have responded with long-term commitments.
The speaker pro tempore.
In this my first year as a Member of this body I have experienced many memorable moments.
one who is thoroughly human, who affects no dignity, and who is endowed with real ability, genuine worth, and sterling honesty -- all dedicated to secure the best interests of the country he has loved and served so long.
It happens that I am a legislator from Ohio and that I feel deeply about the needs, the aspirations, the interests of my district and my State.
Through the most rancorous battles of political controversy and the most bitterly fought national and presidential campaigns his character shines as an example of dignity and honesty, forthrightness and nobility.
All but two of my nine terms in the House of Representatives has been served under the Speakership of Sam Rayburn.
But to run the gauntlet of the programs Sam Rayburn brought into being through his legislative efforts would fill the pages of today's Record.
No one could be more devoted than he to the American Congress as an institution and more aware of its historical significance in the political history of the world, and I shall never forget his moving talks, delivered in simple yet eloquent words, upon the meaning of our jobs as Representatives in the operation of representative government and their importance in the context of today's assault upon popular government.
Cars were operated in 1959 for an average $.027 per mile.
The purchase of compact (economy) cars is being made currently on a test basis.
The state has recently undertaken liability insurance for drivers of state cars.
Mileage allowances for state employees are of two types: (A) actual mileage and (B) fixed monthly allowances.
They have a great advantage in ease of audit time and payment.
Few records are available concerning the subject prior to 1940.
This rate of increase does not signify anything in itself.
It embraced determining when to purchase and when to trade vehicles, who was to drive, when and where repairs were to be made, where gasoline and automobile services were to be obtained and other allied matters.
The agencies of government are now billed for the actual cost of services provided to each passenger car rather than the prior uniform charge for all cars.
The motor pool is a completely centralized and mechanized operation.
One matter of concern to the complete effectiveness of pool operations is the lack of adequate central garage facilities.
In that ownership of all vehicles rests with the state motor pool, cars are paid for with funds appropriated to the agencies but transferred to the rotary fund mentioned earlier.
This tax was discontinued in 1936.
Among the many problems in the taxing of personal property, and of movable tangible property in particular, two are significant: (1) situs, (2) fair and equitable assessment of value.
Both boats and aircraft would fall within this category, as well as motor vehicles.
This accounts for the wide variance in assessment practices of movable tangible property in the various municipalities in Rhode Island.
The replies from each individual town are not given in detail because the questions asked the personal opinion of the several assessors and are not necessarily the established policy of the town in each case.
So few answered the question relating to their efforts to assess movable property that the results are inconclusive.
Ten others made no reply.
Through their professional organization, the Rhode Island Tax Officials Association the question of taxing boats long has been debated and discussed.
Local industry's investment in Rhode Island was the big story in 1960's industrial development effort.
Aids to small business
The Office of Foreign and Domestic Commerce is also active in the field of international trade, assisting Rhode Island firms in developing and enlarging markets abroad.
In addition to the regular schedule, advertisements were run for maximum impact in special editions of the New York Times, Boston Herald, American Banker, Electronic News and, for local promotion, the Providence Sunday Journal.
An important operation in soliciting industrial locations involves what we term "Missionary calls" by one of this Division's industrial promotion specialists.
On October 8th of last year, the Industrial Division sponsored the Governor's Conference on Industrial Development at the former Henry Barnard School.
1184 copies of the R. I. Directory Of Manufacturers were distributed: 643 in-state and 541 out-of-state.
First priority will be given to the preparation of a meaningful state guide plan to serve as a background for all other planning activities in the state.
and on a regional basis between the six New England states.
The planning division has embarked on the most complete and comprehensive state planning program in the nation.
This phase consists of four items: urban land use, rural land use, physical features and public utility service areas.
There are forty-seven special district governments in Rhode Island (excluding two regional school districts, four housing authorities, and the Kent County Water Authority).
The other four states end on varying dates: Alabama (Sept. 30), New York (March 31), Pennsylvania (May 31), and Texas (August 31).
6.
He listed among the values of fiscal uniformity: 1.
This greatly simplifies the town's bookkeeping and financial reporting.
Borrowing in anticipation of current taxes and other revenues is a routine procedure of the majority of municipalities at all times.
but with the growth of state and federal fiscal aid, the emphasis on equalization, and the state-local sharing of responsibility for certain important functions, this is no longer true.
But cooperation and understanding between local officials and the citizenry help lessen this problem.
First, the present situation is too varied to be systematized by any single formula.
The adjustments needed to establish a uniform and coordinated fiscal tax collection year calendar throughout Rhode Island, based on a July 1 to June 30 year, are shown below.
These cities and towns include Bristol, Glocester, Pawtucket, Cumberland, Central Falls, and Woonsocket.
and August 15, November 15, February 17, and May 15, (Cranston).
it is only a matter of adjusting accounting methods, careful fiscal planning and management, or some like combination of techniques.
Rhode Island Heritage Week proclamation by John A. Notte, Jr., governor
The year 1961 marks the fourteenth anniversary of the unification of our Armed Forces under the National Security Act of 1947.
Governor
Governor
In testimony whereof, I have hereunto set my hand and caused the seal of the State to be affixed this 11th day of June, in the year of Our Lord, one thousand nine hundred and sixty-one, and of Independence, the one hundred and eighty-sixth.
Governor
and now, therefore, do I, John A. Notte, Jr., Governor of the State of Rhode Island and Providence Plantations, proclaim the week of Monday, November 13, 1961, as the State Ballet of Rhode Island Week, requesting all Rhode Islanders to give special attention to this unusual event which should contribute to the cultural life of the State.
We who are living today may learn a valuable lesson from those who celebrated the first Thanksgiving Day.
Governor
recommend to the Congress from time to time authorization for construction and operation, or for participation in the construction and operation, of a demonstration plant for any process which he determines, on the basis of subsections (A) and (B) above, has great promise of accomplishing the purposes of this Act, such recommendation to be accompanied by a report on the size, location, and cost of the proposed plant and the engineering and economic details with respect thereto;
(C)
(H)
Research and development activities undertaken by the Secretary shall be coordinated or conducted jointly with the Department of Defense to the end that developments under this Act which are primarily of a civil nature will contribute to the defense of the Nation and that developments which are primarily of a military nature will, to the greatest practicable extent compatible with military and security requirements, be available to advance the purposes of this Act and to strengthen the civil economy of the Nation.
Nothing in the Act shall be construed to alter existing law with respect to the ownership and control of water.
Section 4 of the joint resolution of September 2, 1958 (72 Stat. 1707;
(3)
Sec. 2.
Approved September 26, 1961.
(D)
During fiscal year 1959, six courses were conducted: Forensic Pathology, Application of Histochemistry to Pathology, Pathology of Diseases of Laboratory Animals, Ophthalmic Pathology, Pathology of the Oral Regions, and a Cardiovasculatory Pathology Seminar.
investigation of respiratory diseases of laboratory animals;
the investigation of the relationship of diphosphopyridine nucleotide synthesizine enzyme to tumor growth;
Of these exhibits, 154 were newly constructed.
The Emergency Medical Treatment Unit, Phase 1;
Six fascicles (10,000 copies each) of the "Atlas Of Tumor Pathology" were completed during the period of this report.
Forty-five new Clinico-pathologic Conferences were prepared, bringing the total to 61 available for loan distribution.
Eighty-five specimens were loaned for study purposes.
Throughout the period and during the movement operation, the Museum continued its functional support of the Armed Forces Institute of Pathology.
The Council on National Defense of the American Medical Association contributed a brief article to each issue entitled, "This Is Your A.M.A.".
The Armed Forces Epidemiological Board agreed to submit each month a report for one of its 12 commissions, so that each commission will report once a year on some phase of its work calculated to be of particular interest and value to medical officers of the Armed Forces.
The element is inserted in the discharge circuit in place of the exploding wire, and the calorimetric heating of the element is measured with high accuracy.
Laboratory measurements of interstellar radio spectra.
Since conventional methods are insensitive at the low frequencies of these molecular transitions, the paramagnetic resonance method is being used instead.
The efforts and accomplishments fall into three main categories: absolute thermometry based upon the velocity of sound in helium gas, secondary thermometry involving principally studies of the behavior of germanium resistors, and helium-4 vapor-pressure measurements (see p. 144).
The estimated standard deviations of the data for two of the resistors were 1 millidegree;
In this case also the design of the thermometer can be modified to reduce the helium film flow.
This project was carried out under sponsorship of the Ballistic Missile Division of the Air Research and Development Command, U.S. Air Force, and had as its goal the investigation of the transport by diffusion of the heat energy of chemical binding.
During the last week of march 1961, Columbus, Ohio was the site of the Fourth Symposium on Temperature, Its Measurement And Control In Science And Industry.
Transition probabilities.
Atomic energy levels.
The Commission is authorized and directed to mail to each claimant in proceedings before the Commission notice of the provisions of this subsection.
(I)
Sec. 7.
(2)
(E)
(B)
(3)
Sec. 9.
Nowhere has this decline been more painfully evident than in the New York City area.
This is a $14 million operation involving 3,500 employees who work on commuter traffic exclusively.
In the light of the facts at hand, however, New York Central intends to pursue the objective of helping to create a healthy two-system eastern railroad structure in the public interest".
Arthur Hays Sulzberger has been a distinguished publisher of this distinguished newspaper and it is fitting that we take due notice of his major contribution to American journalism on the occasion of his retirement.
Mr. Speaker, in my latest newsletter to my constituents I urged the imposition of a naval blockade of Cuba as the only effective method of preventing continued Soviet armaments from coming into the Western Hemisphere in violation of the Monroe Doctrine.
For years the United States had been trying to get these countries to exclude Castro's representative from secret military talks.
"
Weaken Castro.
The Navy, on April 25, announced it is bringing back the carrier Shangri-La from the Mediterranean, increasing to four the number of attack carriers in the vicinity of Cuba.
Blockade runners can be stopped -- by gunfire, if necessary -- searched and held, at least temporarily.
From its inception in 1920 with the passage of Public Law 236, 66th Congress, the purpose of the vocational rehabilitation program has been to assist the States, by means of grants-in-aid, to return disabled men and women to productive, gainful employment.
Under P. L. 113, 78th Congress, the Federal Government assumed responsibility for 100% of necessary State expenditures in connection with administration and the counseling and placement of the disabled, and for 50% of the necessary costs of providing clients with rehabilitation case services.
In order to assist the States in maintaining basic vocational rehabilitation services, Section 2 of the amended Act provides that allotments to States for support of such services be based on (1) need, as measured by a State's population, and (2) fiscal capacity, as measured by its per capita income.
For each State (except Puerto Rico, Guam, the Virgin Islands, and, prior to 1962, Alaska and Hawaii) determine average per capita income based on the last three years.
) 5.
7.
Determine the ratio that the amount being allotted is to the sum of the products for all the States.
Regardless of its unadjusted allotment, each State is guaranteed by law a minimum allotment each year equal to the allotment which it received in fiscal year 1954 -- increased by a uniform percentage of 5.4865771 which brings total 1954 allotments to all States up to $23,000,000.
Prior to 1960, in order to provide matching for the minimum (base) allotment, State funds had to equal 1954 State funds.
The term "State" means the several States, the District of Columbia, the Virgin Islands, Guam and Puerto Rico;
(Divide 40 by the amount used in item 2 above.
except that no State shall have a Federal share less than 50% nor more than 70%.
Concrete blocks are passed between the beams and put on the boards.
Solid blocks are recommended because hollow blocks would have to be filled with concrete to give effective protection.
Plans are on pages 22 and 23.
The shelter would provide almost absolute fallout protection.
The National Lumber Manufacturers Association, Washington, D. C., is developing plans to utilize specially treated lumber for underground shelter construction.
The shelter illustrated in figure 12 is based on such a room built in a new home in the Washington, D.C. area in the Spring of 1959.
Radiation scatters somewhat like light.
As soon as the shelter is completed a radio reception check must be made.
Other basement windows should be blocked when an emergency threatens.
Therefore, civil defense instructions received over CONELRAD or by other means should be followed.
You should be prepared to stay in your shelter full time for at least several days and to make it your home for 14 days or longer.
Family rationing probably will be necessary.
A 10-gallon garbage can, with a tightly fitting cover, could be used to keep the wastes until it is safe to leave the shelter.
4.
Shelter in apartment buildings
Within a few years various Du Pont manufactured items were filling the entire requirements of from four to seven of General Motors'eight operating divisions.
This claim, as submitted to the District Court and dismissed by it, 126 F.Supp.235, alleged violation not only of 7 of the Clayton Act, but also of 1 and 2 of the Sherman Act.
" 353 U. S., at 589.
" 353 U. S., at 607.
The first pretrial conference -- held to appoint amici curiae to represent the interest of the stockholders of Du Pont and General Motors and to consider the procedure to be followed in the subsequent hearings -- took place on September 25, 1957.
The plan called for divestiture by Du Pont of its 63,000,000 shares of General Motors stock by equal annual distributions to its stockholders, as a dividend, over a period of ten years.
The measure, for federal income tax purposes, of the dividend to individual stockholders would be the fair market value of the shares at the time of each annual distribution.
that there would be a similar decline in the market values of other automotive and chemical stocks, with similar losses to the stockholders of those companies;
One need not waver in his belief in virile law enforcement to insist that there are other things in American life which are also of great importance, and to which even law enforcement must accommodate itself.
and his conviction is sustained.
Pp. 64-66.
The Court of Appeals affirmed.
He again stated that he was "a regular minister";
On March 21, 1957, however, the Department recommended approval of the 1-a classification.
He admitted that he knew it was open to him at all times, and he could have rebutted it before the hearing officer.
As was said in Gonzales, "it is the Appeal Board which renders the selective service determination considered'final'in the courts, not to be overturned unless there is no basis in fact.
But there is nothing in the Act requiring the hearing officer's report to be likewise turned over to the registrant.
In addition, petitioner has failed to show any particular need for the report and notes.
346 U.S., at 5-6.
It is also the concern of the Department of State that our trading relationships with the rest of the world are vigorous, profitable, and active -- this is not just a passing interest or a matter of concern only to the Department of Commerce.
There will of course be times for delay and inaction.
the attitudes of a U.N. delegate who experiences difficulty in finding adequate housing in New York City, or of a foreign diplomat in similar circumstances in our Capital, can easily be directed against the United States and all that it stands for.
It occurred to me that you might be interested in some thoughts which I expressed privately in recent years, in the hope of clearing up a certain confusion in the public mind about what foreign policy is all about and what it means, and of developing a certain compassion for those who are carrying such responsibilities inside Government.
He is appreciative of the expert help available to him and draws these resources into play, taking care to examine at least some of the raw material which underlies their frequently policy-oriented conclusions.
He must think of others who have a stake in the question and in its answer.
Is the matter one for the United Nations or some other international body?
Mr. Truman emphasized this point by saying, "You fellows in the Department of State don't know much about domestic politics".
There should be no draft exemption because of Peace Corps service.
For example, it probably will be necessary for the Corps to have authority to pay medical expenses of volunteers.
When the aid operations are reorganized the Peace Corps should remain a semi-autonomous, functional unit.
It can then grow steadily as it proves itself and as the need for it is demonstrated.
A certain skepticism about the coming of Americans is to be expected in many quarters.
If presented in this spirit, the response and the results will be immeasurably better.
The extent to which participating bodies such as U. S. voluntary agencies, universities, international organizations, and the host country or institutions in the host country can and should share the cost of the Peace Corps programs must be fully explored.
With colleges and universities carrying a large part of the program, and with students looking toward Peace Corps service, there will be an impact on educational curriculum and student seriousness.
This temporary Peace Corps is being established under existing authority in the Mutual Security Act and will be located in the Department of State.
Wildlife habitat resources
Improve food and cover on 1.5 million acres of key wildlife areas.
About 45 percent of the loss in growth was attributable to disease, 20 percent to insects, 17 percent to fire, and 18 percent to weather, animals, and various other causes.
(B) more reliable evaluation of the potential of initial outbreaks to cause widespread damage;
Protection from fire
3.
This system is divided into a forest highway system, administered by the Secretary of Commerce, and a forest development road and trail system, administered by the Secretary of Agriculture.
The ultimate trail system will be of value primarily for recreation and wildlife utilization and fire protection.
(E)
Program proposals for forest development roads and trails for the 10-year period 1963-1972 are as follows: 1.
Within exterior boundaries of National Forests and National Grasslands, there are about 40,000,000 acres in non-Federal ownership.
Forces and military personnel strength.
Last year the Congress discontinued its previously imposed minimum personnel strength limitations on the Army Reserve.
Traditionally, rates of pay for retired military personnel have been proportionate to current rates of pay for active personnel.
In total, these increases in operating costs outweigh the savings that result from declining programs and from economy measures, such as reduced numbers of units and installations, smaller inventories of major equipment, and improvements in the supply and distribution systems of the Armed Forces.
In 1961, these expenditures are estimated at $18.9 billion, compared to $19.3 billion in 1960.
The last few years have witnessed what have been perhaps the most rapid advances in military technology in history.
The size and scope of other important programs have been reduced from earlier plans.
The first capability is represented by a combination of manned bombers, carrier-based aircraft, and intercontinental and intermediate range missiles.
It is expected that in 1963 two prototype aircraft will be available for flight testing.
Under this Agreement the first annual review of rice availabilities will be made in August 1960.
For grant to the Government of India under subsection (E) of Section 104 of the Act, the rupee equivalent of not more than $538 million for financing such projects to promote balanced economic development as may from time to time be mutually agreed.
1.
Article 6, entry into force
The Government of India will provide facilities for the conversions of the rupee equivalent of $4 million (up to a maximum of $1 million per year) accruing under the subject agreement for agricultural market development purposes into currencies other than United States dollars on request of the Government of the United States of America.
The Secretary, Department of Economic Affairs, or his designate, will act for the Government of India, and the President of the Export-Import Bank of Washington, or his designate, will act for the Export-Import Bank of Washington.
2.
3.
This broad delegation leaves within our discretion (subject to the always-present criterion of the public interest) both the determination of what degree of interference shall be considered excessive, and the methods by which such excessive interference shall be avoided.
4.
During the period of about 4 hours around sunset, skywave transmission conditions are building up until full nighttime conditions prevail;
For this reason, the more uncertain skywave service was denominated "secondary" in our rules, as compared to the steadier, more reliable groundwave "primary service", and, for both skywave service and skywave interference, signal strength is expressed in terms of percentage of time a particular signal-intensity level is exceeded -- 50 percent of the time for skywave service, 10 percent of the time for skywave interference.
To provide service of local origin to as many listeners as possible.
But nighttime operation by stations of other classes of course entails skywave interference to groundwave service, interference which is substantial unless steps are taken to minimize it.
Additional class 2, assignments for daytime operation can be made without causing destructive interference to the class 1, stations or to each other, and by their operation provide additional service on these channels and additional local outlets for a large number of communities.
If you elect to use the Standard Deduction or the Tax Table, and later find you should have itemized your deductions, you may do so by filing an amended return within the time prescribed for filing a claim for refund.
If you mail A return or tax payment, you must place it in the mails in ample time to reach the district director on or before the due date.
Nonresident aliens in Puerto Rico.
Under unusual circumstances a resident individual may be granted an extension of time to file a return.
An extension of 2 months beyond the regular due date for filing is also available to taxpayers making returns for a fiscal year.
If payment is by cash, you should ask for a receipt.
If you file Form 1040A and the District Director computes your tax, any refund to which you are entitled will be mailed to you.
It is the amount you enter on line 9, page 1 of Form 1040.
)
Sick pay, if included in your Gross Income, is deducted in arriving at Adjusted Gross Income.
(See Chapter 24.
His income is not required to be included in the return of his parent.
He may get a tax refund.
For the making of selections on the basis of excellence requires that any foundation making the selections shall have available the judgments of a corps of advisors whose judgments are known to be good: such judgments can be known to be good only by the records of those selected, by records made subsequent to their selection over considerable periods of time.
To the members of our Advisory Board, and most specially to its members who constitute our committees of selection, the Foundation is indebted for its successes of choice of Fellows.
Dr. James Brown Fisk, physicist, President of the Bell Telephone Laboratories, was elected to the Board of Trustees.
and lawyers -- with the great virtues that they are trained to read "the fine print" carefully and are able out of professional experience to arrive at imaginative solutions to difficult problems in many fields -- are indispensable even in a foundation office.
Christ preaching the Sermon on the Mount, close to his ultimate sacrifice;
and his genius moved his readers to seek solutions of those evils for all Western men -- until today --, in the industrialized West, these social evils substantially do not exist.
and even putting it that way would not prove that Marx was anything but wrong.
During the year 1959, we granted 354 Fellowships;
Joseph R. Brown grew up in the bustle and enterprise of New England between 1810 and 1830.
But his business also grew, and we are told that Mr. Brown found it increasingly difficult to devote as much time to his creative thinking as his inclinations led him to desire.
As one development followed another, the company's reputation for precision in the graduating field brought it broader and broader opportunities for expansion in precision manufacture.
At that time, during the Civil War, Union muskets were being manufactured in Providence and the drills to drill them were being hand-filed with rattail files.
Although Mr. Brown was not himself its inventor (it was a French idea), it is typical that his intuition first conceived the importance of mass producing this basic tool for general use.
Between that year and the buying out of Mr. Darling's interest in 1892, a large portion of the company's precision tool business was carried out under the name of Darling, Brown & Sharpe, and to this day many old precision tools are in use still bearing that famous trademark.
It expanded from hand screw machines to automatic screw machines, from simple formed-tooth gear cutting machines to gear hobbing machines and a large contract gear manufacturing business, from rudimentary belt-driven universal milling machines to a broad line of elaborately controlled knee-type and manufacturing type milling machines.
Sales and other operating income increased 25.1% from $24,926,615 in 1959 to $31,179,816 in 1960.
Our research and development program, serving as it does an industry which must compete against low-cost production throughout the world, continues to have primary emphasis at Leesona.
During the past year, great progress has been made by the weaving mills in creating new stretch and textured fabrics.
Major activity at Providence in 1961 will involve the scheduled completion of tooling for production of the Uniconer automatic coning machine.
Take-up machines
Our Patterson Moos Research Division has made further very encouraging progress in development of fuel cells.
We are initiating research on the use of solid state materials for infrared detection using a method which will not require cooling of materials to attain high sensitivity.
However, its modern one-story layout is designed to increase our production capacity, permit more efficient manufacturing, and substantially reduce current repair and maintenance costs.
The new Warwick plant is being built at our expense and under our direction.
Employee contracts
Increased efficiency
the college was one of the first to recognize the importance of music not only as a definite part of the curriculum but as a vital adjunct to campus life.
from the founding of the College those responsible for its management have planned to provide its students favorable conditions for personal religious development and to offer opportunities through the curriculum and otherwise for understanding the meaning and importance of religion.
Attendance is required at the College Service of Worship or at the Sunday Evening Program or at any regularly organized service of public worship.
The Northfield churches include the following: Alliance, Congregational-Baptist, Episcopal, Lutheran (Norwegian, Danish, Missouri Synod, and Bethel), Methodist, Moravian, Pentecostal, and Roman Catholic.
The workshop is open five afternoons and two evenings each week.
The policies which govern the program 2.
The "C" club is composed of the men of the College who have won an official letter in Carleton athletics.
The Association is governed by a board made up of representatives from each of the four classes.
Throughout the year there are social events, such as picnics, breakfast hikes, canoe trips, banquets, and indoor parties.
At intervals an alumni directory is issued.
The paper affords excellent practice for students interested in the field of journalism.
Over a hundred students participate in the planning and production of the daily program schedule.
In the electronics industry, this tendency is well illustrated by inventories of TV sets.
In contrast to the lower turnout of TV, total radio production increased from 15.4 million sets to 16.7 million (excluding export).
1960 witnessed another substantial increase in our industry's shipments of military electronics, which totalled about $5.4 billion compared to $4.9 billion in 1959.
Although the impact of these increases on our industry's shipments will be gradual, on balance I look for another good increase in shipments in the coming year, to at least $6 billion.
This is now a $1.0 billion business, up from $0.9 billion in 1959, and should reach $1.1 billion in 1961.
and on continued growth in the applications of electronics to the complex problems of manufacturing and trade in the expanding but competitive economy of the 1960's.
Mr. Brown, well-known, English-born inventor, prior to founding VecTrol was at various times section leader in radio research at Metropolitan Vickers Electrical Co., Ltd.;
Since these duties fit neatly with those of the proposed presidential aide, one person, with adequate staff assistance, could fill both jobs.
Although faculties insist on governing themselves, they grant little prestige to a member who actively participates in college or university government.
The need for interchange and understanding makes vital the full use of all methods of consultation.
The administration at the same time, looks to the chairmen for strategic aid in building stronger departments.
At some colleges and universities, a faculty committee reviews and reports to the administration on the qualifications of candidates.
No one can be as effective as the president in inspiring older men to welcome imaginative new teachers whose philosophy or approach to their specialties is quite different.
Trustees, faculty, and administration can consider the consequences of decisions before they are made, instead of afterwards.
others may drag their feet.
its principal features should be a product of his most considered judgment.
The president should find strong subordinates and delegate the widest discretion to them.
It has recently become practical to use the radio emission of the moon and planets as a new source of information about these bodies and their atmospheres.
The low intensity of the radiation from Saturn has limited observations, but again the measured radiation seems to be consistent with a thermal origin.
Since the absorption of radio waves in rocklike material varies with wave length, it should be possible to sample the temperature variation at different depths beneath the surface and possibly detect changes in the structure or composition of the lunar surface material.
There have been few measurements specifically for the determination of the polarization of planetary radiation.
At meter wave lengths an increase of the order of 10-degrees in the average disk temperatures of the nearer planets would be expected.
These observations indicate that the lunar maria heat up more rapidly and also cool off more rapidly than do the mountainous regions.
The ratio of the measured antenna temperature change during a drift scan across the moon to the average brightness temperature of the moon over the antenna beam (assuming that the brightness temperature of the sky is negligible) was found, by graphical integration of the antenna directivity diagram, to be 0.85.
Experiments were made on an electric arc applying a porous graphite anode cooled by a transpiring gas (Argon).
In free-burning electric arcs, for instance, approximately 90% of the total arc power is transferred to the anode giving rise to local heat fluxes in excess of Af as measured by the authors -- the exact value depending on the arc atmosphere.
This phenomenon has been experimentally investigated in detail by Maecker (Ref. 1).
Continuous motion of the arc contact area at the anode by flow or magnetic forces.
However, technical difficulties arise by melting at local hot spots.
Argon was also blown at low velocities (mass flow rate Af) through a tube coaxial with the cathode as an additional precaution against contamination of the arc by air.
Three thermocouples were placed at different locations in the aluminum disk surrounding the anode holder to determine its temperature.
The arc voltage was measured with a voltmeter whose terminals were connected to the anode and cathode holders.
The lower limit was determined by the fact that for smaller flow rates the arc started to strike to the anode holder instead of to the porous graphite plug and that it became highly unstable.
It was denoted by Af.
The thermocouples in the aluminum disk shown in figure 2 indicated an equilibrium temperature of the surface of Af.
A band viscometer is shown in Figure 2.
This, however, can only be considered approximate, as the diameter of the pulley was increased by the build-up of tape and the tape was occasionally removed from the pulley during the runs.
The two fluids which gave the small negative pressures were polybutenes with molecular weights which were stated to be 520 and 300.
Such an instrument is expected to be especially useful if it could be used to measure the elasticity of heavy pastes such as printing inks, paints, adhesives, molten plastics, and bread dough, for the elasticity is related to those various properties termed "length", "shortness", "spinnability", etc., which are usually judged by subjective methods at present.
This is interesting for it combines both the thermodynamic concept of a minimum Gibbs function for equilibrium and minimum mechanical potential energy for equilibrium.
According to Philippoff, the recoverable shear S is given by Af where **yc is the angle of extinction.
The relative forces can be calculated from the various radii of curvature if we assume: (A) The surface tension is uniform on the surface of the drop.
This viscosity of the material in the drops is, of course, not negligible.
This is known as conformational entropy.
The experimental second moment Af conforms to the relation Af in agreement with theory.
Indeed it is possible to separate electron paramagnetic from nuclear effects.
Douglass has studied the crystal structure of Af by x-ray diffraction.
These data lead to a structure in which sheets of Cr atoms lie between two sheets of O atoms.
Hence it is difficult to conceive of a packing of the atoms in this material in which the oxygen atoms are far from geometrical equivalence.
Douglass prepared his sample of Af by thermal decomposition of aqueous chromic acid at 300 - 325-degrees-C.
Thermogravimetric analysis showed a weight loss of 1.8% centered at 337-degrees-C and another weight loss of 10.8% at 463-degrees-C.
Af was found to be paramagnetic with three unpaired electrons per chromium atom and a molecular susceptibility of Af, where Af.
A bridged-T type of bridge was used in the 10 - 16 Mc/sec range.
Field shifts were derived from the mean value of the resonance line, defined as the field about which the first moment is zero.
Spectra were obtained from a powdered sample having the shape of a right circular cylinder with a height-to-diameter ratio of 4:
These widely advertised products, which are used primarily for washing clothes, are based on high-sudsing, synthetic organic actives (sodium alkylbenzenesulfonates) and contain up to 50% by weight of sodium tripolyphosphate or a mixture of sodium tripolyphosphate and tetrasodium pyrophosphate.
The cleaning process
No matter how they are formulated, a large number of organic actives are simply not suitable for this application, since they do not give adequate soil removal.
As is the case with the surface-active agent, the requirements for builders to be used in detergent compositions for washing textiles are also high.
The purpose of washing is, obviously, to remove soils which are arbitrarily classed in the four major categories given below: 1.
This is a theoretically complicated dipole interaction which causes any extremely small uncharged particle to agglomerate with other small uncharged particles, or to stick to an uncharged surface.
Therefore, detergents are used.
Although the matter has not been unequivocally demonstrated, the available data show that micelles in themselves do not contribute significantly to the detergency process.
The charged particles then repel each other and are also repelled from the charged surface, which almost invariably bears a negative charge under washing conditions.
In the over-all process, it is difficult to assign a "pure" role to each constituent of a built-detergent formulation;
It would appear that it should be possible to determine unique mechanisms for the thermal and photochemical reactions in both the liquid and gas phases and to determine values for activation energies of some of the intermediate reactions of atoms and free radicals, as well as information on the heat of dissociation of the carbon-halogen bond.
-- Matheson highest purity tank chlorine was passed through a tube of resublimed Af into an evacuated Pyrex system where it was condensed with liquid air.
Purified inactive chlorine was then added from one of the tubes described above and the mixture frozen out and sealed off in a flask equipped with a break seal.
Both types of tube withstood the pressure of approximately 20 atmospheres exerted by the carbon tetrachloride at 220-degrees.
After titration of the liberated Af with Af, aliquots of the aqueous and of the organic phase were counted in a solution-type Geiger tube.
No correlation between these variables and the irreproducibility of the results was found.
In all cases there was readily measurable exchange after as little as one hour of illumination.
In series 1, the relative light intensity was varied by varying the distance of the lamp from the reaction cell over the range from 14.7 to 29.2 cm.
At one astronomical unit from the sun (the Earth's distance) the dust orbits are probably nearly circular.
One cannot make a very satisfactory guess about the micrometeorite flux in space.
The cores of deep-sea sediments and content of collectors in remote regions are valuable in this category.
Ninety per cent of the 153 recorded impacts occurred between midnight and noon, and from day to day the variation of the rate was as much as an order of magnitude.
Note that the mass threshold is four times that of 1958 Alpha and that the flux is one fifth as large.
The Russian experimenters claim that only a small fraction of the impulse from the sensors is caused by the incident momentum with the remainder being momentum of ejected material from the sensor.
Zodiacal light and the gegenschein give some evidence for such a dust blanket, a phenomenon also to be expected if the dust before capture is in circular orbits about the sun, as indicated by the trend of the smaller visible meteors.
hence, these figures apply immediately above the Earth's atmosphere.
The approximate equation is Af, where N is the number of Af with electron line-density greater than or equal to Af, and Q is proportional to the mass of the meteorite.
A measure of the total mass accretion of meteoritic material by the Earth is obtained from analyses of deep-sea sediments and dust collected in remote regions (Pettersson, 1960).
The major reason for this is that it has no quick-kill effect.
The intranasal instillation of a fluid suspension of infectious agent in an anesthetized animal is far different from exposure, through natural respiration, to aerosolized organisms.
Neutral or inversion meteorological conditions are necessary for a cloud to travel along the surface.
In the first trial an inert substance was disseminated from a boat travelling some ten miles off shore under appropriately selected meteorological conditions.
A satisfactory cloud was produced even though these nozzles were only about 5 per cent efficient in producing an initial cloud in the size range of 1 to 5 microns.
In this instance, there was a dosage of 562 during the first two hours and a total dosage of 1980 for the four-hour period, a four-fold increase.
Some agents have been shown to be much more toxic or infectious to experimental animals when exposed to aerosols of optimum particle size than by the natural portal.
An aggressor would use an agent against which there was a minimal naturally acquired or artificially induced immunity in a target population.
This may be of overriding importance in considering military objectives.
Let us assume that it would be possible for an enemy to create an aerosol of the causative agent of epidemic typhus (Rickettsia prowazwki) over City A and that a large number of cases of typhus fever resulted therefrom.
If it is possible for an enemy to put an atomic bomb on a city, it should be equally possible to put a cloud of biological agent over that city.
Modifications of the last technique have been applied by several groups of investigators.
The second contained incomplete antibody and showed titers of 1: 256 in albumin and 1: 2048 by the indirect Coombs test.
The mixtures of sample plus cell suspension were allowed to stand at room temperature for 1 Aj.
The anti-human sera used were prepared by injecting whole human serum into rabbits.
The DEAE-cellulose, containing 0.78 mEq of N/g, was prepared in our laboratory by the method of Peterson and Sober (7) from powdered cellulose, 100 - 230 mesh.
Paper electrophoresis.
Ultracentrifugation.
With either of the gradients described, chromatography on DEAE-cellulose separated agglutinins of the ABO series into at least three regions (Figs. 1 and 2): one of extremely low anionic binding capacity, one of low anionic binding capacity and one of high anionic binding capacity.
Several samples of citrated plasma were fractionated in our laboratory by Method 6 of Cohn et al.
In all cases the activity against Af cells was spread over a wider area than that with Af cells, regardless of the type of test (saline, albumin, indirect Coombs) used for comparison.
Even some of the queens will die before the winter is over, falling prey to enemies or disease.
a marvelous arrangement, for it provides exactly what the bee queens need to make their beebread, a combination of honey and pollen with which the young of all species are fed.
Most species seem to prefer a ready-made hollow such as a deserted mouse nest, a bird house, or the hole made by a woodpecker;
Each now makes a tough, papery cocoon and pupates.
At the old nest, the queen will in the early fall cease to lay the fertilized eggs that will produce females.
The hosts never seem to recognize that something is amiss, so that the compartment afterward is sealed normally.
Almost equal in size to a honeybee, A. armata is much more beautiful in color, at least in the female of the species: a rich, velvety, rusty red.
Although Andrena is gregarious, so that we may find hundreds and hundreds of burrows together, we must still call it a solitary bee.
Often the burrows are only an inch or two apart, and the bee cities cover several acres.
Where does one find such conditions?
There seems to be a rough correlation between the initial and ultimate lengths, starting with the smallest (boa constrictor) and ending with the largest (anaconda).
I cannot make sense out of the figures for post maturity growth;
Oliver, in his summary of the habits of the snakes of the United States, could supply data on the maturing period for only three species in addition to the rattlers, which I shall consider separately.
Measurements of skins are of little value;
The third level leans on a belief that a lot of smoke means some fire.
Discussions of the giants one by one will include, as far as possible, data on these aspects of growth: size at which life is started and at which sexual maturity is reached;
Raymond L. Ditmars had two broods that averaged 27 inches.
He concluded that the anaconda's maximum length is 12 or 13 (perhaps 14) meters, which would approximate from 39 to 42 feet (14 meters is slightly less than 46 feet).
This birth length seems to be typical.
The female from Central America which gave birth to four was only 3 feet 11 inches long.
No bronchial artery-pulmonary artery anastomoses were noted in this group.
The bronchial artery in its course and distribution differs somewhat from that found in other mammals.
In distal regions its diameter would be one-fourth to one-fifth that of the pulmonary artery.
The volume and, perhaps, even the characteristics of bronchial arterial blood flow might be different in the dog than in the horse.
The only area in which one might find major disagreement in this matter is in regard to the alveolar distribution of the bronchial arteries.
Theoretically, they are capable of extracting their required oxygen either from the surrounding air (Ghoreyeb and Karsner,'13) or from pulmonary arterial blood (Comroe,'58).
Our own studies in which bronchial artery-pulmonary artery anastomoses were demonstrated, were accomplished by injecting the bronchial artery first with no pressure on the pulmonary artery or vein, and then by injecting the pulmonary artery and vein afterwards.
Certainly, the mere fact of failing to demonstrate them in one or another species does not conclusively deny their existence in that species.
Type 1, is represented by the cow, sheep, and pig;
In type 3 the bronchial artery also provides blood directly to the alveolar capillary bed.
Second, for both sexes, the 21 transverse lines in the Onset Profile vary more in individual spread than those in the Completion Profile.
Thus, a child's Skeletal Age "dots" may be classified as "advanced" when they appear above the middle curve, "moderate" when they appear immediately above or below the middle curve, and "delayed" when they appear below the lower curve.
Onsets, Completions, and Skeletal Ages (Hand) of boy 34 and girl 2 may be directly compared and classified, using only those Skeletal Ages which appear immediately below the Onset Profile and the Completion Profile.
The data for boy 34 appear in Figure 3, and for girl 2 in Figure 4.
For example, arrow 17 in Figure 3 portrays the proximal radial epiphysis for boy 34, whereas the same epiphysis for girl 2 is portrayed by arrow 18 in Figure 4.
The principles used in making each arrow for Figures 3 and 4 were applied to the construction of Figures 5 and 6 as well as all figures in the Appendix.
Accordingly, girls 31, 29, 33, 21, 26, 13, 3, 4, 14, 32, 24, 25, 34, 23, 6, 15, 22, and 16 may be said to have the "same schedule" at Onset and Completion.
The "dot" on his arrow indicates early Onset and the "tip" indicates relatively later Completion.
Serif and Kirkwood, 1958;
The mechanism of this coupling has been studied in some detail with non-enzymatic systems in vitro and can be simulated by certain di-iodotyrosine analogues (Pitt-Rivers and James, 1958).
D.
A microsomal de-iodinase with a pH optimum of around 8, and requiring reduced triphosphopyridine nucleotide for activity, has been identified in the thyroid (Stanbury, 1957).
This ion inhibits thyroid hormone synthesis by interfering with iodide concentration in the thyroid.
Besides those of the thiouracil and resorcinol types, certain antithyroid drugs have been found in naturally occurring foods.
In man the normal level of iodine in the diet and the level necessary to prevent development of goitre is about 100 **ymg per day.
The hormone has also been called thyrotrophin or thyrotrophic hormone.
Albert (1949) has concluded that the most active preparations of TSH made during this period, from 1931 to 1945, were probably about 100 to 300 times as potent as the starting material.
The importance of knowing in what chemical forms the hormone may exist is accentuated by the recent observation that there exists an abnormally long-acting TSH in blood drawn from many thyrotoxic patients (Adams, 1958).
Introduction
In February, 1958, the patient suffered a myocardial infarction complicated by pulmonary edema.
By Nov. 8, 1958, weakness, specifically involving the pelvic and thigh musculature, was pronounced, and a common complaint was "difficulty in stepping up on to curbs".
A Schilling test demonstrated normal absorption of vitamin Af.
Repeated attempts to withdraw steroids entirely were unsuccessful because increased muscle weakness resulted, as well as fever, malaise, anorexia, anxiety, and an exacerbation of the anemia.
There were bilateral pterygia and arcus senilis, and the mouth was edentulous.
In particular, the orifices of the right renal and celiac arteries were virtually occluded, and both calcified common iliac arteries were completely occluded.
The liver weighed 2,090 gm., was brown in color, and the cut surface was mottled by irregular pale areas.
The mucosa of the jejunum and ileum showed similar changes, and in some areas the submucosa was edematous and contained considerable numbers of neutrophils.
These changes were more marked in the atrophic right kidney than in the left.
In the gastrocnemius and biceps there were many swollen and homogeneous necrotic fibers such as that shown in Figure 2.
At times, clumps of 10 to 15 closely-packed nuclei were also observed.
(3) In other experiments the indirect conjugate was treated with 3 volumes of ethyl acetate as recommended by Dineen and Ade (1957).
indirect method.
The sections were then washed with PBS for 15 - 30 minutes and mounted in buffered glycerine.
The intermediate sera were also similarly absorbed with tissue powder.
Rinsing the sections with PBS before layering the intermediate sera did not improve the staining reaction.
This conjugate was passed twice through Dowex-2-chloride and treated with various tissue powders in the same manner as described for the indirect method.
This indicates that increase in specificity of Af after passing it through DEAE-cellulose was not merely due to dilution.
These areas are thought to represent the nuclei.
Schramm and Rottger (1959) did not report any such nonspecific staining of plant tissues with fluorescein isocyanate-labeled antiserum to tobacco mosaic virus.
Moreover, the responsiveness of the hypothalamus to nociceptive stimulation is greatly increased under these conditions.
13.
It is believed that drug therapy and electroshock involve the former and psychotherapy the latter mechanism.
Specific differences exist in the action of different drugs belonging to the same group as, for instance, between reserpine and chlorpromazine.
The Mecholyl and noradrenalin tests applied with certain precautions are reliable indicators of this central autonomic balance, but for the sake of correlating autonomic and clinical states, and of studying the effect of certain therapeutic procedures on central autonomic reactions, additional tests seem to be desirable.
In other studies, loss of differentiation in previously established conditioned reflexes resulted from repeated convulsive (metrazol) treatments, suggesting a fundamental disturbance in the balance between excitatory and inhibitory cerebral processes.
This phenomenon raises the question whether the guidance of the emotions for therapeutic ends may not have an even wider application in the area of the neuroses.
Appropriate experiments showed that this is, indeed, possible.
In our attempt to interpret the emotions in their physiological and pathological range, we emphasized the importance of the degree of activity of the parasympathetic and sympathetic divisions of the hypothalamic system and their influence on the inhibitory and excitatory systems, respectively.
First, T may not have a single characteristic value;
If (remember this is an assumption) the minimal polynomial for T decomposes Af where Af are distinct elements of F, then we shall show that the space V is the direct sum of the null spaces of Af.
(B) each Af is invariant under T;
Note also that if Af, then Af is divisible by the polynomial p, because Af contains each Af as a factor.
This completes the proof of statement (A).
If Af are the projections associated with the primary decomposition of T, then each Af is a polynomial in T, and accordingly if a linear operator U commutes with T then U commutes with each of the Af, i.e., each subspace Af is invariant under U.
Let N be a linear operator on the vector space V.
We shall prove that Af.
It then follows that Af is large enough, but this is not obvious from the above expression.
These operators D and N are unique and each is a polynomial in T.
If Af denotes the space of N times continuously differentiable functions, then the space V of solutions of this differential equation is a subspace of Af.
To describe the space of solutions to Af, one must know something about differential equations;
7-1.
Inheritance in mice.
In Chapters 3 and 4 we answered questions like those in the examples, usually by counting points in a sample space.
Example 1.
Note that there are 3 trials of interest.
1.
Each of the N trials is either a success or a failure.
All trials have identical probabilities of success.
Experimentally, we expect independence when the trials have nothing to do with one another.
An experiment consists of the voting of one couple, or two trials.
A binomial experiment can produce random variables other than the number of successes.
The outcome of the experiment is X successes.
Therefore each binomial trial can be thought of as producing a value of a random variable associated with that trial and taking the values 0 and 1, with probabilities Q and P respectively.
This theorem is similar to the theorem of Kakutani that there exists a circumscribing cube around any closed, bounded convex set in Af.
Suppose Af crosses C when Af.
For the vertex at Af, these values will be denoted by Af.
This terminology will also be applied to the corresponding points in the Aj.
Near Q, both curves can be represented by analytic functions of U.
We turn now to the set of tangent points on the graph.
(B) Af moves away from C and does not intersect it at all for Af;
For it is clear that the total number of ordinary intersections of C and Af must be even (otherwise, starting in the interior of C, Af could not finally return to the interior), and the center of rotation at T is the argument of the function, not a value.
Suppose Af is defined in the sub-interval Af.
We must now show that on some component of the graph there exist two points for which the corresponding diagonal points in the C-plane are on opposite sides of C.
The functions F and B have exactly the same multiplicity at every argument T.
1.
The invariant lines are the lines of the congruence of secants of **zg, since each of these meets Q in two points which are invariant.
Moreover, if Af and Af are two planes intersecting in a line l, tangent to Q at a point P, the two free intersections of the image curves Af and Af must coincide at P', the image of P, and at this point Af and Af must have a common tangent l'.
A line through two of these points, Af and Af, will be transformed into the entire bilinear congruence having the tangents to **zg at Af and Af as directrices.
To do this we must first show that every line which meets **zg in a point P meets its image at P.
Now consider the transformation of the lines of a bundle with vertex, P, on **zg which is effected by the involution as a whole.
Observations similar to these can be made at each point of Aj.
For each of these lines meets Q in three points, namely two points on **zg and one point on one of the multiple secants.
The United States can help by communicating a genuine concern with the problems these countries face and a readiness to provide technical and other appropriate forms of assistance where possible.
The men in power are committed in principle to modernization, but economic and social changes are proceeding only erratically.
and their members often equate a government career with security and status rather than with sacrifice, self-discipline, and competence.
To achieve this goal of balanced development, communications between the central government and the local communities must be such that the needs and aspirations of the people themselves are effectively taken into account.
Actively modernizing societies
They must in their planning be able to count on at least tentative commitments of foreign capital assistance over periods of several years.
This is the stage at which democratic developments must take place if the society is to become an open community of creative people.
The time factor
Some of the major functions of religion
he is better fitted to perform his social life among his fellows.
he is a coordinate part of all of the mysterious energy and being and movement.
The kind of religious experience that most moderns seek not only provides, clarifies, and relates human yearnings, values, ideals, and purposes;
Religion usually also includes a principle of compensation, mainly in a promised perfect future state.
Even in the United States, with its freedom of religious belief and worship and its vast denominational differentiation, there is a general consensus regarding the basic Christian values.
Closely related to this function is the fact that the religious system provides a body of ultimate ends for the society, which are compatible with the supreme eternal ends.
Religion fosters group life in various ways.
The religion, in fact, is an expression of the unity of the group, small or large.
It might be pointed out that the integrating function of religion, for good or ill, has often supported or been identified with other groupings -- political, nationality, language, class, racial, sociability, even economic.
The great ultimate ends of religion have served as magnificent beacon lights that lured people toward them with an almost irresistible force, mobilizing energies and inducing sacrifices;
Thus the lack of effective recognition of the responsibilities involved in caring for two babies showed signs of becoming a disabling problem.
Abreaction of her anxiety and guilt concerning the death of her parents, when linked up with her current feelings of anger and her fears of loss, abandonment, and annihilation, produced further relief of tension.
While some regression is inevitable, it is discouraged rather than encouraged so that the transference does not follow the stages of planned regression associated with certain casework adaptations of the psychoanalytic model for insight therapy.
In steering the family toward ego-adaptive and away from maladaptive responses, the worker uses time-honored focused casework techniques of specific emotional support, clarification, and anticipatory guidance.
This problem is perhaps as old as social casework itself.
Similarities to the approach which I have described are evident in the prompt establishment of a helping relationship, quick appraisal of key issues, and the immediate mobilization of treatment plans as the essential dynamics in helping to further the ego's coping efforts in dealing with the interplay of inner and outer stresses.
Our literature is already replete with a fantastic number of suggestions for preventive agency programming ranging from the immediately practical to the globally utopian.
The supportive relations can apparently be achieved in geographical and social isolation.
The elements and processes become evident in a study of mate selection in this population.
Ranking.
However, because of Church laws, lately more stringently enforced, which forbid the marriage of cousins closely related consanguineously, a means of facilitating the goal of in-group relations may be that of recourse to illegitimate unions.
4.
It is hypothesized that fertility is a function of the social system when the population as a whole is considered and a function of the subsystems when the two-fold division of core families and marginal families is considered.
The values placed by the Brandywine population, upon maintaining a certain homogeneity, a certain separate racial identity, and therefore a certain separate social status, are important for the morale of the system.
Communication
Institutionalization Though undoubtedly all six processes are operative within the whole social system and its subsystems, two processes that are of crucial importance to this study will be singled out for particular emphasis.
In the urban area, in other words, they, unlike some urban ethnic groups, do not concentrate in ghetto colonies.
Confused and divided though this tradition may be, it is an important part of the social and cultural heritage of the group, and acts as a means of socialization, particularly for members of the rural community.
It is also expressed in the proscription against deviants in the matter of endogamy, particularly in rural areas.
General responsibility for its administration rested with a division of the colonial government concerned with labor supply and native affairs, Service des Affaires Indigenes et de la Main-d'Oeuvre (AIMO, Af Direction, Af Direction Generale, Gouvernement Generale).
Similar identification cards were issued in 1959 to all adult females.
The scheme, in theory, is an ingenious adaptation of European registration systems to the conditions of African life.
The same system, with minor modifications, was developed in Ruanda-Urundi under Belgian administration.
These studies vary widely in scope and precision.
The 1952 demographic inquiry in Ruanda-Urundi was directed by V. Neesen, a member of the IRSAC staff, though the inquiry was carried out under the auspices of AIMO, which has continuing responsibility for demographic statistics in this territory.
(2) nature of the sample.
Uniform questions, definitions, and procedures were enforced throughout the whole country.
It also provides a frame within which the registration of vital events is gradually gaining force (though one cannot expect to obtain reliable vital statistics in most parts of the Congo from this source in the near future).
Reports already issued on the sampling census, 1955 - 57, in various areas run as follows (using only the French and omitting corresponding Flemish titles).
but they all hastened to add that certainly less time was needed on it than presently spent.
But only those already married could enroll in this one section.
The philosophy has been that if they could find the time to attend class why not encourage them to get the credit and perhaps provide an incentive to do the work more effectively.
It ranged from those with no children, through students in various stages of pregnancy, to one 44-year-old male with four children, three of whom were teenagers.
But within that framework he allowed for as much flexibility as possible.
Since the writer had established this democratic procedure in the beginning he had to go along with their decision -- after, of course, pointing out whether he thought their decision was a wise or an unwise one.
In addition to the noticeable difference in outside articles, there was a considerable difference in the outside books they read.
Mainly these were concerned with the possibility of the death of one parent and the complication of living with the survivor afterward, but the possible death of one's own spouse was not overlooked.
He felt certain for the first time in his teaching experience that the men in the class understood that orgasm, as a criterion, is not nearly so essential for a satisfying female sexual experience as most males might think.
It was predicted that Kohnstamm-negative subjects would adhere to more liberal, concretistic reports of what the ambiguous figure "looked like" as reflecting their hesitancy about taking chances.
One prediction had been made about the difference in security or self-confidence between those subjects who shifted their Kohnstamm reactivity when informed and those who did not.
There were 49% (20 subjects) who did not give a positive reaction even after they were informed of the normalcy of such a reaction and had been given a demonstration.
These subjects implied that they too could prevent their arms from rising if they tried.
A more tenable explanation for the change in reactions is that the added knowledge and increased familiarity with the total situation made it possible for these subjects to be less guarded and to relax, since any reaction seemed acceptable to the examiner as "normal".
She ascribed her delight with both experiences to the effect they seemed to have of temporarily removing from her the controls which she felt so compulsively necessary to maintain even when it might seem appropriate to relax these controls.
This subject was one who gave an arm-elevation on the second trial in the naive state but not in the first.
However, she was able to relax and yield to the moment.
Yet they were not so bound by past experience and constriction as to deny their immediate perceptions and to be dominated by their knowledge of what the experience should be.
The unstructured schools were in a large suburban community, predominantly middle- to upper-middle class, but fringed by an industrial area.
Children whose reading scores were at least one standard deviation below the regression line of each total third-grade school population were considered under-achievers for the purposes of sample selection.
The interviewers were instructed not to suggest answers and, as much as possible, to record the parents'actual words as they described the child's behavior in home situations.
There is much research evidence to validate the use of the instrument in differentiating individuals who are likely to manifest anxiety in varying degrees.
In the primary grades, reading permeates almost every aspect of school progress, and the children's early experiences of success or failure in learning to read often set a pattern of total achievement that is relatively enduring throughout the following years.
The criterion score used in the statistical analysis is an index of over- or under-achievement.
Figure 1 portrays the mean achievement scores of each sub-group graphically.
Our conjecture is, then, that regardless of the manner in which school lessons are taught, the compulsive child accentuates those elements of each lesson that aid him in systematizing his work.
The fact that such threat is potent in the beginning reading lessons is thought to be a vital factor in the continued pattern of failure or under-achievement these children exhibit.
Although the present study was not a direct replication of their investigations, the results do not confirm their conclusion.
Examples
Each salesman was to read a sheet containing a description of the product.
The batting average of one success out of seven increased to one out of three.
Somewhat to his surprise he found that one girl, whom he would never have considered for the job since she had appeared somewhat mousy and also had been in the office a relatively short time, did the most outstanding job of playing the role of receptionist, showing wit, sparkle, and aplomb.
Despite the fact that he was regarded as an outstanding engineer, he seemed to be a very poor administrator, although no one quite knew what was wrong with him.
We may say that his problem was diagnosed but that he refused treatment.
On being criticized for his arbitrary behavior -- he answered: "I have to make decisions.
and "cannot say" if they were not certain.
To learn what we do is the first step for improvement.
Chapter 10, spontaneity training
only seldom is it so simple as to be a matter of his obviously parroting some timeworn axiom, common to our culture, which he has evidently heard, over and over, from a parent until he experiences it as part of him.
Again, I at first misconstrued this disconcertingly intense communication, and I quickly cast through my mind to account for her being able to speak, with such utter conviction, of an opinion held by my father, now several years deceased.
Particularly hard for the therapist to grasp are those instances in which the patient is manifesting an introject traceable to something in the therapist, some aspect of the therapist of which the latter is himself only poorly aware, and the recognition of which, as a part of himself, he finds distinctly unwelcome.
One finds, for example, that a terse and stereotyped verbal expression, seeming at first to be a mere hollow convention, reveals itself over the months of therapy as the vehicle for expressing the most varied and intense feelings, and the most unconventional of meanings.
Of all the possible forms of nonverbal expression, that which seems best to give release, and communicational expression, to complex and undifferentiated feelings is laughter.
Recently, for example, a paranoid woman's large-scale philosophizing, in the session, about the intrusive curiosity which has become, in her opinion, a deplorable characteristic of mid-twentieth-century human culture, developed itself, before the end of the session, into a suspicion that I was surreptitiously peeking at her partially exposed breast, as indeed I was.
For English the reduction in size is less striking.
Dictionary forms found to match forms in the text list are marked.
cells in the X-region and Y region are reserved as information cells for text forms.
If Af was assigned as the information cell for Af, the routine can detect that Af is identical to Af by comparing Af with the form stored at location Af.
similarly, as many cells are added as are required.
Each time a dictionary form matches a text form, the information cell of the matching text form is saved.
If cell Af is not an information cell we conclude that the i-th dictionary form is not in the text list.
When entries are being retrieved from this file, the table of dictionary usage indicates which entries to skip and which entries to store in the computer.
(Here an entry is a form plus the information that pertains to it.
For example, the inflected forms of a word can be represented, insofar as regular inflection allows, by a stem and a set of endings to be attached.
Thus the first lines of one of Charles Wesley's hymns are as follows.
in one thing I know it will usually be on the predicator know.
Final adjuncts may or may not have dominant stress.
but if George has just been mentioned prominently (and the trip to be made has been under discussion), what is said is probably I'll go with him, and dominant stress is probably on the preposition with.
In I know one thing dominant stress is likely to go to one rather than to semantically pale thing.
In he's hurting himself more than he's hurting you both himself and you have stronger stress than they would ordinarily have if there were no contrast.
The stress on have, which here represents have finished reading the paper, is quite strong.
In I wanted to tell him, but I was afraid to the final to is lightly stressed because it represents to tell him.
In the second sentence if drinking water is a gerundial clause and without drinking water is roughly equivalent in meaning to unless I drink water, there will be stronger stress on water than on drinking;
From the point of view of word formation real might be expected to have two syllables.
By contrast, even experienced linguists commonly know no more of the range of possibilities in tone systems than the over-simple distinction between register and contour languages.
Good field techniques will not only equip linguists for better work, but also help them overcome negative attitudes.
Actual practice does not often work out this way.
However, any such suggestion accounts for only some of the difficulties in hearing tone, or in developing a realistic attitude about tone, but not for the analytic difficulties that occur even when tone is meticulously recorded.
In many of the syllables, intonation can be safely ignored, and much of the tonal analysis can be done without any study of intonation.
The possibilities in the consonantal system are very numerous, and only a small portion of them are actually used.
A phonemic system can be stated without reference to morphophonemics, but it cannot always be found without morphophonemics.
As a result, many people have been confirmed in their conviction that orthography design is not an activity to which experts can contribute anything but confusion.
This, however, will not exhaust their practical usefulness, as they rather clearly indicate what thorough phonologic investigation can contribute to orthography design.
Five of the papers deal with grammatical problems.
or both.
Swadesh, and therefore Hoijer, felt compelled to omit all terms denoting species or even genera (ox, vulture, salmon, yellow pine, manzanita);
This exception may be connected with Hoijer's use of a much higher percentage of verbs: 22% of his total list as against 3.5% in mine.
Af;
6.
stem frequencies 7 and 1, 86%;
7.
But it is becoming increasingly evident that such a hope is a snare.
With the universal list as his weapon, Swadesh has extended his march of conquest farther and farther into the past, eight, ten, twelve millennia back.
of classification first, with elapsed age merely a by-product;
An attempted middle course might lead to devices like a 5000-word alphabetized dictionary from which every fiftieth word was selected.
When this proposal was made, Stalin spoke with stronger emotion than at any other time during the Conference.
From six to nine million additional Germans would be evicted, though most would have fled, and Poland would receive far more from Germany than the poor territories, including the great Pripet Marshes, which she lost to Russia.
Of more importance to the West than Poland's boundaries was the character of her government.
To Stalin it was a matter of life and death.
This reasoning was also as inevitable as anything could be.
Also war-time propaganda and cooperation had "obscured the differences between Russian and Western ideas of democracy", and it seemed better to have them covered by verbal formulae than to imperil the military victories over Germany and Japan.
The same editorial continued that "We expected to democratize Japan and Korea and to see a new China pattern itself easily on our institutions.
While the Cold War raged it was easy to blame it all on Yalta.
A third aspect, and probably the one open to most controversy, is the results of the election.
The Istiqlal was still firmly united in 1957, but the P.D.I. (Parti Democratique de l'Independance), the most important minor party at the time, objected to the Istiqlal's predominance in the civil service and influence in Radio Maroc.
But the eagerly sought "homogeneity" of the Balafrej Council of Government was never achieved as the Istiqlal quarreled over foreign policy, labor politics and economic development.
Lacking the respected and effective institutions that consensus helps provide, minority parties, such as the P.D.I. in 1957 and the progressive Istiqlal faction in 1958, clamor for elections when out of power, but are not at all certain they wish to be controlled by popular choice when in power.
The concentration of effective power in Rabat leads not only to party bickering, but to distraction from local activity that might have had many auxiliary benefits in addition to contributing to more meaningful elections.
The overall effect was probably to stimulate more party activity in the communal elections than might have otherwise taken place.
The King decided to remove Ibrahim a week before elections and to institute a non-party Council of Government under his personal direction.
A goal was fixed, as given in Table 2, and attention focused on its fulfillment.
Since 1917 some thirteen supplementary and related acts have extended this Federal program.
Throughout the history of the program, state government expenditures in the aggregate have usually matched or exceeded the Federal expenditures, while local districts all together have spent more than either Federal or state governments.
A recent study indicated that 85 per cent of the nation's largest corporations conducted educational programs involving some class meetings and examinations.
For a number of years Kentucky, Louisiana and several other states have been building state-sponsored vocational education schools that serve nearby school districts in several counties.
Some of this trend toward area vocational schools has been related to the problems of persistent labor surplus areas and their desire to attract new industry.
The major weakness of vocational training programs in labor surplus areas is their focus on serving solely local job demands.
No effort is made in the same studies to present information on regional or national demand trends in these skills or to consider whether regional or national demands for other skills might provide much better opportunities for the youth to be trained.
Again, one major difficulty is the local focus.
However, if Federal funds are used, it would be entirely appropriate to train workers for jobs which could be obtained elsewhere as well as for jobs in the area of chronic unemployment.
His aptitudes and preferences could be given more weight in selecting the proper training.
They are both trend-following methods.
But the quest for such an index goes on ceaselessly, with all manner of investors and speculators participating, ranging from the sedate institutional type virtually to the proverbial shoe-string operator, all seeking doggedly, studiously, daily -- and often nightly -- for the enchanting index that will foretell the eternal secret: Which way will the market move -- up or down?
Not, at any rate, in the fuller sense of the word.
Figures reporting the volume of odd-lot purchases and odd-lot sales are released by the stock exchange and carried in the newspapers.
One might well wonder why the "public is always wrong" and the question raised is about as awkward as the one concerned with the chicken and the egg.
Strong hands differ from "weak hands" in that their operations are the primary movers.
But after all, can anyone imagine a market wherein the reverse of these things were true?
Diametric opposition must persist as to the future course of prices, if there is to persist a market at all.
In the final analysis, then, the user becomes either a bull or a bear in a given instance, notwithstanding any amount of forethought and calculation, however elaborate.
During much of the year the general level of business activity has moved along on a record-high plateau, but there have been persistent signs of slack in the economy.
The pattern of general business activity which probably lies ahead of us is a further moderate softening through the spring of 1961 before a new rise in economic activity gets under way.
Open market policy
This view is based upon several basic economic forces which I believe will be operating in the Sixties, as follows: (1)
Under the most favorable assumptions for increase, the Bureau of the Census projects that the annual rate of household formations will rise from about 883,000 in the last two years of the Fifties to an annual rate of about 1,018,000 in the first five years of the Sixties, and to a slightly higher annual rate of 1,083,000 in the second half of the decade.
(4)
The consuming public has used up a good part of these liquid assets, or they have been drained by the rising price level, and we have apparently gotten to the end of the line in making consumer or home mortgage terms easier.
The model of this paper considers an industry which is not characterized by vigorous price competition, but which is so basic that its wage-price policies are held in check by continuous critical public scrutiny.
1, the assumptions of the model
The manner in which this is shared among firms is taken as given.
The threat of effective anti-trust action, provoked by "gouging the public" through price increases not justified by cost increases, and fears of endangering relations with customers, Congress, the general public and the press, all operate to keep price increases in some relation to cost increases.
Whether or not it is in the industry's interest to allow the basic wage rate to rise obviously depends upon the extent to which the public-limit price rises in response to a basic wage increase, and the relation of this response to the increase in costs accompanying the wage increase.
Similarly, higher levels of GNP do not, in themselves, provide grounds for raising prices, but they do relax some of the pressure on the industry so that it can raise prices higher for a given wage increase.
Union policies and collective bargaining issues
Changes in the basic wage rate are cost-raising, and they constitute an argument for raising prices.
In the century from 1815 to 1914 the law of nations became international law.
On the one hand, the major European nations had to maintain vis-a-vis each other an emphasis upon sovereignty, independence, formal equality -- thus insuring for themselves individually an optimal freedom of action to maintain the "flexibility of alignment" that the system required and to avoid anything approaching a repetition of the disastrous Napoleonic experience.
Wheaton stated that the public law was essentially "limited to the civilized and Christian peoples of Europe or to those of European origin".
The law of nature governed sovereigns in their relationship to their own citizens, to foreigners, and to each other in a conceptually unified system.
In the international community this reduced law to Jellinek's auto-limitation.
The efforts of various interest groups to control or influence governmental decisions, particularly when taken in conjunction with the impact of industralization, led to a concentration of attention on the legislative power and the means whereby policy could be formulated and enforced as law through bureaucratic institutions.
When the power of the latter was made both limited and explicit -- when norms were clarified and made more precise and the creation of new norms was placed exclusively in parliamentary hands -- two purposes were served: Government was made subservient to an institutionalized popular will, and law became a rational system for implementing that will, for serving conscious goals, for embodying the "public policy".
it merely wished to minimize subjective views of officials who wielded public authority.
trade was based on freedom of contract, and money was lent and borrowed on contractual terms;
The change was not quite so dramatic as it sounds because in fact common norms continued to be invoked by municipal courts and were only gradually changed by legislation, and then largely in marginal situations.
A flood of federal lower court injunctions seriously impeded the processes of local government.
Whereas the earlier cases turned rather narrowly upon the availability of adequate state remedies, the new emphasis is upon the nature of the state policy at issue.
refusal to adjudicate is another.
A most revealing recent case is Textile Workers Union v. Lincoln Mills.
The Justice's elaborate examination of the legislative history of the provision in question suggests that Congress'purpose was merely to make unions suable.
There is a common problem behind most of these federal question and diversity cases.
To put it differently, state and federal courts have concurrent jurisdiction with respect to most claims of federal right.
In an FELA controversy the state court followed established state procedure by construing a vague complaint "most strongly against" the complainant.
Terminiello v. Chicago involved a conviction for disorderly conduct under a local ordinance.
These items, and most of the others listed above, seem quite comparable to items whose right of survival is provided for in section 381.
If it were not for judicial development of certain exceptions, this section would prohibit a suit for refund by an acquiring corporation for taxes paid by a transferor corporation, even though the reorganization meets the requirements of section 381(a).
A recent case in point is Mitchell Canneries v. United States, in which a claim against the Government was transferred first from a corporation to a partnership, whose partners were former stockholders, and then to another corporation formed by the partners.
If the succession is a matter of public record, certificates of the Secretaries of State or other public officials having custody of the documents will suffice;
As stated in Seaboard and numerous other cases, the two primary reasons for the enactment of section 203 of the United States Code were to prevent the Government from having to deal with more than one claimant and to prevent the assignment of meretricious claims on a contingent-fee basis.
In the rare case where a corporation's only substantial asset, or its most important one, is a claim for refund, perhaps its transfer should not be permitted, whether the reorganization takes the form of a statutory merger or of the acquisition of assets for stock.
Section 362 requires carryover of the transferor corporation's basis for property transferred, and section 1223 provides for tacking on the transferor's holding period for such property to that of the transferee.
Since this type of item was not in the statute when section 381 was enacted in 1954, one cannot say with certainty what effect the enactment of that section should have.
It is recognized that a mail questionnaire has inherent limitations.
In the preparation of the questionnaire the problems noted above were carefully considered, and the structure and phraseology used were designed to minimize the effects of these limitations.
Respondents'practices in participating in advertised bidding for defense business (Part C of the questionnaire) 4.
The research team prepared and then revised the questionnaire over a period of six months.
Twenty-eight returns in all were received.
The second list was derived from a group of approximately 8,000 names supplied to the research team by the Aerospace Industries Association.
Such a difference might have resulted from: 1.
E.
F.
The codes were key-punched into IBM punch cards and verified.
It was concluded that it would be appropriate to process the two groups of responses as a single sample of all small businesses engaged in, or wishing to sell to, defense programs.
We have consoled ourselves with the thought that this is a normal human reaction and is one of the consequences of any decision in an adversary proceeding.
By the very nature of the situation, it is the union which has been able to select the time and place to bring pressure upon management.
The State of California accepts the provisions of the Wagner-Peyser Act, and will observe and comply with the requirements of that act.
Assume, for example, a situation where a farm has a packing shed and fields.
We found that a labor dispute existed, and that the workers had left their jobs, which were then vacant because of the dispute.
A similar case arose at the Bowers ranch in Butte County, and the Superior Court of that county issued similar restraining orders.
But over and beyond the compelling need for a binding precedent decision, I am convinced that the decisions of the Superior Courts which in effect nullify the Secretary's Regulation are not a correct interpretation of the Secretary's power under the Federal law.
It is an issue which may well reach the Supreme Court of the United States before judicial finality is achieved.
He has advised me that the narrower interpretation is the proper one;
that their questions indicate a genuine interest in social processes and events;
Typically, the young child's emotional reactions last for a relatively short time, as contrasted to those of an adult.
The young child learns from parents and teachers that temper tantrums, screaming, kicking, and hitting will not get him what he wants;
1.
In later childhood, an interest in team games replaces individual play;
they exhibit a keen interest in social, political, and economic problems, but they frequently have vague and incorrect notions about the terms they use rather glibly in their routine school work.
Why the teacher should study the individual pupil
What they should recognize is that children who have been placed in one of these groups on a narrow academic basis still differ widely in attributes that influence success, and that they still must be treated as individuals.
They may be caused by poor health habits, such as faulty eating and sleeping habits.
Sources of information about children
Most school systems today maintain a system of cumulative records of pupils.
The Report together with other information suggests that desegregation in the schools is slow.
In Maryland the Harford County Board of Education had prepared a desegregation plan which the Court approved but which a plaintiff had challenged;
Desegregation in Pulaski County is pending because of court order, although date of admission is not yet determined.
I see no real prospects for an all-Negro school population.
They vex us and perplex us but generally do not divide us like the issues which follow the problems.
This is a problem, and I believe there is little difference of opinion that wherever possible a local school board should devise and effect a plan of desegregation.
Now, the issues
Issue no. 2.
In thousands of school districts, indeed, in the entire State of Mississippi, no plaintiff has come forth.
This is softer than earlier Powell amendments which would have denied funds to all segregated school districts.
Even if we marshal substantial agreement behind mandatory public education, we likely cannot expect that all the states will enact the legislation.
Should the government directly provide education for the children who want public education?
If there were more such cases, it would be easier to answer the question whether the policy-makers favor their own social classes.
Do they make class-biased decisions?
Their own experience in the social system influences their work and attitudes as teachers.
The "public interest" groups
Both Commissions consisted of upper-middle- and upper-class people, who attempted to act in the public interest.
These have an upper-middle-class leadership and a middle-class membership, with rare exceptions, where working-class parents are active in local P.-T.A. matters.
On the other hand, there is a counterbalancing purpose in education which is to pass on the advantages of the parents to their children.
Meanwhile, the private colleges have increased their tuition rates so much that they have raised an economic barrier which dwarfs their scholarship funds.
For more explicit expositions, one must distinguish different types of analyses.
Suffice it to say that the usefulness of the latter apportionment is questionable.
As already noted in an earlier paragraph, the more familiar cost analyses of utility enterprises or utility systems divide the total costs among a number of major classes of service, such as residential, commercial, industrial power, street lighting, etc.
To be sure, the capital investments in (or, alternatively, the estimated "fair values" of) the plant and equipment are apportioned among the different classes, as are also the gross revenues received from the sales of the different services.
In order to simplify the exposition of a typical fully apportioned cost analysis, let us assume the application of the analysis to an electric utility company supplying a single city with power generated by its own steam-generation plant.
For example, the monthly bill of a residential consumer might be the sum of a $1 customer charge, a $5 charge for 250 kilowatt-hours of energy at
While costs on this order are sometimes separately charged for in residential and commercial rates, in the form of a mere "service charge", they are more frequently wholly or partly covered by a minimum charge which entitles the consumer to a very small amount of gas or electricity with no further payment.
) Here I think the role of the philosopher becomes apparent.
Merton's functional sociology may have great practical use in the study of different cultures, yet it is perfectly clear, as Nagel (1957:
However, when philosophy attempts to stand above the sciences, to dictate the conditions of empirical research, it becomes formal metaphysics;
It is not positivism which has isolated metaphysics from reality by distinguishing between description and prescription.
Likewise, Kant formulated the nebular hypothesis, according to which the solar system was evolved from a rotating mass of incandescent gas, nearly a half century before its scientific value was made plain by Laplace in his Systeme Du Monde.
The realm of science, whatever the degree of precision in formulations, covers the range of prediction and explanation.
for this division is but an abstract representation of the social struggle between mysticism and science.
philosophic analysis of the assumptions and presumptions of the social sciences;
Social theory has no more right to expect results from meaningless questions, than physics has the right to expect a theological solution to the wave-particle controversy.
The functional interplay of philosophy and science should, as a minimum, guarantee a meaningful option to myth-making.
But before discussing it, I should like to record one vote of thanks to them for the clarity with which they have stated their case.
The attempt failed: the animal is now dead.
Now that this is at odds with our meaning may be shown as follows.
It ideally removes the past event, and shows that this would render false what we mean to say, whereas on positivist grounds it should not.
The positivist theory would here distort our meaning beyond recognition.
But suppose that a week later we revert to the incident in thought and make our statement again.
I come now to a fourth consideration.
Most of us would say that in this delight at the killing of others or the causing of suffering there is something very unfitting.
Indeed, we are forced to go much farther.
In any event, the extraordinary result of this injury was that he became "psychically blind", while at the same time, apparently, the sense of touch remained essentially intact.
The force of the authors'analysis (if indeed it has any force) can be felt by the reader, I believe, only after three questions have been successfully answered.
First of all, what is their evidence that the tactual apparatus was fundamentally undamaged?
If the argument is accepted as essentially sound up to this point, it remains for us to consider whether the patient's difficulties in orienting himself spatially and in locating objects in space with the sense of touch can be explained by his defective visual condition.
But by the tracing procedure, he could, in a strange obviously kinesthetic manner, find the unseen form;
He could not recognize it;
And the authors give numerous instances of calculated guessing on the patient's part to show how large a role it played in his process of readapting himself and how proficient he became at it.
a schematic, abstract treatment of men and animals, by intent, rose only in the late eighth century.
The Aegean in 800 B.C.
The focus of novelty in this world now lay in the south-eastern districts of the Greek mainland, and by 800 virtually the entire Aegean, always excepting its northern shores, had accepted the Geometric style of pottery.
On these pillars rested that solid basis for life and thought which was soon to be manifested in the remarkably unlimited ken of the Iliad.
The historian can only point out those lines which were major enough to find reflection in our limited evidence, and must hope that future excavations will enrich our understanding.
objects in gold, ivory, and bronze grow more numerous.
political organization revolved about the basileis;
The growing contacts between Aegean and Orient are also a phase which should be linked primarily to the remarkable broadening of Hellenic culture after 750.
In earlier centuries men had had enough to do in rebuilding a fundamental sense of order after chaos.
instead they divided the surface into many bands or covered it by all-over patterns into which freehand drawing began to creep.
Arriving at daybreak, they found Julio in his corral and demanded that he surrender.
They stayed with a rancher Friday night and by eleven o'clock Saturday morning passed the old Garnett Lee ranch.
At a very shallow place, two Mexicans rushed into the open for a shot.
the Mexicans not only refused to give them, but told the possemen if they wanted a fight they could have it.
Pels also sent a check for $100 to Russell's widow and had a white marble monument erected on his grave.
Although wanted by the sheriff for killing an old man named Asher Jones, the warrant for his arrest had never been served.
In deadly earnest, the besiegers methodically stripped away portions of the roof and tossed lighted rags inside, only to have most stamped out by the women as soon as they hit the floor.
There was no extra horse so it was left to his comrades who, though numbering in the fifties, had stood around on the hillside nearby without firing a shot during the entire attack.
He wisely decided that it would be foolish to create a disturbance during the coming roundup, particularly since the Mexicans were on their guard.
The committee submitted a report signed by Louis Martin and Leon Wiley with a map published in the 1946 town report.
Goodwin was telegrapher for the "American Telegraph Company" and the "Troy and Canada Junction Telegraph Company".
Telegraphers at the Depot at this time were Aaron C. Burr and Mark Manley of "Burr and Manley", dealers in lumber and dry goods.
Two companies now had headquarters with Clark J. Wait, who by then had his own drugstore at Factory Point -- the "Northern Union Telegraph Company" and the "Western Union".
In 1914 when the town was chosen for the U. S. Amateur Golf tournament, a representative hurried here from the Boston manager's office.
In November 1887 a line connecting several dwelling houses in Dorset was extended to Manchester Depot.
Service running through Barnumville and to Bennington County towns east of the mountains was in the hands of the "Gleason Telephone Company" in 1925, but major supervision of telephone lines in Manchester was with the New England Telephone and Telegraph Company, which eventually gained all control.
Yet one has to go back only some sixty years.
The first directors of the Manchester Light and Power Company were John Marsden, M. L. Manley, William F. Orvis, George Smith, and John Blackmer.
The latter now furnishes the area with electricity distributed from a modern sub-station at Manchester Depot which was put into operation February 19, 1930 and was improved in January 1942 by the installation of larger transformers.
Indeed, it is even surprising in the Canon of Christ Church and Regius Professor of Ecclesiastical History, who fathered this most peculiar view, and in the brilliant Professor of Medieval and Renaissance English at Cambridge, who inherited it and is now its most eminent proponent.
Can we discover what it is in Utopia that has evoked this response?
it can be made in two words, Utopian communism.
we are concerned with Utopian communism -- that is, simply communism as it appears in the imaginary commonwealth of Utopia, as More conceived it.
The concern of Utopia is with the optimo reipublicae statu, the best ordering of a civil society;
When we give the necessities of life to the poor, we restore to them what is already theirs.
We do not deny originality to the Agamemnon because Aeschylus found the tales of the house of Atreus among the folk lore of the Greeks.
democratic and secret elections of all officers including priests, meals taken publicly in common refectories;
During the Brown trial, however, the state's most powerful Democratic newspaper, the Providence Daily Post, stated that Brown was a murderer, a man of blood, and that he and his associates, with the assistance of Republicans and Abolitionists, had plotted not only the liberation of the slaves but also the overthrow of state and federal governments.
Although Rhode Islanders were preparing for the state elections, they watched John Brown's trial with extreme interest.
Despite the excitement being caused by the trial and sentence of John Brown, Rhode Islanders turned their attention to the state elections.
"E. B." compared John Brown to Moses in that they were both acting to deliver millions from oppression.
The Newport Mercury exhibited more concern over the possibility of the abolitionists making a martyr of Brown than it did over the development of sympathy for him.
In many Northern towns and cities meetings were held and church bells were tolled.
The first speaker was Amos C. Barstow who had been unanimously chosen president of the meeting.
Davis commenced his remarks by an allusion to the general feeling of opposition which the meeting had encountered from many of the citizens and all the newspapers of the city.
On the morning following the Pratt Hall meeting the editor of the Providence Daily Journal wrote that although the meeting was milder and less extreme than those held in other areas for similar purposes, it could have been avoided completely.
The process of flattening seemed inexorable, and it became necessary to emphasize the surface still further in order to prevent it from fusing with the illusion.
For the illusion of depth created by the contrast between the affixed material and everything else gives way immediately to an illusion of forms in bas-relief, which gives way in turn, and with equal immediacy, to an illusion that seems to contain both -- or neither.
At the same time, the wallpaper strips themselves seem to be pushed into depth by the lines and patches of shading charcoaled upon them, and by their placing in relation to the block capitals;
Depicted, Cubist flatness is now almost completely assimilated to the literal, undepicted kind, but at the same time it reacts upon and largely transforms the undepicted kind -- and it does so, moreover, without depriving the latter of its literalness;
If they opted for illusion, it could only be illusion per se -- an illusion of depth, and of relief, so general and abstracted as to exclude the representation of individual objects.
and independent silhouettes are apt to coincide with the recognizable contours of the subject from which a picture starts (if it does start from a subject).
Some time in 1912, Picasso cut out and folded a piece of paper in the shape of a guitar;
Subways improved land values without taking away land;
This movement of industry away from the central cities is not so catastrophically new as some prophets seem to believe.
They are all suburban plants, relying on the roads to keep them supplied with workers.
In spreading the factories even farther, the automobile may not have changed to any great extent the growth pattern of the cities.
No suburban shopping-center branch -- not even Hudson's vast Northland outside Detroit -- does anything like the unit volume of business or carries anything like the variety of merchandise to be found in the home store.
Indeed, there are some cities where the suburban shopping pulls customers who are geographically much nearer to downtown.
Historically in America the appeal of cities has been their color and life, the variety of experience they offered.
Bankers who had been reluctant to lend without better security than the house itself got that security from the U. S. government;
These were carried out not too faithfully by Filippo Costaggini, who began by supplying the missing member to the founder of Pennsylvania and noting in pencil, in Italian, that he "began at this point".
Cartoons were drawn full size, after sketches had been made to satisfy all the authorities.
The scaffold was the length of the space to be painted.
Some of the lime that is always on hand in the Capitol basement for plaster repairs was slaked several months for us;
The use of "secco" we tried to restrict to covering joints.
One is led to speculate as to why the empty space was there, left for our century to finish.
The startlingly bright effect of the first washings led the Committee to order the rest of the Brumidi-Costaggini cycle cleaned and restored to go with them.
The painting "a fresco" stood up superbly;
With naked gas jets below and leaky windows above, enough to ruin wall paintings in any medium, they have survived, in a building long unheated in winter, hot and damp under the iron dome in summer.
There should be no reason to misinterpret or ignore the intent of this letter.
Apparently this is not the time and the climate in which people will listen objectively, or at least dispassionately, to individual impressions of a subject which preoccupies a good deal of their waking moments.
It cannot be said that our very first day in the Soviet Union turned out to be an ordinary one.
These two recollections form the frame around a series of experiences and sights which, to me at least, symbolize the extremes in the aesthetic as well as ethical conflict between materialism and humanism.
No wonder that Pozzatti and I had at times difficulty in remembering the real purpose of our presence, namely, Cultural Exchange.
This gave her an opportunity to ring down the curtain with the petulant admonition that we should not presume to lecture her on Abstraction.
The following is a statement read to a large and friendly group of your fellow artists in Leningrad:
In stating this position, we should like to make it clear to you that we cannot expect artists and intellectuals in other lands to share our opinion in every respect.
Such books are easy prey for critics.
It is worthwhile to recall that Fromm's treatment has both descriptive and normative aspects.
Considered as an independent variable, how does it affect behavior in various sectors of life?
The broad conclusions of that pioneering work remain undisturbed, but subsequent research has expanded and somewhat altered their empirical support, has suggested important revisions in the general analytic frame of reference, and has sharpened the meaning of particular analytic concepts in this area.
Fromm also cites a poll on attitudes toward work restriction conducted by the Opinion Research Corporation in 1945, in which 49 per cent of manual workers said a man ought to turn out as much as he could in a day's work, while 41 per cent said he should not do his best but should turn out only the average amount.
He seems to use the term alienation in two different ways.
He has his cake and eats it too: if the workers say they are dissatisfied, this shows conscious alienation;
Glance at the list: Burckhardt, Tolstoy, Proudhon, Thoreau, London, Marx, Tawney, Mayo, Durkheim, Tannenbaum, Mumford, A. R. Heron, Huxley, Schweitzer, and Einstein.
One such instance has already been presented: his use of alienation.
The moments of sung melody, in the usual sense, come most often when the character is actually supposed to be singing, as in folk songs and liturgical chants.
A quiet but sturdy theme, somewhat folklike in character, appears whenever the old monk speaks of the history he is recording or of his own past life:
Their begging song might easily be a folk melody:
)
in spite of the Italian name, he sounds French.
this brings a reaction of distress from Marina.
she is the unattainable beauty, the princess who turns away suitors by the dozen.
the conflict is not Boris versus Grigori or Shuiski or even the ghost of the murdered child, but Boris versus the Russian people.
Mussorgsky paints a telling picture of the common people, those who must suffer the effects of their rulers'struggle for power without understanding the causes.
This is especially striking between Pimen's quiet exit and Grigori's vehement outburst against Boris.
In the orchestra we hear first a hushed, hesitant pizzicato figure, then the insistent "police" motif as it appeared in the opening scene.
One might expect that in a poetic career of seventy-odd years, some changes in style and method would have occurred, some development taken place.
The bad early poems are bad Shakespeare or bad Swinburne;
There was one sterile period: only one poem is dated between 1872 and 1882 and, except for the poems written on the trip to Italy in 1887, very few from 1882 to 1890.
During the poetically sterile years he was writing novels at the rate of almost one a year and was, in addition, burdened with bad health (he spent six months in bed in 1881, too ill to do more than work slowly and painfully at A Laodicean).
We may carry this sequence one step further and say that at seventy he was a poet at the height of his powers, wanting only the impetus of two tragedies, one personal, the other national, to loose those powers in poetry.
there is no phrase or image that sounds like Hardy or that is striking enough to give individuality to the poem.
I cite it as evidence that he did not develop through new styles as he grew older (as Yeats did), but that he simply learned to use better what he already had.
Hardy obviously felt that these poems were peculiarly personal and private;
" -- John L. Lewis.
"Evil, man, evil", he said, and that's all he said for the rest of the night.
Neither of them got very far beyond a sort of entranced rapture at his own creativity.
Horace's column of imperishable verse shines quietly enough in the lucid air of Augustan Rome.
Contrary to popular belief, they were not great technical innovators.
It is the difference between Bach and Mozart.
it resembles Mozart.
Metrically, Thomas's verse was extremely conventional, as was, incidentally, the verse of that other tragic enrage, Hart Crane.
At one time it was the ambition of every saxophone player in every high school band in America to blow like Bird.
Surrealists like Hans Arp and Max Ernst might talk of creation by hazard -- of composing pictures by walking on them with painted soles, or by tossing bits of paper up in the air.
You have only to compare such painting with the work of, say, Sesshu, to realize that someone is using words and brushes carelessly.
So, in the last couple of years, abstract expressionism has tended toward romantic suggestion -- indications of landscape or living figures.
Proceeding from Parry's conclusions and adopting one of his schemata, Francis P. Magoun, Jr., argues that Beowulf likewise was created from a legacy of oral formulas inherited and extended by bards of successive generations, and the thesis is striking and compelling.
Even though the bondage of his verse is not so great as the writing poet can manage, it is still great enough for him often to be seriously impeded unless he has aids to facilitate rapid composition.
The quest of the historical Homer is likely never to have further success;
W. F. Bryan suggests that certain kennings in Beowulf were selected sometimes for appropriateness and sometimes for ironic inappropriateness, but such a view would appear untenable unless it is denied that the language of Beowulf is formulaic.
in an oral tradition they may be chosen for the entire epic corpus, and tend towards idealization rather than distinctive delineation.
the language, however, is a proper object of scrutiny, and the effects of the language are palpable even if sometimes inevitable.
Carl Eduard Schmidt counted 1804 different lines repeated exactly in the two Homeric poems, and by increasing this figure so as to include lines repeated with very slight modifications he counted 2118 different lines used a total of 5612 times.
J. H. Miller's excellent chapter on Great Expectations has lately illustrated how fruitfully that novel can be read from such a perspective.
Wemmick reveals his self-satisfaction by regularly rubbing his hands together.
Held upside down in the graveyard, Pip clings in terror "with both hands" to his convict;
Orlick might almost be Magwitch's bogy man come alive, a figure of nemesis from Pip's phantasy of guilt.
Since a gentleman must, if possible, avoid sullying them by work, his hands, as importantly as his accent, become the index of social status.
Pumblechook's hands throughout the novel serve to travesty greed and hypocritical self-aggrandizement.
When this is the case, the appropriate section of this manual will indicate that "Continuation Cards" may be used.
The assignment of actual addresses to symbolic index word and electronic switch names occurs in Phase 3, of the Autocoder processor.
2.
During the assignment pass, each instruction is examined for reference to the symbolic name of an index word or electronic switch.
(This method does not apply to electronic switches.
also, index words 93 through 96 may have been made unavailable for assignment.
Since the 7070 and 7074 make use of record definition words (RDWS) to read, write, move, and otherwise examine blocks of storage, the DA and DC statements provide the option of generating RDWS automatically.
An individual switch or the entire set of switches in a word may be tested or altered as desired.
The DUF also supplies the locations of subroutines written by the user that are unique to the file.
The first item in the operand, IOCSIXF, is used to specify the first IOCS index word for programs using tape files.
Research at Fayette, Missouri on oxidation ponds has shown that the BOD in the treated effluent varied from 30 to 53 mg/l with loadings from 8 to 120 lb.
With the development of the Red Bridge Subdivision south of Kansas City, Missouri, the developer was faced with the problem of providing adequate sewage disposal.
The large land areas required for oxidation ponds made this type of treatment financially unattractive to the developer.
This operation would permit evaluation of the pilot plant, with a slowly increasing load, over a reasonable period of time.
The composite samples were normally collected over a 6-hr. period, but an occasional 24-hr. composite was made.
The BOD in the effluent averaged 58 mg/l, a 76-per-cent reduction over the 24-hr. period.
As construction progresses, the volume of storm drainage will be sharply reduced.
It appeared that most of the mixed liquor suspended solids were active microbial solids with the heavier, less active solids settling out.
The floc particles were all small as the heavier floc settled out.
Routine determinations were made for dissolved oxygen in the mixed liquor and for oxygen uptake rates.
The actual power requirements indicated 2 lb. oxygen transfer / hr. / hp.
The organic loading on the pond was slightly under 60 lb. BOD / day / acre.
Submarines and shore installations are new elements.
Thinking on submarine defense has not always been clear-cut.
It would allow presentation to the public of a unified approach.
Principles involved in an over-all concept
In transit or on station, it may not be possible to attack the submarines until commission of an overt act.
The next developments will probably be in weaponry.
Numbers would be astronomical and current fiscal policies make this an impractical solution.
Before considering these elements in more detail, an additional requirement should be stated.
Good operational intelligence can ensure sound planning, greatly reduce force requirements, and increase tactical effectiveness.
Temperature, wind, oxygen content, depth, bottom character, and animal life are the chief environmental variables.
Mines need to be recognized as a major element in anti-submarine warfare employment, extended to deep water, and have their effective area per unit increased.
Fixed installations are increasingly advocated as the problem of area defense emerges.
It operates in its target's environment, and any advantage gained therefrom by the target is shared by the attacker.
(N. H. Sloane;
Selective inhibitors can distinguish the two activities.
Substance Z, an active urinary peptide, was purified by extraction in organic solvents and repeated column chromatography;
(E. F. Casassa, H. J. Notarius)
It was possible, however, to decompose the compliance into a sum of a frequency-independent component and two viscoelastic mechanisms, each compatible with the Boltzmann superposition principle and with a consistent set of time-temperature equivalence factors.
Libyan Desert silica-glass, another natural glass, is composed of nearly pure silica and has the same trace germanium content as sands in the area.
(A. J. Cohen, John Anania)
The structures, properties, and reactions of these compounds are being studied.
(P. J. Flory, C. A. J. Hoeve) chain conformations of polymeric chains
Hence, the present studies offer a possible basis for interpretations in the latter field.
In the new process impurities present in the solvent (benzene), the monomer, and in the reaction system which would cause deactivation of propagation centers, are rendered inactive prior to polymerization by gradual addition of initiator, a mixture of butyl-lithium and telomeric styryl-lithium, at a temperature low enough to suppress chain growth.
Great interest and practical help have been given by the Barker Index Committee.
Other morphological, physical, and optical property values are also given.
This publication covers the old literature (Groth);
References to the data sources are given in the crystal descriptions.
Many collaborators in the United States and Switzerland helped in collecting and assembling data, in making calculations, and in editing.
) properties:
Future editions may be more critical.
Part 2, contains determinative tables for the identification of crystalline substances.
The author of Crystal Structures is Ralph W.G. Wyckoff, University of Arizona, Tucson, Arizona.
The aim was to state the results of all available determinations of atomic positions in crystals.
The publication form is that of loose-leaf sheets (Af) contained in binders.
Price of the complete work including all necessary binders is $148.50.
The editors of this volume and Volume 2, were the late Charles Palache, Clifford Frondel, and the late Harry Berman, all of Harvard University.
Properties:
Use of nomenclature, symbols, units, physical constants:
There will be a comprehensive index in Volume 3, covering all three volumes.
The Institute derives its name from Paul Von Groth's Chemische Krystallographie, a five-volume work which appeared between 1906 and 1919.
Coverage of primary literature will follow.
The basic objectives in each instance are to make available supplies of food during the intervals between harvesting or slaughter, to minimize losses resulting from the action of microorganisms and insects, and to make it possible to transport foods from the area of harvest or production to areas of consumption.
Enzymatic action in stored food produces changes which can adversely affect the appearance of food or its palatability.
General effects of ionizing radiation
For radiopasteurization, to partially destroy microorganisms;
Radiation sources
Radiation, therefore, is at an initial cost disadvantage even though only 1 to 10 per cent as much radiation energy as heat energy is required for radiopasteurization or radiosterilization.
They require completely sterile foods capable of being stored without refrigeration, preferably items already cooked and ready to eat.
To date, the one meat showing favorable results at sterilization doses is pork.
When lamb and mutton are irradiated at substerilization doses, the meat becomes dehydrated, the fat becomes chalky, and, again, unnatural changes in color occur.
costs of freezing are in the area of 2 to 3.5 cents per pound.
At sterilizing doses, good palatability results, with a minimum of changes in appearance, taste, and odor.
Since the removal force is a function of coating thickness, a differential transformer pickup has been incorporated into the instrument to accurately measure film thickness.
The typical appearance of these various mechanisms is illustrated in Figs. 2, 3, and 4, which are single frame enlargements of high speed movies taken during the course of the knife removal process.
What then, are the factors that contribute to these phenomena?
Af is the shear force along the shear plane;
It is difficult to measure the direction and magnitude of R directly.
One of these is the fact that the knife employed, no matter how well sharpened, will have a slightly rounded cutting edge.
In extreme cases of very soft knives this value may even change during the course of a measurement.
The measured force, H, in cutting removal of coatings from their substrates consequently can be seen to be the sum of that force required to cut the coating, Af, that due to the bluntness of the knife, Af, and that due to the friction between the bottom of the knife and the substrate, Af, or Af.
In the first picture (9a) the knife is just beginning to advance into the inclined surface which was left from the previous chip formation.
Urethane foam, as only one example, was only introduced commercially in this country in 1955.
Urethane foam as an insulator is also coming in for a good deal of attention.
Several companies also saw possibilities in using the technique for extruding or molding vinyl products with a slight cellular core that would reduce costs yet would not affect physical properties of the end product to any great extent.
Basic chemistry
The polyester urethane foam is generally produced with adipic acid polyesters;
Compression strength:
Table 1, p. 394, shows a comparison of K factor ratings of a number of commercial insulating materials in common use, including two different types of rigid urethane foam.
Figure 2, above, shows the aging properties of urethane foams as determined by the percent of change in tensile strength during exposure to ultra-violet light.
Profile cutting machines are available which can split foam to any desired thickness and produce sine, triangle, trapezoid, and other profiles in variable heights, dimensions, etc.
This counteracted the gain from having no scrap loss.
The suds box drain is arranged at the start to deliver into the raised main drain pipe (thus returning suds to soap box) and the machine is started.
This method of rinsing appears to produce maximum cleansing with minimum soil redeposition.
Table 1, summarizes all of the various washing, drying, and restoration procedures available.
wash wheel -- cylindrical wash wheel of the reversing type.
The wash wheel is the equipment preferred for the test.
measuring scale --
A special template is furnished with the apparatus to enable marking a specimen for a central measuring area and the fabric extensions to the clamps (see Fig. 2).
This is especially true for knitted fabrics.
Woven fabrics to be dried by procedure b (flat-bed pressed) or restored by procedure 3 (hand ironing):
Circular knitted fabrics to be subjected to restorative procedure 2, (knit shrinkage gauge).
Immediately add water at 100 - 105-degrees-F (38 - 43*0C.) to the wheel to a level of Af inches;
Tests 2, 3, and 4.
Examples of such situations are (aerial) night reconnaissance, the recording of radioactive tracers in live body tissues, special radiography in medical or industrial applications, track recording of high energy particles, etc.
they suffer, however, from an inherently low resolution.
The magnification may be smaller, equal, or larger than unity.
Measured performance characteristics for this experimental tube will be listed.
The field-flattening property of the biconcave fiber coupler can be utilized to alleviate the peripheral resolution losses resulting with a flat phosphor-screen or coupling member.
The luminous efficiency Af of a photocathode depends on the maximum radiant sensitivity Af and on the spectral distribution of the incident light Af by the relation: Af where Af is normalized radiant photocathode sensitivity.
(C)
For phosphor to fiber and fiber to air surfaces, and assuming Af, we obtain Af percent.
Since we are considering here relatively small diameter (1 - 1.5 inches) fiber plates, their average thickness can be kept below 1/4 inch and their internal losses may be assumed as 15 percent (per plate).
Gain of fiber coupled image intensifiers
The resolution capabilities of an electrostatic system depend on both the choice of magnification and chromatic aberrations.
It is obvious that such an influence can only be expected in the final stage of an image intensifier at rather high output levels.
An optimal policy is one which in some sense gets the best out of the process as a whole by maximizing the value of the product.
The objective function is some measure of the increase in value of the stream by processing;
this number will be of the order of Af.
Then the dynamic program would require about a minute whereas the direct search would take more than three millennia!
Let the state of the stream leaving stage R be denoted by a vector Af and the operating variables of stage R by Af.
Let this be denoted by Af.
The set of equations (5), (6), and the starting equation (7) is of a recursive type well suited to programming on the digital computer.
A moment's reflection shows that the above algorithm and presentation work equally well in this case.
We cannot now speak of maximizing the value of the objective function, since this function is now known only in a probabilistic sense.
In many cases it is not possible to divide the process into a finite number of discrete stages, since the state of the stream is transformed in a continuous manner through the process.
The gyro angular momentum is defined by H.
The angle generated by the platform servo **yf multiplied by G is the effective acceleration acting on the accelerometer.
i.e., high loop gain causes the system to respond to horizontal components of accelerations.
Since a lower loop gain and low-pass filtering increases the response time, a practical compromise must be reached.
The automatic leveling system described in this section is readily adaptable to a gyro-stabilized platform consisting of three integrating gyros.
If high accuracy is required in preflight leveling, it is usually necessary to integrate or doubly integrate the accelerometer outputs (this also minimizes the noise problem).
In simpler terms, it amounts to pointing the platform in the proper direction.
Transit.
In many installations, the inertial platform is raised off the ground a considerable height when it is mounted in the vehicle before flight.
If the Z gyro is drifting, a current generated by the autocollimator is delivered to the gyro torquer to cancel the drift.
Thus, if one accelerometer is properly aligned, the other is also.
When the platform is level, **ye is a rotation about the Z axis of the platform Af.
Teachers -- men who wore brown suits and had gray hair and pleasant smiles -- came to their table to talk shop and to be introduced to Scotty and Rachel.
He had eaten almost nothing on the crested, three-sectioned plate and had drunk about half the milk in its paper container.
His hands, which had been as quick as a pair of fluttering birds, were now neither active nor really relaxed.
Since Mr. McKinley had to give a lecture, Rachel and Scotty drove home alone in the Plymouth.
the days seemed short, perhaps because his routine was, each day, almost the same.
Scotty was neutral.
He had not even thought about her much except once or twice at night in bed when his slowly ranging thoughts would abruptly, almost accidentally, encounter her.
He thought about it briefly, then deliberately turned the talk to something else.
He would sit, slim-waisted and spare, on the edge of Scotty's bed, his legs crossed so elaborately that the crossed foot could tap the floor.
Well, we're taking a little vacation, that's all".
Rachel stayed on after the doctor had gone.
He shook his head.
"That doctor annoys me".
It was true.
Scotty would hear the front door in the evening and then his father's deep slow voice;
His father would come upstairs and stand self-consciously at the foot of the bed and look at his son.
he felt he was noting it, as if it were something he might think about when he grew stronger.
On the forward slope in front of his own post stretched two rows of barbed wire.
Somehow he had forgotten what he must have been told, that combat was an intermittent activity.
He had come here in order to test himself.
"We just sit quiet and wait", Prevot had said.
Mines.
All sizes: big ones, some wired to set off a whole field, little ones, hand grenade size.
Soon they were picking their way along the edge of the stream which glowed in the night.
The warped, broken trees in the valley assumed wraith-like shapes.
Prevot came up ".
The walk and his fears had served to overheat him and his sweaty armpits cooled at the touch of the night air.
Sensing the unseen presence of the other men in the patrol, he felt mutely united to these nine near-strangers sharing this pinpoint of being with him.
He took the pen in his stumps and began to write.
"Oh, the French are a very curious people", Pierre had laughed.
Within two weeks Warren was ringing the bell at the abbey gate.
The other patrons were taxi drivers and art students and small shopkeepers.
the distant ship isn't there until you get the focus.
I heard of some that tried it back in the States, and he'd knock them clear across the room.
It just didn't occur to Trig that anything serious would happen to him.
We knew the enemy was subdued, because a flare was fired as the signal.
Mickie laughed.
He, and Mrs. Dalloway, too, had never permitted themselves the luxury of joys that dug into the bone marrow of the spirit.
He was not stone.
He had dared to defy nature, to turn his back to the Lorelei, and he was punished.
Lawrence could not put his finger on it precisely, and this worried him.
He said to the Secretary, "I understand you came from a little Pennsylvania town near Wilkes-Barre.
Again, Lawrence thought a little sadly, these were the fees of poverty and ambition.
At the same time, you have to face facts and realize that a man who's been in the Marine Corps all his life doesn't understand much about politics.
He's telling them now to write letters to their Congressmen opposing the disarmament of Germany.
the rather pleasant white city was on the hill where the chief stores were.
He was stern and overbearing with his flock, but obsequious and conciliatory with the whites, especially the rich who partly supported the church.
It was often re-enacted in less wild form at the Wednesday night prayer meeting.
It was arranged that he would board in the home of one of the old members of the church, a woman named Catt who, as Wilson afterward found, was briefly referred to as The Cat because of her sharp tongue and fierce initiative.
The streets in the colored section were dirty.
It was called Kent House.
The best could not escape from the worst and the worst nestled cosily beside the better.
Wilson stressed the fact that clear as this was, they must have a better church, a more business-like conduct of the church organization, and an effort to get this religious center out of its rut of wild worship into a modern church organization.
The church certainly would not be removed.
The colored people are getting employment at Kent House and other places, and they are near their places of employment.
It was next day that Sojourner came and sat beside him and took his hand.
"Talk to Mrs. Catt", she said.
And for him to leave this job now without accomplishing anything would mean practically the end of his career in the Methodist church, if not in all churches.
The bottle was filled up with flour.
If their schedules were to synchronize, there was no point in wasting time.
He was no longer worried.
He stopped and whispered his errand.
It had misfired.
He ran for the sick room, found his pistol was broken, and threw it away.
Payne hacked at their arms.
He clattered down the stairs and out of the door.
He had no idea where he was.
It was a part so familiar to him that he did not bother to think about it any more.
7,
The audience was fond of Harry Hawk, he was a dear, in or out of character, but he was not particularly funny.
"Sic semper tyrannis", it said mildly.
The figure was so theatrically dressed, that it was as though a character from some other play had blundered into this one.
Yet this scream had a different note in it.
The crowd began to move.
He went straight to the Presidential box.
With a bold arm, he dared once more to obstruct them.
Katie scrambled to her feet, Stevie agilely retaining his seat.
They were pursuing him.
We're nearly there".
Bong!
The wood was old, the paint alligatored.
And the loudest clock in the whole world"!
the Episcopal Church was one block down Sussex Street;
The veterans, idling on their benches in the Square, beneath the soldiers'monument, got to their feet when Papa approached: "Morning, Reverend"!
On these excursions, Papa instructed him on man's chief end, which was his duty to God and his own salvation.
"No, he won't"!
To speak of Papa dying was a sin.
The mouth was thin-lipped and wide, the long cleft in the upper lip like a slide.
he must pray to be spared.
if he missed it, never again.
He clenched his fists and faced the terror.
"Don't you be afraid"!
He jumped.
Ludie had a cigar box full of marbles and shooters, and a Roman candle from last Fourth of July.
He meandered down Pike Street, past the First National Bank with its green window shades.
If the crummy bastard could write!
Oh how they bounced!
Goddamn niggers, Lord.
Soon came back to his senses.
Maybe it's a good thing it happened.
A tune began to whirl inside his head.
He used it very effectively when he wanted to get his squad on the ball.
He laughed, suddenly, feeling a surge of power telling him of his hold over them, seeing himself before them, receiving utmost respect and attention.
Before him, mutilated, bleeding to death, they lay.
Somebody'll hafta start thinkin.
The music arrived, taking him its rhythm.
That's what he said.
Why didn't the damn Reactionaries bump him off?
He turned to the window again.
Somebody, got to be somebody If I don't put my two cents in soon, somebody else will I know they're waitin only for one thing: for the bastards what done it to be nailed.
Somebody was up.
Keep the chatter to a minimum, short answers, one word, if possible.
Give um the works.
The man shrank before the hot fury, searching frantically for the answer.
How did they miss him when they got Slater?
"For Christ's sake"!
Did I start the damn war?
Just let me go home to Jersey, back to the shore, oh, Jesus, the shore.
A river, wide as the Missouri, where it ran by his place.
Rousseau is so persuasive that Voltaire is almost convinced that he should burn his books, too.
"To have become so corrupt", he says, "surely you must have studied many arts and sciences".
But at the same time how understandable.
But then one day, while on a week's visit to the country home of a retired Swiss jeweler, Rousseau amused the company with a few little melodies he had written, to which he attached no great importance.
And they wouldn't leave off arguing and pleading until he had promised.
And the fault, of course, was Rameau's.
But then, after the little operetta had been given its feeble amateur rendering, everyone insisted that it was too good to be lost forever, and that the Royal Academy of Music must now have the manuscript in order to give it the really first-rate performance it merited.
Merely to satisfy the author's curiosity.
But now what crazy twists and turns of his emotions!
Monsieur De Cury was incensed, of course.
How titillating it was to go among people who did not know him as the composer, but who talked in the most glowing terms of the promise of the piece after having heard the first rehearsals.
Jean Jacques asked.
"If they are here, then surely I have the right to be here", Rousseau said.
Now times have changed, and I must pretend that hair doesn't grow on my face.
Here, before the court?
I have observed that being up on a horse changes the whole character of a man, and when a very small man is up on a saddle, he'd like as not prefer to eat his meals there.
The gun would fire or not, just as chance willed.
It was my initiation to war and the insane symphony war plays;
No drummers here, no pipers, and the red coats were covered with a fine film of dust.
One moment, the road was filled with disciplined troops, marching four by four with a purpose as implacable as death;
Their only hope of survival was to hold to the road and keep marching.
Wherever you looked, you saw Committeemen running across the meadows, some away from the road, some toward it, some parallel to it;
If we cluster together, the redcoats can make an advantage out of it, but there's not a blessed thing they can do with two or three of us except chase us, and we can outrun them".
They had stripped him of his musket and equipment, and now they were pulling his boots and jacket off.
In defiance, a chinless reprobate, Jake Camaret, marched down the aisle in St. Peter's one Sunday morning, followed by one of the women from the Bordel, whose dress and walk plainly showed the lack of any shame.
"That is the answer the ungodly will always make when the Church points its fingers at their sins.
It would be well to show the populace how we deal with adulterers".
Charles had died two weeks before, in early November, without being reconciled to the Church.
Unless God expected a man to believe the Holy Scriptures, why had He given them to him?
Despite their efforts, the problems seemed to grow graver all the time.
I have never asked for an easy task, but I am weary of the strife".
And Anthony was busy most of the time courting this girl and that.
Tears burned behind his eyes as he prayed and meditated tonight.
Is that you?
It is to be a trap.
So John had refused to agree to his appointment as a preacher, and now Caroli sought revenge.
The firelight played over Eli's flowing white locks and rugged features.
The chinless Jake called.
Before he could duck, another stone struck him.
With great difficulty John clambered to his feet and started to run, sweat pouring down his face.
Now the face was his own.
The rain dripped on the freezing loblolly of the street.
When they stood about his tent, chaffing each other, exchanging their obscenities, cursing command or weather, he had studied their faces.
It would be a sign for the untellable, and he, Adam, would understand.
The street was again empty.
The figure was close enough now for him to see the nose twitching to dislodge the drop clinging there.
Her name was Mollie.
He felt trapped in that pattern, in the repetition.
Then what?
He thought: I am a Jew from Bavaria.
He thought of Simms Purdew, who once had risen at the edge of a cornfield, a maniacal scream on his lips, and swung a clubbed musket like a flail to beat down the swirl of Rebel bayonets about him.
Adam rose from the crouch necessary to enter the hut.
He asked.
It is sowbelly with tits on.
"Know what I had to fix fer Ole Him"?
Then, gently, he shoved her behind toward Laura.
Gazing at her husband's drugged body, his chest rising and falling in mindless rhythms, she saw the grandeur of his fictional world, that lush garden from which he plucked flowers and herbs.
I should have".
With a hard eye, she informed Moll: "Don't sure'nuff me, officer.
Selena Masters, Joe realized, was her own woman.
He wanted to take the mother to headquarters at once and start her on the mug file.
"A couple of tips we're running down -- nothing promising.
Once, Andrus walked by it, hastily scanned the bold black headline and the five-column lead of the article (by Duane Bosch, staff correspondent -- age not given), and muttered: "We a buncha national celebrities".
Two men he did not recognize were sipping coffee and munching sweet rolls.
Flanked by marble urns and alabaster lamps, they seemed to be posing for a tribal portrait.
They offered no opinions, volunteered nothing, betrayed no emotions.
He had spoken to Mrs.
Both were dressed rather formally.
Both grinned at the detective.
jam;
Since ordinary breakfast-table conversation was impossible, it was at least something that they were able to offer Eugene the sugar bowl with their sugar in it, and the plate of bread and butter, and that Eugene could return the pitcher of hot milk to them handle first.
Harold indicated the photograph on the wall and asked what church the stone sculpture was in.
At that moment the bathroom door flew open and Eugene came out, with his face lathered for shaving, and strode down the hall, tying the sash of his dressing gown as he went.
It was the most important-looking cradle he had ever seen.
With the metal shutters closed, the dining room was so dark that it seemed still night in there.
Da-da-da-dum Music could not be Eugene's passion.
Her quarters were on the right as you walked into the building, and her small front room was clogged with heavy furniture -- a big, round, oak dining table and chairs, a buffet, with a row of unclaimed letters inserted between the mirror and its frame.
Barbara bought some cotton aprons, and Harold bought shoestrings.
"Oh no", Harold said, shocked.
He felt them.
That boat in the river, maybe".
"All because I didn't feel like dancing".
And in any case, answers may clarify but they do not change anything.
Perhaps after the soldiers had laid him on the ground, while Joseph of Arimathea was at Pontius Pilate's asking for Christ's body, Nicodemus was gathering his mixture of myrrh and aloes, and the others had gone home to mourn.
only what Mary felt for her son.
At the same time he started walking the streets, peering at the people passing or shopping at the stalls, storing up fresh impressions of what they looked like, how they moved.
He went into the Jewish quarter, wanting to draw Hebraic faces so that he could reach a visual understanding of how Christ might have looked.
"The Bible forbids us to bow down to or to make graven images.
I'm sure he would approve".
Michelangelo hurried to Sangallo's solitary bachelor room with his sketches, asked the architect to design a stand which would simulate the seated Madonna.
He worked for two hours a day with each model sent by the rabbi.
and a Jesus who, though lean, was strong even in death a look he remembered well from his experience in the dead room of Santo Spirito.
they remained rough starting points.
"Argiento, this is senseless", he complained, not liking to work on the wet floors, particularly in cold weather.
yet he knew that he had nothing to grumble about, for Argiento made few demands on him.
Though the pain was considerable Michelangelo was not too concerned.
The surgeon came back at dusk, cut the vein of a second pigeon, again washed out the eye.
Few of the neighbors came, but Mrs. Tussle came, called by tragedy.
She held Jonathan's letter, his words burning like a brand, and knew suddenly that the bonds between them were severed.
Kate tried to contain her curiosity and foreboding at what the letter portended, at what involvement existed for Juanita.
"You're gonna get caught", she heard Joel say to Uncle Randolph by the pump one morning.
Hearing his voice ring raucously up from the road, Kate would await him anxiously and watch perplexed as he walked into the house, cold sober.
He tended the new colts Beau had sired.
They won't never git over inter loyal western Virginia, them traitors!
Accounts were garbled at the telegraph office when they sent old George down to Parkersburg for the news.
They had already lost most of their corn, she thought.
I wish our doctor could have saved her".
"Tomorrow.
Kate asked, uneasy at the gravity of the girl's dilemma.
The things left unsaid they both felt deeply, and with a sigh they fell back on the well-stuffed pillows.
"Where is everyone?
David Cortlandt was tired beyond almost the limits of his flesh.
Mynheer, Sir Francis, the valley society, the very smell of the river on his right purling along to the bay past fish weirs and rocks, and ahead the sleepy ribbon of moon-drenched road.
Its groin was bloody.
New York lay bleaching in the summer sun, and the morning fish hawk, flying in the heated air, saw below him the long triangular wedge of Manhattan Island.
They often threw tidbits overboard.
their rock paths led down to the Hudson.
a carriage raising up the choking June dust, and beyond, in a meadow, a local militia company drilling with muskets, Kentuck'rifles, every kind of horse pistol, old sword, or cutlass.
Here he was, suddenly caught up in the delirium of a war, in the spite and calumny of Whigs and Tories.
Unique circumstances would test us all, he decided.
Time plays an essential part in our mortality, and suddenly for no reason he could imagine (or admit) the image of Peg laughing filled his mind -- so desirable, so lusty, so full of nuances of pleasure and joy.
The future would happen;
A fund-raising drive to buy tractors and machinery was launched.
We are here because all our paths travel a blind course through a thick forest, seeking human dignity.
Before he went into battle Andrei had told Alex, "I only want to be a Pole.
I am a Jew".
By late afternoon the train inched into the marshaling yards in the railhead at Lublin, which was filled with lines of cars poised to pour the tools of war to the Russian front.
Few of the native Jews who had lived in Lublin were still in the ghetto.
Sixty thousand Jewish prisoners of war disappeared into Lublin's web.
In and in and in they poured through the gates of Majdanek, but they never left, and Majdanek was not growing any larger.
Andrei glanced up over the top of the paper and looked into the mustached, homely face of Sergeant Styka.
Styka nodded and sniffed and blew his nose vociferously.
Who complains?
"His answer"?
Perhaps perhaps there is a shred of conscience left in the human race.
What I mean is, he was a Pole and the greatest soldier in the Ulanys.
Why do we let the Germans do this"?
It was an answer that Styka understood.
He grunted a sort of "yes" answer.
"Why?
"I ain't taking no goddamned chances for no Jew business".
Drunk or sober she was the most attractive woman in the world for me.
I hate it.
What about him"?
She began to laugh.
There was somebody else in the apartment.
She gave the nastiest laugh I ever heard.
I couldn't face Thelma after that night.
Trust Eileen to squeeze all the drama out of a situation.
Still I didn't think she was twotiming me with Precious right then.
The phone had been disconnected but telegrams came for him and notes by special messenger.
Getting drunk every night was the only way I could handle the situation.
He was a big thick beefy violent man.
All evening Eileen had been as demure as a little girl getting ready for her first communion.
Pat had contacts all over the labor movement.
Sposato couldn't wait to get me hired.
He wanted desperately to see Kayabashi defeated, the Communists in the village rooted out, the mission standing triumphant, for in the triumph of the Lord he himself would be triumphant, too.
He left with all the joyous spirit of a child going on a holiday, nodding attentively as Rector gave him his final instructions.
Rector had never been able to find out much about Hino's past.
When the telephone rang on the day after Hino went down to the village, Rector had a hunch it would be Hino with some morsel of information too important to wait until his return, for there were few telephones in the village and the phone in Rector's office rarely rang unless it was important.
"At three o'clock if it will be of convenience to you at that time".
Rector had no idea why Kayabashi wanted to visit the mission.
He went into the print shop, where Fletcher had just finished cleaning the press.
He told her of the visitors and then of his plans.
Do you think you can manage it"?
"Have you ever operated a transit"?
Johnson nodded.
The air was cooler here, and the lacy pattern of the trees threw a dappled shadow on the grass, an effect which he found pleasant.
At last he consented to meet her, and following that brief interview Claire wrote him a yet more remarkable proposal:
There was one of the new forte-pianos in the room and, as Claire rose to go, he asked her to sing him one song before she left.
The jaded amorist conjured up pictures of the blasphemous rites with relish.
She was the pursuer as clearly as was Venus in Shakespeare's poem.
Byron inquired.
So don't see yourself as a heroine or fancy this little adventure is an event of major importance".
Frankly, I don't care".
"Byron"!
Pausing in the doorway he said: "The form of the human female, unlike her mind and her spirit, is the most challenging loveliness in all nature".
"I was told it on good authority", Claire answered darkly.
Shelley sent a copy to Southey, a former friend, and another to Godwin.
There are some even now.
The careless writing was in keeping with his mood of savage discontent.
He had thought that the suggestion of taking it himself would tip the colonel in the direction of serving his own order, but the slip of paper was folded and absently thrust into the colonel's belt.
I want to take a look.
From the outside, it seemed no more than a low drumlin, a lump on the dark earth.
The man had come floundering aboard the flat-bottomed barge at the last instant, brandishing the flag of truce.
He had peered through the darkness at the rampart.
Watson turned away and did not see the man's knees buckle and his body sag.
A feeling of futility, an enervation of mind greater than any fatigue he had ever known, seeped through him.
For what?
To his left, the two skiffs dented their sharp bows into the soft bank.
They crept down the muddy slope toward the waiting boats.
He appeared to be peering haughtily down his nose at the crowded and unclean vessel that would carry him to freedom.
He felt a spectator interest.
The guards came to life with astonishing menace.
Watson stared into a cadaverous face.
Another body length or all the rest of his nighted life?
I can walk real good.
-- hush.
He had not meant to shout.
All his emotions had been inward, self-conscious.
Already his cool body lay in the ground.
John would curse.
It was built by the Pasterns, and stands on the acre of ground that adjoins our property.
She usually wore weeds, and a stranger watching her board a train might have guessed that Mr. Pastern was dead, but Mr. Pastern was far from dead.
Leaving her house one late afternoon, Mrs. Pastern stopped to admire the October light.
Mrs. Trempler was tuberculosis, Mrs. Surcliffe was Mothers'March of Dimes, Mrs. Craven was cancer, and Mrs. Gilkson did the kidney.
She stopped at the Surcliffes'after dusk, and had a Scotch-and-soda.
their maid gave him an envelope with a check in it and shut the door.
"Your wife just called", she said, separating one word from another, exactly like a child.
Everything's on the table".
All in all, they had six drinks.
"I've seen you, though, before", she said with enormous coyness, patting his knee.
He didn't doubt her truthfulness, although he had heard the words a hundred times.
"She told me he was in Germany".
It was the only meaning of the word that he had ever known.
It was not as though she noted clearly that her nephews had not been to see her for ten years, not since their last journey eastward to witness their Uncle Izaak being lowered into the rocky soil;
To Abel: "I am afraid there is not much to amuse small children here.
She smiled, and the teeth gleamed in her beautifully modeled olive face.
I used to play with the older one sometimes, when he'd let me.
Procreation, expansion, proliferation -- these are the laws of living things, with the penalty for not obeying them the ultimate in punishments: oblivion.
Or it might have been the absent nephews she addressed, consciously playing with the notion that this was one of the summers of their early years.
They rarely spoke.
They had closed over, absolutely, with the sealing of old Izaak's grave.
Mark easily looked years older than himself, settled, his world comfortably categorized.
He smiled.
There was the day Uncle Izaak had, in an unexpected grandiose gesture, handed over the pretty sloop to Abel for keeps, on condition that he never fail to let his brother accompany him whenever younger the boy wished.
His eyes were old and they never saw well, but heated with whisky they'd glare at my noise, growing red and raising up his rage.
I couldn't be sure he was still asleep.
When his arm came up I ducked away but it caught me on the side of the neck, watering my eyes, and I backed off to cough.
"A fat hell on Big Hans.
"No, Pa.
"You don't understand, Pa.
God dammit, get.
He was shouting and breathing hard and closing his fist on the pillow.
You want me to drop my pot"?
I always felt the memory was present in both of them, stirring in their chests like a laugh or a growl, as eager as an animal to be out.
"He said a fat hell on Big Hans".
"You go.
"Jorge".
That cock.
"No you won't", Big Hans said.
Oh, he was being queer and careful, pawing about in the drawer and holding the bottle like a snake at the length of his arm.
She'd found one and she hadn't said a word while Big Hans and I had hunted and hunted as we always did all winter, every winter since the spring that Hans had come and I had looked in the privy and found the first one.
He took pride in his hiding.
"Not where he's froze good.
I got hold his mouth open".
He was cold all right.
Put your arms around him".
He was in his mid-fifties at this time, long past the establishment of his name and the wish to be lionized yet once again, and it was almost a decade since he had sworn off lecturing.
His files, desk, drafting board and a high stool formed the only clean island in the chaos.
He left his home the day after New Year's wearing a mackinaw and sheepskin mittens and without a hat.
He would settle himself into his seat to laugh.
She called, trying to attain a half humorous resentment at his departure.
There is a death in all partings, she knew, and promptly put it out of her mind.
She stood up, smoothing her hair down, straightening her clothes, feeling a thankfulness for the enveloping darkness outside, and, above everything else, for the absence of the need to answer, to respond, to be aware even of Stowey coming in or going out, and yet, now that she was beginning to cook, she glimpsed a future without him, a future alone like this, and the pain made her head writhe, and in a moment she found it hard to wait for Lucretia to come with her guests.
So when the Big House filled up and ran over, the sisters-in-law found beds for everyone in their own homes.
Now there was no work in the fields, nor would there be till it rained, and she did not know where he went.
So the pattern was established.
The evaporative cooler had been moved to Granny's room, and her door was kept shut;
"Cousin Lura"!
Almost immediately she was ashamed of herself for feeling vain, at such a time, in such a place, and she tossed back her long yellow hair, smiling shyly as she entered the room.
"He's ten years younger than Ernest.
"How old is he"?
There never was a season before, but now they want to thin'em out on account of the drouth".
There was really no reason to refuse, and Linda Kay had never ridden in a Cadillac.
"I'd give anything if I could have found a girl like you".
"Oh, you could.
Bobby Joe and two or three of the other boys declared they had never been possum-hunting, and Uncle Bill Farnworth (from Mama Albright's side of the family) said he would just get up from there and take them, right then.
He had become the center of the company, such stories he had to tell.
to Alex they were merely six not unusual hens'eggs.
Alex's instruction was rapid, for the doctor had to go off to the Rue Ecole De Medecine to hear more speeches with only time for one sip of wine to sustain him through them all.
All search was ended;
Alex explained that they had been out for a stroll before breakfast while the doctor edged around behind him, attempting to hide the protuberance at his left side behind Alex's arm and back.
There was no reference to the incident on the stairs, his powers being absorbed by this more immediate business.
"Who was that, young feller"?
Now you go outside and beckon me when it's safe".
A bustle of sheets being smoothed and pillows being arranged indicated the fille de chambre's presence inside;
Without comment he opened the closet and from its shelves constructed a highboard around the egg case which he had placed on the floor inside.
There were times it wasn't right to make a person happy, like the times she came in the kitchen and asked know we don't keep peanut "butter for a peanut butter sandwich.
She looked at him impudently over the corner of the paper.
Then he spread out the last list on the counter.
She turned and put her arms around his neck.
What you think I care about that?
"How many times have I told you" -- he began, and was almost glad when she cut him off -- "Too many times"!
She made him sad some days, and he was never sure why;
"I don't know what you think you've been doing about my clothes", he said.
Winston enjoyed seeing him start out;
He noticed a speck of dirt on the sill and swiped at it with his finger.
Winston had been surprised at her for that.
where would she go for her gardening now?
He brought it in and put it down beside her.
Winston followed her around the room, collecting the small frail objects (Christmas, birthday, and anniversary) and wrapping them in tissue paper.
"Well, that's over now.
He had only agreed with Miss Ada about getting the valet, but he had actually suggested the photograph to Mr. Jack.
Finally she had come down;
"You look like that picture I have at the office", Mr. Jack had started.
"I'll give you a medical certificate, framed, if you like", Miss Ada had said.
In final separation from them, in the railroad terminal across the river from New York, I would nearly cry.
Like Eliot, in my fantasies, I had a proud bearing and, with a skill that was vaguely continental, I would lead Jessica through an evening of dancing and handsome descriptions of my newest exploits, would guide her gently to the night's climax which, in my dreams, was always represented by our almost suffocating one another to death with deep, moist kisses burning with love.
She was wearing her dark hair in two, thick braids to attain an "American Girl" effect she thought was appropriate to Halloween.
She was terribly pleased.
When in one letter Jessica informed me that her father did not like the idea of her going out alone on New Year's Eve, I knew for a moment an immense relief;
My camp-made leather wallet, bulky with twisted, raised stitches around the edges, I stuffed with money I had been saving.
There was a great sense of camaraderie.
Suppose I hadn't brought along enough money?
My heart almost stopped beating.
She wasn't quite sure that I felt enough remorse about my drinking, or that I would not return to it once I was out and on my own again.
You're not the kind to go violent.
Was she pretty"?
I wanted to go to college, too" --
There was no money for tuition, for clothes, for all the things you apparently take for granted.
"My aunt raised me.
When she had finished I said:
It suddenly seemed very important to me that Mary Jane Brennan should know the truth about me -- that I was not the confused, sick, irresponsible person she believed me to be.
There hadn't been anything really personal in her interest in me.
I wondered suddenly as I listened to the disconnected jabberings coming from the patient behind me, if I had not perhaps imagined it all.
Ask Tony was doomed from the moment Kupcinet leveled on it in his Sun-Times column.
I knew that I'd soon be back working as an orderly at the hospital or as a counterman at Union News or Schraffts while waiting for another acting job to open.
"Good.
"All right, you bastards", I said, "the great actor is about to buy a drink".
The elderly chauffeur, immaculate in a dark uniform, stood stiffly at attention holding open the door of the town car.
"That's right", I told him.
For the first fifteen or twenty minutes it's possible to be more or less interested in window displays, then in people passing by.
"It's a sublease.
"It's one of the rules on transients.
I hurried over to the agency heap, jumped in, started the motor and was just in time to see the car I wanted to shadow turn to the left.
I turned left too soon and got a signal showing that I was still behind him but he was to the right.
Moreover, I'd have lost him if it hadn't been for the electronic shadowing device.
I noticed that he was in Unit 12 and that he had registered under the name of Oscar L. Palmer and wife, giving a San Francisco address.
"Your wife isn't going to join you -- later"?
We like to run a nice quiet place".
I was so hungry my stomach felt all lines of communication had been severed.
"It's early in the evening to be in a hurry.
I said "Darn it, that's the automatic signal that shows when the ignition key is on.
She'll eat just a pineapple and cottage cheese salad and I'm to have one with her so she won't feel out of place".
The thin man said, "That-a-way".
"Canada doesn't have much of this here juvenile delinquency problem, but we keep a night policeman all the same on account of the crazy tourists".
It was dark inside the room but enough light spilled from the restaurant behind her to enable her to make out a round table with a green cloth top.
It was getting light.
A line of worry formed, a twitch pulled his mouth over to one side.
Vince swore.
Vince cursed steadily.
He spoke soothingly.
"You get that kid over to Rose's house".
In the tool crib she can't get away".
I wish you luck when you try scaring that kid".
"In a Chicago slum just like you.
She jumped as the little man now appeared at the window and, reaching through the opening, offered her a bottle of coke.
She called softly, "Barney".
Now he looked at her.
What awful thing had she to face in the next few hours?
This is the end of the line".
Dave made some sound meant to convey agreement.
You go.
As he chewed his gum and exuded wheezing breath, Marty smelt the reek of bad whiskey.
"Did anyone see my cab"?
There was no word spoken, no apparent signal given.
Perhaps it was Dora May.
There was nothing he could do but walk.
Then he realized the utter futility of the idea.
The steady roll of the drums had sounded behind him as he walked between the endless ranks of the men he had commanded, and each man about-faced and turned his back as the officer approached.
Acey Squire's station wagon.
He could not leave the road because of the water-filled drainage ditch.
There had been two more cars parked at the farm, a Plymouth and a pickup truck.
The Admassy place could not be far now.
He lurched on down the road despairingly, because there was no place else to go.
And now he saw them.
He held his arms close to his sides and made himself as small as possible.
He was nearing the Admassy house.
"Get in", Charley Estes said brusquely.
I was lucky they let me go, I guess".
He turned his head and said, "Alvarez will definitely be in a back room at the Jai Alai Club on South Beach within an hour.
Shayne said briskly, "Grab another drink if you want it.
Timothy Rourke gulped down the whiskey hastily and joined him, asking, "Who are we going to call on in the Northeast section"?
"It does", Shayne grunted sourly, still able to taste her mouth on his in the Green Jungle parking lot.
Not more than a block or so".
"I told you, Mike", said Rourke in an aggrieved voice.
Two men in the front seat.
"What are they doing here"?
If they are Beach cops on a stake-out, they'll admit it to a reporter.
He crossed the street and walked swiftly southward to circle back to the Boulevard and north a block to the open restaurant.
Be excited and don't identify yourself.
The bartender winked back at him and palmed the bill.
He went swiftly up the sidewalk toward the parked car with the two Beach detectives in the front seat.
They were both breathing heavily, out cold, and Shayne didn't think either of them had recognized him or could describe him.
Got no business over here on a stake-out anyway".
I wouldn't have to tell them I had Roberts --
He felt his empty pocket and knew that Roberts had retrieved the only weapon at hand.
He held the razor well out to one side.
There was a fixed grin on Roberts'face, made hideous by the swollen nose and the smeared blood.
Roberts sagged and slashed at him wildly.
Roberts careened backward, his back arched, fought for balance and, failing, stumbled against the newel post at the foot of the stairs.
It seemed to him that a long time had passed before he decided what to do.
One thing, he thought, nobody knows about it yet.
He left the rest of his things and returned to the lobby.
Then he went back for Roberts.
He went back and got the flashlight, returned to the tunnel and carried the suitcase to the edge of the pit he had found earlier.
He could feel himself falling in with it and being unable to get out.
He got to his feet and threw the flashlight beam into the pit.
It landed on Roberts'sprawled right thigh, poised precariously, then slid off to the ground.
He put in a call to Cunningham from his hotel room.
The courthouse was a white-stucco building minus the customary dome.
I think the best bet is to go through the society columns of last year and see if any of the grooms match with the obituaries a little later.
She'd have made a great scientist dedicated to tracking down heredity and environment.
"Last year?
"Was her name Lisa Carmody"?
"Have they inherited some money or something"?
"Sure", said Hirey.
He walked past the sheriff into a windowless room with shelves full of big, leather-bound volumes from floor to ceiling all around the walls.
In a tour around the stacks, he found that the earliest volumes began on the left and progressed clockwise around the room.
He tried to turn right to the society page in each one, but interesting stories kept cropping up to distract him.
This time the search took twice as long, cutting down on his extra reading, for he had to pick through several columns of one- and two-line social notes in each issue.
The air conditioner was no longer running.
Unless he was stone-blind, the person who'd just left couldn't have missed seeing Hank through the open door of the brightly lighted room.
Until now, Lilac Gaylor and Lila Kingsley had been like an anagram which he could unscramble at his own pace and choosing.
And Angie knew --
Angie knew too much entirely already.
All just by chance, and in a way tracing back to poor Frank, all of it, because naturally -- brothers, living together -- and Angie --
I go over to Castro and get fixed up there.
And all because of Domokous!
You don't need worry, Angelo.
I'm in a room over the Golden Club on San Pedro, you just ask for me there, you want see me.
I bring you the cash, say five hundred for ten decks.
Not very much later, but when things had settled down a little.
Grab, snatch, I saw that first!
She had it all planned out, how she'd do.
Prettier, she'd do her hair another way;
Mendoza didn't wake until nearly nine-thirty.
-- What then"?
Oh, well, you can't really blame Lolotte.
Drink your coffee" --
Ben and Lucien have gone after them.
She was deeply, horribly sure that Lucien had filled it with opium.
It would have been easy to identify as opium by its odor.
That was not reasonable either.
But -- well, she'd be very careful.
She thrust the envelope back in the bag;
Glendora put down a dish of lukewarm rice.
"We'll go to the storehouse".
And the fields were green and growing.
Besides, there was something hysterical and silly, something almost childish about an attempt to frighten her.
Lolotte held a patch of leather, Rev steadied something, a tiny brad, waiting for George's poised hammer.
Rev's face was suddenly a little fixed and questioning.
Glendora" --
Always provided that Lucien himself had not dosed her coffee with opium, she thought, as coldly and sharply, again, as Maude might have said it.
I didn't think there was any reason to".
"Then again he might not".
"I don't think anything.
I'm telling you, if these corpses ever knew the trouble they put us to, they'd think twice before letting themselves get knocked off".
He simply walked, not noticing where he was, not caring.
Emotionally, they penetrated him not at all.
For fifty-five years he had lived, progressing towards a no-goal, eating, working, breathing without plan, without reason.
He looked at Gilborn with undisguised curiosity.
He felt no anger towards Kitti, no sense that she had betrayed him.
Quickly, he went into the bedroom.
Who?
The figures on the worksheet paper in front of her were jumping and waving around so badly it was all she could do to make them out clearly enough to copy them with the typewriter.
That was one of the things she liked about Stanley.
But he hadn't understood.
It was nothing that he said or did, but it seemed so natural to her that she should be working for him, looking forward to his eventual proposal.
Indeed, there was a woman who, unasked, had already given him love.
Blanche knew all this because the door to Stanley's office was open and, without straining too hard, she could hear everything that was said.
While they were away Blanche came into the office every morning, running things as she had always run them for Stanley, going through the week in a dazed stupor, getting things done automatically, out of habit.
"Also, if you're going to believe those prints, you'll have to look for a killer who's a top-grade piano player".
By the time Felix turned up it was early afternoon, which, one would think, would be late enough so that by then, except for small children and a few hardy souls who had not yet sobered up, it could have been expected that people would no longer be having any sort of active interest in the previous night's noisemakers and paper hats.
You've been away from home for the New Year festivities, but now the party is over and you come home.
Instead of answering you, he sticks his head in the door and shouts up the stairs.
We were not, however, prepared for anything like the apparition that confronted us as Felix came up the stairs.
I don't remember ever seeing teeth that were quite so white and at the same time quite so emphatically not dentures.
He was dressed in a manner Esquire might suggest for the outdoor man's country weekend.
"That much Latin we remember", Gibby said dryly.
"The past I leave to historians", Felix intoned, demonstrating that he could be pompous as well as happy.
The happy one could never have looked happier.
"Past, yes, but important.
Nothing could make it necessary to proclaim it to the whole world".
This was a broth of a boy, our Felix, and nothing was more obvious than the joy he took in demonstrating how agile he was and how full of juice and spirit.
When Felix first opened the door on it, all these shades were tightly drawn and the whole studio was as dark as night.
They were all completely shrouded.
Outside his window bloomed a beautiful summer day.
"Reporters"?
You want me to call her"?
They had spent the morning revising the act, eliminating all the gay songs, patter and dancing with a view of the best public relations.
They succeeded in eluding the curious at the hotel, but there was no chance of avoiding them at the nightclub.
Under the heading of it's an ill wind, et cetera".
any kind of job was better than brooding.
Andy rolled up the revised script he had been studying.
Didn't they tell you what I wanted the p. a. system for"?
"Someday", Bonner said, "you're going to ask us for help.
He stalled for a half-hour longer, hoping to hear something from Vecchio about the ransom money.
"No.
He may try to phone us".
The audience had come not to be entertained but to judge.
Rocco Vecchio -- a perspiring, haggard Vecchio -- was standing there, flanked by two men in the uniforms of armored transport guards.
This particular song at this particular time could only be interpreted as the ultimate in bad taste, callous exploitation beyond the bounds of decency.
Someone clapped tentatively then quickly stopped.
"Did you hear them?
Vecchio shouldered in.
the place had the air of a morgue.
The old man gave the room a stare in leaving;
His father looked him over closely.
"They took it away, overalls or something".
"Mae, we're so busy.
He couldn't see the grin that split her mouth;
I stalled him off.
he went to the window and choked there with the fresh breeze on his face.
What did she think he could do?
Though his inner thoughts cringed at it, he forced himself to think back, recreating the scene in which Mae claimed to have caught him molesting the child.
It was just that little accidents played into her hands.
Even as the conviction of truth roared through him, shattering his last hope of safety, he was reaching to release the hand brake, to head up the road for home, doing her bidding.
he was straight, something angry in his attitude, as if he might be waiting to report something.
It would be such a relief.
He looked up and down the street.
And then you wiped up some grease".
"I don't remember any overalls at all".
She shook her head.
Or are the eyebrows more like this"?
But Gardner Willings was not included;
The Hotel King Arthur across the street provided almost twice as many problems.
There were other roofs, less convenient but not impossible.
Who measures?
(Detective Pearson, Eighteenth Precinct, thought for a time he might be on to something.
At the King Arthur one guest had had his head heavily bandaged, and another had a bandaged foot and had walked with crutches.
Sort things out, damn it.
He had left after the scuffle;
Ambushes are laid by those who doubt themselves, as any man may against a tiger.
Also, he thought, I doubt if she could hit the side of a barn with a shotgun.
But -- it happened, almost always, among the primitive and, usually, among the very young.
Opportunity was obvious.
"Right"?
would certainly deny any connection between the two things, or any connection of either with murder.
On the other hand, they, or it, seemed to have no legs whatever.
It was not, whatever tale was told by tails.
And possessed himself -- how?
Two martinis for lunch -- that was the trouble.
"They won't talk about who gave the information.
"If there was collusion between an outside murderer and a member of the household it would be an elementary precaution to check on the door later.
With his free hand he pulled a pad and pencil toward him and began to make notes as he listened, saying, "Uh-huh" and "I see" at intervals.
No other cause of death apparent.
"So there it is", he said.
the police chief shook his head over it.
He inferred that Hohlbein and Garth were high-priced lawyers.
Garth was prepared to be helpful in what he referred to with fastidious distaste as this unfortunate Johnston affair, which would not, he said more than once, have ever come about if Mrs. Meeker had only seen fit to consult Mr. Hohlbein or him about it.
She wanted to make a more equitable distribution of it among the groups that would benefit the most;
Mrs. Meeker hadn't struck him as ready to seek anyone's advice, least of all Garth's.
Twenty-five thousand to each of the great-nieces in Oregon (not much to blood relatives out of millions) ten thousand to this friend and that, five thousand to another;
There were no other names Madden recognized.
Madden inquired next about the audit of the scholarship fund.
He would offer no theory to account for her murder.
Nevertheless, he made a mental note to look into Garth's financial background.
A newspaper open at stock-market reports lay on one of them.
Because that's what you're doing -- wrecking it, wrecking it, wrecking it"!
A couple of sobs escaped him, followed by a sentiment that revealed his emotional state.
"I'm not pulling your leg.
"It doesn't matter.
He nodded triumphantly.
So why don't you be a good boy and" --
He turned and fled into the house and made his way up the marble stairs without once looking back.
Docherty said, "It's okay, Bonfiglio, let him by".
Could the ambassador himself be the man on this side the prime minister feared?
"Haven't the faintest, Captain".
In the lighted interior he saw other men and women struggling into their wraps.
This would be Mahzeer's office.
Hoag turned.
almost at once a figure bulked up.
He climbed the steps of the first and opened the door to the vestibule.
He peered in the boxes themselves;
fresh scars showed that the door had been prized open.
Hoag pushed open the door: at the far end of the long dark room Muller was faintly silhouetted against the window, the rifle still raised;
Hoag stumbled back into the hall, leaned against the wall, and started to retch.
Gun went to the connecting door, which was open, and stood at attention while Orville Torrence Killpath, in full uniform, finished combing his hair.
He sat stiff-backed in a chair that did not swivel, though it was obvious to Gun that Killpath felt his position as acting captain plainly merited a swivel chair.
Can't have it.
Gun knew that nothing but aces back to back would give the lieutenant an ulcer and a smile at the same time.
"He let a patrolman take over the duties of the station keeper.
"Oh, yes.
What have you to say to that, Sergeant"?
I would have been negligent and a goddam lousy cop to boot, if I'd sat around this station all night when somebody got away with murder in my district.
A district station can't run smoothly, unless" -- He interrupted himself, looking around Gun at the doorway.
Not that he gave a damn what the grapevine sent out about Killpath's little speech on the comportment of platoon commanders.
Then
A time plan is a mere convenience, you understand, and when" -- He interrupted himself, smiling.
He was always well groomed and well tailored, and he had that rich man's look which was authentic enough and came from two good prep schools and a proper university.
She glanced at her companion fondly.
He made a point of frowning, of acting out the part of the fond father-confessor.
Casey watched them go, still frowning absently and then dismissing the matter as he called for his check.
I knew the only way I could beat you was to play possum, but it was a good try, kid, and I appreciate it.
Even before his mind had rounded out the idea, he thrust one hand into his trousers pocket and pulled out the six slugs he had taken from the revolver.
Then, as he turned toward the telephone, it rang shrilly to shatter the stillness in the room and he reached for it eagerly.
"You took a picture of me at the corner of Washington and Blake about three thirty this afternoon".
Even so, he generally listened and was usually reasonable to those who voiced their objections properly.
"But I meant what I said, Casey.
By the time he had smoked three cigarettes he had calmed down.
He considered opening a can of beer but vetoed that idea too.
Some of them came from people who identified themselves.
"We're out just a little too far.
A second later she came behind the wheel and backed off the anchor line until it was set in the ocean floor.
Once, in New York, he had gone flying with some friends in a small private airplane with a single engine.
Now, at this moment, there should be none unless skin diving was much more dangerous than he had been led to believe.
"They are the best".
For a while Nick followed the twisting course of the bubbles, wondering which set came from Elaine.
It was an odd combination a strange pair to stumble upon the wreck of the Trinidad.
Nick recalled stories that the two best fishing spots in Southern California were over the La Jolla Deep and the Redondo Deep, two spots where the ocean dropped off to fantastic depths almost from the shoreline.
He sat up and watched as they pulled themselves over the stern.
"Cigarette"?
His face was still creased in pain as he studied the underside of his arm.
She asked steadily.
At the same instant, Nick hit the barrel and threw himself upon the smaller man.
Poet twisted again and Nick's knuckles scraped on the air tank, ripping off the skin.
Instinctively he exhaled through his nose then sucked in the air from the hose.
Seeing me he said with real surprise, "Well, well, ain't we honored!
A runt with narrow shoulders and that brush haircut hell, you'd pass for a juvenile delinquent of the hotrod set.
Came to the Harbor as a bride and Don't worry Jed, this one is in the bag.
"
Told them I can handle this".
Then she heard Julia phone me.
The corpse was on a table, covered by a sheet.
I told him, "I want to go see the Buck house".
The fins of a Caddy were sticking out of the garage, while the inside of the house was a comfortable mixture of old and expensive contemporary furniture.
Miss Julia was a hard woman with a dollar.
But then I wasn't her social secretary".
We did 80 miles an hour across a hard dirt road to a cluster of shacks.
"Well, for this week, but they wasn't due'till Saturday.
Need it for the job".
I'll tell him -- if I see him".
There was a 34 foot Wheeler with Chief Bob's in big gold letters on its stern also tied up at the dock.
I drove out of the Harbor, turned off into a dirt road among the scrub pine trees and stopped.
But the police have dropped the case.
"That's your headache.
Study the topography of the suite.
"That is exactly what I'm hoping for.
At the time of her divorce Forbes had promised to pay her a lump sum in lieu of further alimony if she remarried.
Her door was locked and the key was missing.
The clerk was young and limp, with a tired smile.
At the same rate".
The clerk's eyes flickered.
"St-story"?
The corridor on the eleventh floor was dimly lighted by electric globes at intervals of thirty feet.
Deal furniture with a mahogany finish was neatly arranged as if it stood in the window of a department store.
The boy raised his eyes.
There were three -- one leading to a bathroom, one to the hall, and one to the room next door which was immovable -- locked or bolted on the other side.
He crawled into bed and switched off the light.
Alec heard a faint sound.
Cautiously Alec tensed his muscles, ready to jump.
Rough cloth rasped his fist.
The man's shoes were too pointed, his overcoat too broad at the shoulders and too narrow at the waist.
The man's eyelids fluttered.
Or I'll turn you over to the police"!
But you realize, I am sure, how much old deeds incite to new ones, and you must forgive me if I tell you first of the old ones.
They had learned, both of them, about Abraham Wharf.
The'when'you know;
In fact, all the folk who lived on the back of Cape Ann, they are not just like others.
We'll walk up there later.
Both Red McIver and Handley Walker lived nearby, almost as near as I do.
I knew Red and Handley well.
What's that?
He was courteous and casual about it, as though it were of no consequence.
Red was small and fine-boned, like ivory-inlay.
Red always was morose, yet that day the dapper Handley was the louder of the two.
And I remember that the whole of the privileges, not counting the Beech Pasture, was valued at twenty pounds.
If Red had a show at Gloucester, Handley would hurry to hang his pictures in Rockport.
That was the day Red was said to have gone away.
Haney peered doubtfully at his drinking companion through bleary, tear-filled eyes.
It was blurred, after two hours of steady drinking, but the occasion of it came back to him.
Haney hadn't given it much thought at the time.
When he finally got the coughing under control, he realized that Pete (all he gave was his first name) was still waiting for an answer -- he didn't even seem to wink as he continued to stare.
I'll do anything for somebody I like.
Why don't they tell me themselves if it bothers them"?
Haney's eyebrows flew up.
He went for more aspirin later in the day, and passed the surly landlord on the way -- he was still alive and scowling as usual, as if tenants were a burden in his life.
He had apparently been alone.
After all, the man had no family, so no one suffered, and everybody was better off for it.
This favorite grievance was not the landlord.
Haney felt like shrinking out of sight, but he was already trapped in the corner with the wiry, dark little man.
To break the uncomfortable silence, Haney began to talk.
She can drop dead"!
Suppose -- just suppose this guy was really what he said he was!
"But if you say you managed it" The stranger was hooked.
"C'mon", he whispered;
he'd hung another half of a blanket over the boarded window so no light would show through.
"He'll bring a bottle too, and I'll get another one or maybe two while I'm out.
On the way I'll give you the scoop".
there was no hurry.
When he handed it back and I had hold of it safely, Pops was looking toward me and I said "Now", to Charlie and he swung the short length of lead pipe he'd meanwhile taken from his pocket, once.
To kayo him and maybe or maybe not kill.
And we'll never know which.
"What do you feel"?
This happened in the middle of a drinking bout with another bum.
Besides, I doubt if the cops will even try dusting.
A fire wouldn't have mattered except that it would cause Pops to be found sooner.
How safe is too safe?
Charlie would get there early because he had the key.
He'd been there several times, back when, while he and Radic had been friends, or at least not enemies.
"All right, I'll come clean.
So it wouldn't be for days or even a week before you could do anything.
Mike remained in trance;
Before midnight he speeded his heart, resumed normal breathing, ran down his check list, uncurled and sat up.
Where is everybody"?
They went downstairs, loaded a tray lavishly.
his foster parents had taught him to see.
it was a goodness, beauty.
"On the side toward the horizon -- the southern hemisphere -- it is spring;
"Of the humans we left at the equator, one has discorporated and the others are sad".
But he was homesick".
Presently his water brother said breathlessly.
It is for growing closer.
"We grok God".
A colossal campaign opened to sell more sexual organs of plants and Mrs. Joseph ("Shadow of Greatness") Douglas was quoted as saying: "I would no more sit down without flowers on my table than without serviettes".
The Man from Mars had interrupted him with his work half finished -- and that stupid jackass Short was certain to louse it up.
Foster shook his halo.
Now look, there's work to be done and lots of it.
if Mike had had a finger in it, he had gotten away with it -- and what happened to supreme bishops worried Jubal not at all as long as he wasn't bothered.
Absent-minded, subject to unexplained tears Jubal would have bet his life that if Anne were to witness the Second Coming, she would memorize date, time, personae, events, and barometric pressure without batting her calm blue eyes.
He said sharply.
He was a good impresser, that Pornsen.
If I get a low M. R., I do so because I want it that way or my dark self does.
If you volunteer, you will be told where you're going after the ship leaves.
"A thousand pardons", said Hal.
Naturally, he couched the provision in obscure language.
His mind turned the globe swiftly for him, and he visualized Africa, which used Swahili south of the Sahara Sea.
Hal knew that when that side of Earth rotated into the night zone, Sigmen City would blaze out into space.
Hal felt sorry for Mary;
Mary was as frozen below the navel as he.
"I had no idea that you, too, would be on this glorious voyage.
Meanwhile, all the personnel except those few needed to carry out the performance of the ship, went into the suspensor.
And, in the half-year left before reaching their destination, the men would carry out whatever preparations were needed.
Moreover, even getting this across would be difficult.
Fortunately, gender was inflected, though the expression of it would be difficult for anybody not born in Siddo.
He had already become used to Hesperus'snapping back answers to questions almost before Jack could get them asked.
"For now, it is clear that we were in the wrong.
Between individuals, this process is called bargaining.
"Then it is a matter of pleasure;
"But this simply requires that they behave in accordance with the dictates of their own natures, and respect yours in turn.
Yet there was some precedent for it.
It was worth trying.
Gradually, he realized that the pentagon of Angel elders had vanished, and that the ritual learning dance of the nursery had been broken up.
"You can't see them yet, Jack.
It was a startling, almost numenous sight;
There was only one possible answer, but Jack's horrified mind refused to believe it until he had fed the radar plots of the skiff's course into the computer.
Had he decided, perhaps, that the center of the cloud was a center of government, instead of a center of life and faith"?
"I'm going to turn my generator back on, as I promised to do.
Without an instant's transition, the green light that meant full fusion power winked on the board.
"Nothing wrong with me that couldn't be cured", Nogol said.
Above them, the sky was the black of space, or the almost equal black of the winter sky above Minneapolis, seen against neon-lit snow.
He was the captain, so he could ask questions like that.
"Animals.
"Easy", Nogol confirmed.
Actually, the types of infection that could attack a warm-blooded mammal were not infinite, and over the course of the last few hundred years adequate defenses had been found for all basic categories.
Statistical average and all.
It sure as hell doesn't look like any dominant intelligent species to me.
Ekstrohm suggested.
"At this stage of the game anything could be possible.
The camp was a cluster of aluminum bubbles, ringed with a spy web to alert the Earthmen to the approach of any being.
Ekstrohm stood up.
Others admitted he was absolutely correct -- he never slept.
Since he couldn't sleep anyway, he might as well stand their watches for them or write their reports.
Behind him, his mates stirred without waking.
What do you think I did with them"?
ExPe doesn't like anybody mucking up primary evidence".
"You've been hiding things from me and Nogol every jump we've made with you.
Suspicion wasn't new to him at all.
"Don't try anything violent, Stormy.
Instead of kicking feet, Helva's neural responses started her wheels;
Brain ships were, of course, long past the experimental stages.
Very few committees ever looked past the first few photos.
Helva "looked" up and caught a fascinating panorama of regular, dirty craters on a flaky pink surface.
Would you like to see my work"?
"Oh, I forget", and Helva's voice was really contrite.
"Which you are programed to compute"?
Balanced properly between optimism and practicality, the nondefeatist attitude of the shell people led them to extricate themselves, their ships and personnel, from bizarre situations.
She compared the results with tape recordings of modern singers and was not unpleased although her own tapes had a peculiar quality about them, not at all unharmonious, merely unique.
Her extendibles were diverted, connected or augmented and the final, delicate-beyond-description brain taps were completed while Helva remained anesthetically unaware of the proceedings.
Had there been another "brain" ship at the Base at the moment, Helva would have been guided to make the first move.
Even to herself Helva sounded a little self-pitying but the truth was she was lonely, sitting on the darkened field.
He stumbled and fell, but it did not hurt.
It was foolish and snobbish to wear clothing when none of these nice people did.
He forced himself to be deliberate.
I do so believe in death"!
The agonies of nerves and itching of skin were phenomena which happened somewhere near him, but meant nothing.
The pains themselves had not changed;
Mercer squeezed the man's shoulder.
"Soon", said the half-man.
"No, no, no.
Mercer himself could not tell how long it was before B'dikkat came back.
The next time it was two legs growing from his chest.
Thus events occurred, and victims changed in appearance, and new ones arrived.
"Standard years -- eighty-four years, seven months, three days, two hours, eleven and one half minutes.
The dromozoa kept him alive, but he did not know how they did it.
Time stood still for these people, and their load of pleasure was so commingled with the shocks and pains of the dromozoa that the words of the Lady Da took on very remote meaning.
The letter, scraped on stone, had been a message home.
Sometimes he woke up in the middle of the night thinking of Ann, and then could not get back to sleep.
He could not afford to lose a drop of the precious water, so he spent most of his waking hours along the ditches in his meadows.
His visitors had crawled through the south fence and were crossing the meadow, angling toward the house.
He asked, "Could we have a drink"?
Her blond hair was frowzy, her dress torn in several places, and her shoes were so completely worn out that they were practically no protection.
Morgan filled the dipper from the water bucket on the shelf, went back into the front room, lifted the girl's head, and held the edge of the dipper to her mouth.
"That's my wife Sharon.
"The town of Buckhorn's only about six miles from here.
He was silent a moment, thinking he could use a man this time of year, and if the girl could cook, it would give him more time in the meadows, but he knew nothing about the couple.
"I could use some help", Morgan said finally, "but I can't afford to pay you anything.
Morgan filled the fire box with wood again, then started supper and set the table.
I gave you a drink and then you went to sleep".
She sat down at the table, shaking her head.
When they were finally satisfied, Jones said, "I think he's going to give us work".
He said: "You'll feel a lot better after you have a bath.
He said: "I'm going to bed".
Jones followed him into the front room, closing the door behind him.
It's late and you said they'd be here by dawn".
"Do you remember Big Charlie"?
I didn't understand why, Clay.
Gavin slipped his arms around his chest and hugged him fiercely.
Can't let you go way from me again" He closed his eyes, ashamed of his tears.
When he had finished he led him and the mare to the porch.
"Clay", he said, "where are we goin"?
A man could make a mark there.
Help me up, I feel kind of stiff".
There was no one but me.
In that inert landscape the caravan of his desires passed before his mind.
The men in Pettigrew's were tired from a night's drinking, their faces red and baggy.
"He's not your brother, he's Gavin's son.
He remembered Clayton's mocking smile in the saloon when he had asked him what he would do if they brought their cattle to water.
There's only one way they can get out now and that's through the Gap -- if we ride hard we can take them".
The clouds parted and hard gashes of sunlight swooped down to stain the earth with streaks of white and gold light so that the shadows of the running horses flowed like dark streams over the dazzling snow.
he could feel more than hear the staccato beat of hoofs that fanned out across the prairie to the north.
The sentry was not dead.
"You are hurt"!
"The main bunch is outside, but there are some over there inside the wall".
Evidently this was a precaution so that mounts would be available in an emergency.
Mike turned away.
Susan said fiercely.
He handed the bayonet to Dean and kept the pistol.
"Who's that"?
Mike, off balance, managed to bat the muzzle away a moment before it exploded.
Mike said.
He protested.
"Favor him and save something in case you hit trouble.
He lifted a screeching war whoop.
He crouched there.
He crawled beneath the two supply wagons which stood between the buildings and peered around a corner.
Shouldering the load he peered from the door.
The stockade was brilliantly lighted and the guerrillas sighted him.
Susan bounced to her feet and slammed the door.
At the same moment Wheeler Fiske fired the rifle Mike had given him and another guerrilla was hit.
"Get a bucket line going"!
"Drag the wagons to the spring"!
Susan and Julia ripped strips from their clothing and bound the injury.
"Dirion found a large war party south of us.
The Aricaras treated us like friends.
Mr. Manuel whispered in the ears of the Sioux that the Cheyennes were comin'to raid'em for their horses.
In this country there's a war on every time the grass turns green.
Well, talkin'ain't goin'to help -- let's fort up"!
Reverend Jason was understandably bitter.
He had ordered the ponies brought inside the fortified circle and had assigned Pierre and a band of picked engages the job of trying to keep them steady under fire.
I didn't catch a wink.
They were about a mile off;
I found his chest in my sights.
At the last second I dropped my sights from the bare chest and bright red circle to the chest of his pony.
Lead up!
His legs pumped furiously, his long black hair streamed out behind him.
"Gray Eyes is back, Montero said.
The horses were only several lengths away when he fired.
Reverend Jason got one, the Canadians the others.
His eyes were dark, fluid, fearful, and he gave a sigh as my knife went in.
She was carrying a quirt, and she started to raise it, then let it fall again and dangle from her wrist.
She had helped him change his mind.
It's bigger than it has to be, though I don't see where it's doing any harm.
"You own this place"?
Wilson didn't say anything.
If you want to see" --
"It doesn't hurt.
He got up slowly, and she was already on her feet, and he stood facing her.
He was tall and dark-skinned, a half-breed, Wilson thought.
The scar looked pure white in the half-darkness;
But the scar seemed to pull hard at the corner of his mouth, and his eyes were hurt and angry.
"He's a friend.
"I'll bet that's as close as you've been to a man since you were a baby", Wilson said.
He side-stepped her blow and she fell, stumbling against the gelding.
They expected greater things from him, regardless of how trying the circumstances, and they were disappointed.
He had a feeling that the girl meant trouble.
Six hundred and forty acres, the old man back in St. Louis had said;
And he had a feeling -- thanks to the girl -- that things would get worse before they got better.
It was the only thing about her that was the least bit hard to remember.
A warm breeze played across it, moving it like waves.
It was dark and, I sensed, very large;
This impressed me, until I realized how limited was his sphere of influence.
When one of the men in the hall behind us spat on the floor and scraped his boot over the gob of spittle I noticed how the clerk winced.
When he saw me coming he turned his radio off.
Each of those tickets was of great value to its rightful recipient.
I had for some time been hoping, in vain, for one of the dim figures to pass between the fan vents and myself.
I decided to see no more of the clerk until the processing of my papers was completed.
I was constantly searching for clues around the neighborhood of the hall.
But it was not a tall structure and other buildings concealed it.
Although it was dark as usual I could see that the hall had only recently contained a great many people.
The director came to the door.
He spoke, in a voice as immaculate as his appearance.
I had always, I said, hankered after working hard with my hands.
"What did you want me to do, kiss him?
They filed out through the guard-room door, into the paved square.
"It's Curtiss", he said, naming the man Rankin had hit.
Powers had not followed.
Barton was relieved to see that Carl Dill and Emmett Foster had brought extra mounts.
It was to him that Barton had sent Carl Dill on Dill's release from the prison.
Barton turned away, his eyes falling upon Rankin beside his horse.
They were in a fight, outweighed in both numbers and money.
Through the gloom he could not see the man beside him clearly but he knew him thoroughly.
Mitch Barton knew the place.
I'm an outsider.
"Dealing faro".
He's informed them of everything you've ever written him.
"But you can't ride into the Ferry.
Donald Kruger would like nothing better than to hold him as hostage, and I wouldn't entrust a snake to his tender care.
Creighton Hague sat in his office above the Ione pit.
Hague, like all who worked near the pits, was partly deafened from the constant assault against his eardrums.
The eyes always held Hague, eyes of a dead man, lidless as a lizard's, with the fixed intensity of a cobra.
"This is Mitchell Barton.
It cost us a hundred thousand dollars and thirty days lost time to fix them.
It was really quite simple.
If she, Pamela, were being held responsible for his crimes, then hers must be the final act of expiation.
She remembered little of her previous journey there with Grace, and she could but hope that her dedication to her mission would enable her to accomplish it.
She regarded them as signs that she was nearing the glen she sought, and she was glad to at last be doing something positive in her unenunciated, undefined struggle with the mountain and its darkling inhabitants.
The forest took on an impersonal aspect.
How could he comprehend her need when he himself was innocent?
She was sure she would reach the pool by climbing, and she clung to that belief despite the increasing number of obstacles.
She started to brush the dirt and bits of leaves off her clothes.
The thought made Pamela shudder.
It entered her body with the ghastly intimacy of an incubus, and its particles, spreading, creeping, crawling, joined themselves into steel bands that constricted her knees so tightly that they ached;
She had to escape.
"I want to tell you something Thomas DeMontez Lord.
Do you hear me?
So I can hear you while I'm checkin'the car.
He grinned, nodded, and walked around to the front of the car.
If I could make myself feel the same way
And his relatively small hands and feet gave him an almost delicate appearance.
"Can't you stop that stupid clowning for even a minute"?
"Now, ain't it the truth"?
sufficiently, at least, to get them back into town.
Then, with a shrug of pretended indifference, she took a compact from her purse and went through the motions of fixing her make-up.
That was the day that he had practically mopped up the main street of Big Sands with Aaron McBride, field boss for the Highlands Oil & Gas Company.
By failing to do as he was told instantly -- to take out a permit or return the gun to his car -- he had played into Lord's hands.
McBride reddened.
An'that could mean trouble with a fella that's workin'for crooks.
"Just as soon as I go to the bank, and" --
And then there was a numbing blow to the heart, and another gut-flattening blow to the stomach
Somehow more terrible than the certainty that he was about to die was the knowledge that Lord would probably not suffer for it: the murder would go unpunished.
laughing at a dying man, laughing as a man was beaten to death.
The herd was watered and then thrown onto a broad grass flat which was to be the first night's bedground.
Supper would be ready within the hour.
She wished that she could talk to her mother about it.
Conchita wondered.
He'd told Hank Maguire and Luis Hernandez about his wife's refusal to come with him and about what he now intended to do.
"She won't change her mind", Brannon said.
"In a year she'll like living in Clayton's house too much to come back to me", Brannon said flatly.
"And you?
Brannon shook his head.
They had for cover both darkness and a summer storm.
With him were Hank Maguire, Luis Hernandez, and Luis's son Pedro.
"Probably just stepped out", he said.
Brannon had no slicker.
It seemed long, at least to Tom Brannon.
"Brannon, I warn you"!
"Put your gun on the desk, Marshal".
"What for"?
His face took on a sudden pallor, became beaded with sweat, and he seemed to have trouble with his breathing.
Macklin balked again, not wanting to unlock and open the door.
He strode past the now frightened man, entered the house.
But the day of the deadline came and passed, and the men who had scoffed at the warnings laughed with satisfaction.
His land had never been plowed.
This time Lewis had his own rifle in his hands, and he threw some answering fire back at the mysterious far-off shot, then spent most of the day searching out the area.
An inquest was held, and after a good deal of testimony about the anonymous notes, the county coroner estimated that the shooting had been done from a distance of 300 yards.
"Dead center at three hundred yards, that coroner said"!
But there were other homesteaders who passed the Lewis murder off as a personal grudge killing, the work of one of his neighbors.
He looked around in surprise, then noticed that Fred Powell was clutching his chest.
Not even an empty cartridge case could be found.
No man's name brought more cheers when it was announced in a rodeo.
I found a trooper once the Apache had spread-eagled on an ant hill, and another time we ran across some teamsters they'd caught, tied upside down on their own wagon wheels over little fires until their brains was exploded right out o'their skulls.
All through Albany and Laramie counties, other men were doing the same.
) Rumor had it he slipped two small rocks under each victim's head as a sort of trademark.
He made their spreads his headquarters, and he helped out in their roundups.
"What is it you want me to do, Mr. Brenner"?
"I don't know, Mr. Brenner", he said haltingly, beginning to get an inkling of Brenner's plans.
"Yes sir".
Curt circled the house and located a barn out back.
It was certain now that Jess was in the house, but also, presumably, was Stacey Black.
"
"That's the stuff", Curt said.
About now he's probably having supper.
Jess stiffened.
Curt was holding Jess's gun in his left hand.
we're on even terms.
You're the kind of bastard who sneaks up on a man from behind and hits him with a club.
Jess's coarse features twisted in a surprised grin which was smashed out of shape by Curt's fist.
Jess wasted a few seconds trying to yank them loose.
Even Black's old crowbait began to snort, and from the house Black yelled, "Jess!
You killed him, didn't you"?
Leaving Jess's where it lay, he left the stall.
He shoved Black toward the stall, and pointed his pistol at Jess.
Somebody in this town must still have some backbone".
Dan could hear Clayton Burnside and Eben Jackson summing up their final reckoning for rental on the oxen.
"Nate!
He moved in close, jerked the handsome, broad-brimmed beaver hat from Nate's head and clamped it on his own.
Then, with a glory that almost wiped out the deep, downward sags in her careworn face, Matilda leaned over the wheel and shouted to Hez, who was stumbling along in the heat and the dust on the opposite side of the wagon "Pa!
But even a reunion as joyous as this one did not make a break in the routines of the day.
"Golly", Rod exclaimed to Harmony as he dutifully stood by her side among the ringed spectators, "don't that fiddle make you wish the Bible didn't say us Baptists can't dance"?
And she was deeply thankful that she could see her now, out there in the midst of a gay, youthful circle, skipping and singing, "Farmer in the dell, Farmer in the dell, Heigh-ho the dairy-oh, the farmer in the dell".
No matter how many registry rocks they came to on this journey, each one exerted its own appeal.
"A body would swear I floated right up here on a cloud"!
The two tall brothers waited silently while their mother handed Gran her cold snack and water jug, placed the chamber pot beside her feet, and returned to her place at the front of the wagon with Alice.
"Ain't no sense you eating our dust", Rod protested.
"Like enough we'll all be up on top by sundown".
"If you spot Carmer give a yell before you move in".
Russ ran up the steps quickly to the plank porch.
As luck had it, he had not gone twenty feet in the street before Pat appeared.
While five minutes ago the place had presented a scene of easy revelry, with Gyp Carmer a prominent figure, it was now as somnolent and dull as the day before payday.
The bartender measured this situation with heavy eyes and decided he wanted no part of it.
With a bellow Carmer lunged at him.
Complying methodically, Pat pulled pocket after pocket inside out without finding a thing.
"That is, if we can be sure this is Colcord's money" --
His glance at Gyp Carmer was disdainful.
To his faint surprise Russ held up his hand.
But I want this to sink in awhile.
"Penny's always glad to see me over there", he mused bleakly.
Hauling up, Russ listened carefully.
When it was followed by a second, whining even closer, Cobb swerved sharply aside into a depression.
Dismounting, Russ looked about hastily.
"Jumping Jerusalem!
He clambered out of the dwindling wash, the loose dirt flying behind him, and flashed a look about.
It was a rough long ride through the mud and pot holes.
"But this goddamn climate.
Yet long before the scheduled time for return, Donovan would be watching for every speck in the sky.
He possessed the fighter pilot's horror of bad weather and instrument flying, and he wondered, if the ceiling did drop, whether he and the other flights would be able to find their way back in this unfamiliar territory.
He dropped down to five hundred feet, swinging a little north of the city of Tacloban, and punched into the opening that showed against the mountain.
"Somebody beat us to it"!
The accuracy was deplorable.
Greg's eyes flicked up from his instrument panel.
He narrowed the shape down to two: either a Zero or a U. S. Navy type aircraft.
Todman, you take the one on the left.
Greg wished the Air Corps had continued to camouflage planes.
Greg slapped his hand across the switches that turned on the guns and gun camera and gun sight.
That's an order".
"Now, Sweeneys, now.
Eight aircraft in this small box.
As if drawn by a wire the enemy flew into them.
Wingman, stay clear, he prayed.
We were coming to an intersection, turning right, chuffing to a stop.
"Mor-ee-air-teeeee", he shrieked, his white teeth grossly counterpointing those of the glittering blonde.
"Onleh one thiihng", Mrs. Roebuck continued.
Mrs. Roebuck thought Johnson was a "sweet bawh t'lah lahk thet", but her Herman was getting to be a man, there was no getting around it.
"Get in, buddies.
Maybe I would beat old Herry to Siberia after all.
"Bueno, amigo.
When I fell on my back, I saw a vulture hovering.
"Hell, that's all right, buddy", the Indian (I now guessed) said.
Suddenly the Spanish became an English in which only one word emerged with clarity and precision, "son of a bitch", sometimes hyphenated by vicious jabs of a beer bottle into Johnson's quivering ribs.
Another car was coming, a tiny, dark shape on a far hill.
I got a coin between my thumb and forefinger, leaned my elbows in a very natural and casual manner on top of the truck cab and flipped my little missile.
I saw Johnson's bottle snatched from his hand, saw it go in a swirl of foam just behind the second car.
Eyes like hot honey, eyes that sizzled.
"Sure".
"I forgot"!
"You may have seen me on TV", she said.
What's your name, anyway?
I mean: Is advertising honest?
She told me.
He wanted a few stills for magazine ads, he said.
"Yes.
She went on:
What Joyce wanted me to do was go to Thor's house and "do whatever detectives do", and get her clothes -- and handbag containing her identification.
Seeming much relieved, she smiled one of those worth-waiting-for smiles, and I smiled all the way into the bedroom.
I showed her the shower and tub, and she said, smiling, "If you really don't mind, I think I'll get clean in the shower, then soak for a few minutes in your tub.
Ten after nine.
I'll be soaking for at least half an hour".
But the scene was not the quiet, calm scene I'd expected.
He didn't push it;
What is the gunk"?
Accident, murder, suicide -- take your pick".
The rest of the time I devoted to painting or to those other activities a young and healthy man just out of college finds interesting.
My Uncle and I were not too close socially because of the difference in our ages.
You must forgive me if I seem to dwell too much on her physical aspects but I am an artist, accustomed to studying the physical body.
As it is in so many affairs of the heart, a man and a woman meet and something clicks.
I myself was fond of him but what a young woman half his age saw in him was a mystery to me.
She placed her palms, fingers outspread, on the desk in an odd gesture as if to say, "Now, what next"?
"I know.
"But now what"?
"By telling him you are making passes at me"?
We made a rendezvous tomorrow evening at nine on some street near Lake Ponchartrain.
"No", I chuckled, "I'm just beginning to collect dividends on my investment in education".
I suspected why he brought it along.
He had better write a postcard to Walter.
Dammit!
The menace of Manas gradually faded as Meredith asked himself should he translate it,'How the dark fates laughed'?
(Would she have been able to had she known that the blanket belonged to a young ballet dancer Nicolas had found his first night in one of Walter's marked bars?
) Her Nicolas lay curled in the sun like a fawn, black hair falling over his eyes.
She had arrived this morning and come straight to the English Gardens.
No.
He spit.
But a young American has a bath next to his room and I shall ask him if you might use it this once.
Before dinner, he shaved for the second time that day.
Her white blond hair was clean and brushed long straight down to her shoulders.
;
It tastes a little like poppyseed.
Mary Jane took the page from him and began reading it, moving her lips with the words.
She began to explain, "There was this poet, in Italy" He interrupted, "Please don't judge all poets".
dust choked their throats and lay like acid in their lungs.
He cleared his throat and wet his lips.
She took it grudgingly, her dark eyes baleful as they met his.
"There must be some water under there".
They'll roll off in another day.
He had picked out this pathless trail, instead of the common one, in a moment of romantic fancy, to give them privacy on their honeymoon.
He stared at the dipper, turning it over and over in his wide, calloused hands.
"I might have starved, but at least I wouldn't be fried to a crisp and soaked with dirt"!
Too late, he realized that in turning, he had wheeled them onto a patch of sandy ground, instead of atop a grade or ridge.
And then came the water -- not rain, but solid sheets that sluiced down like water slopping from a bucket.
The water level was higher than their hubs.
His wife didn't give a sign she'd heard.
The girl murmured harshly.
He examined the water marks on the iron tires when the animals were finished.
Still, he felt better.
He said hesitantly, "Hettie, I don't figure your things got wet too much.
I heard a cry from a stoker as a pillar of flame leaped from a hatch and tongued the man's bare back.
"Let's get away fast", said Brassnose, shaking water from his mop of bleached hair.
our muscles were hot wires of pain.
The place is inhabited by several hundred warlike women who are anachronisms of the Twentieth Century -- stone age amazons who live in an all-female, matriarchal society which is self-sufficient".
But we didn't.
it was perhaps 80 feet high and had been artfully constructed of logs.
Our lifeboat was filling rapidly and despite what I had heard of the inhabitants of Eromonga, I was glad to see a long and graceful outrigger manned by three bronzed girls glide out of a lagoon into the open sea and toward our craft.
She said, "My name is Songau and these girls are Ponkob and Piwen.
others still had whitened shreds of decayed flesh sticking to them.
Later, you shall know it better.
He speaks your language too, for he is the grandson of a chieftain on Taui who made much magic and was strong and cunning.
At a nod from Songau, four lithe and muscular girls darted to Frayne's side and seized him by the arms.
Though I had a great dread of the island and felt I would never leave it alive, I eagerly wrote down everything she told me about its women.
"All men went away from here.
Benson looked up and saw Ramey's long head tilt forward to rub his chin on the stiff edge of the overall bib.
"You mean dream"?
"You seen him yet"?
Horsely, an agent on the east end, wore the hat, trying to look like a tourist.
"What outfit does she drive for"?
Benson said, and Ramey wondered how close their thoughts might have been.
"What does he want, a spoon"?
"He's dead, isn't he"?
Ramey looked down and saw the white sneaker at the bottom of the man's tanned leg cautiously nudge a bit of folded, blood-flecked substance lying by itself on the pavement.
The man seemed to sink a little as Ramey brought the tire iron down on his shoulder and it seemed that the blonde head was turning as he hit the man again, with his fist.
His arms hung like empty shirt sleeves, and his mouth was slightly open.
A woman's voice said, and then he heard a sort of wail from the man's wife.
Then she saw Ramey and her face was misshapen with bewilderment.
Some of the ruddiness was gone from his face and he stared at Ramey.
Then he calmly and carefully slugged the remaining five shots into the venomous head -- caught in the wicker back of the chair, the eyes dead on him as the life finally went out of the brute.
"Keith", said Penny, "Keith, you were wonderful.
"But knowing you, I know that you're glad to be alive, and grateful -- and sorry because I killed the snake, even though I had to.
Now, she just sat there looking at him, without an expression except concern for him.
You actually hate me -- and we both know it -- because I killed that filthy snake.
But Keith looked down more than up.
That was true, but only half the truth.
It took a long time before the British tipped the balance.
His hair was black, already greying at the temples in the classic beauty-idiom, the only one permitted to a man.
But there hadn't been enough time to build it for keeps.
Keith's eyes met Penny's as they stood there in this strange marriage of destruction.
He couldn't stop killing.
But there are big rogues in both countries.
and Robinson Roy, who had gone down this line ten minutes before to set a new depth record for the free dive, was already back on the surface.
So instead I come up".
"Well, I get it", Artie said, still on the ladder.
"I was expecting it, sure.
Nitrogen narcosis.
and yet like a child among adults.
"Why", he went on, "when Rob asked me if he could make his dive on this trip, I didn't think twice about it.
He was disturbed by what had happened on the dive and by what he remembered of a conversation he had had the night before with the German, who had come out of the head while he was fixing himself a drink in the galley.
"Rob tells me he's using your Atlantis equipment on the dive".
"But that's what he told me.
Waddell was not an eminently moral person, but he did not like what he had just heard.
"Well, damn", Waddell said.
Whatever you tell him he will dive.
"I am an honest man", the German said with fervor.
"I think maybe you're right, Schaffner", he said.
He had asked.
Folding between his hands the cross that hung from his neck, he took his appeal direct to Headquarters.
He waited awhile before he said, "Roy, you know your decompression table, don't you"?
As his feet slowed, he felt ashamed of the panic and resolved to make a stand.
He murmured to himself, with firmness: "No surrender".
The knife, an ammunition pouch, and a half-filled bottle of purified water hung on his belt.
Fresh on his mind were events of the past day when his whole regiment was destroyed in the hills.
Apprehensively he peered to the left, to the right into the leafy, vine-crisscrossed maze.
Humiliation made Matsuo tremble.
Before long the atmosphere reverted to its old normalcy, and insects hummed and birds occasionally called.
Hand grenades.
Reflex?
In the other: a wristwatch with broken crystal wrapped in a dirty handkerchief.
Matsuo put the bottle to his own lips.
So that had been his difficulty.
Matsuo took the small knife from its scabbard and laid it on the ground, out of the marine's reach and away from their shadows.
Strange.
The marine commenced to weep and it blighted the sense of enjoyment.
What now?
The man tilted back his head and went through the pantomime of drinking from a container.
One swallow was all he would have;
And when this was gone, he hadn't even a little bitter tablet to purify other water if he were to discover some stagnant jungle pool.
From the convulsive quivers of the man's shoulders it was plain he had resumed the weeping.
He straightened up, alert now as the buffalo hunter came closer.
"The kid has no manners, boys.
Somewhere at the far end of the room a voice yelled, "You all right, Billy"?
I've come for Pat Conyers'body".
Blue Throat, who had ruled the town with his six-shooter for the last six months, certainly had no intention of relinquishing his profitable dictatorship.
He called the store owner and together they went into the stockroom.
It was the abrupt end of Blue Throat's dictatorship in Petrie.
Led by Bill Doolin, these mobsters specialized in train robberies but as a sideline they looted stores and robbed banks, making liberal use of their guns.
"If I don't come out within half an hour ride back to town and bring out a posse".
And projecting wickedly through these curtains were the gleaming muzzles of six rifles, all trained on Billy Tilghman.
"Follow the river for five miles", he said hoarsely.
Leisurely he climbed on to the wagon next to Neal Brown.
Wiley Lynn, a self-styled prohibition officer, had hit town the previous day and had been drinking ever since.
And so when Miss Langford came to teach at the one-room Chestnut school, where Jack was a pupil in the eighth grade, the Woman of Jack's mind assumed the teacher's face and figure.
The first two or three days they went home early.
"I'll get her yet", he muttered to himself.
"Are you sick"?
Charles said, grinning, showing his huge yellow teeth.
A nude imaginary picture of Miss Langford flashed across Jack's mind.
She's been hangin'around me a lot here lately, and I figgered I might as well's try it.
"Oh, come on Miss Langford, play with us just onct", one of the little girls begged, smiling wistfully.
He asked Charles suspiciously as they sat in the well-house shade, watching the girls congregate in front of the schoolhouse.
Then when Miss Langford was on the end of the line of girls, Jack, in the middle of the line, gave an extra hard pull and the young teacher sprawled backwards, sitting down hard, her dress flying over her head.
One of the little girls said.
He had considered throwing erasers or flipping paperwads at someone or pulling the hair of the girl sitting in front of him, but he couldn't take a chance on either of these possibilities: the teacher probably would make him stand face-to-wall in a corner instead of stay in after school.
She munched little ginger cakes called mulatto's belly and kept her green, somewhat hypnotic eyes fixed on a light-colored male who was prancing wildly with a 5-foot king snake wrapped around his bronze neck.
The drummer flogged the gourd with frantic intensity as the dancers began the calinda, a sensual gyration which had long been a favorite of voodoo practitioners and their disciples in the Louisiana slave compounds.
He was gifted with animal magnetism and a potent allure for women of any race.
"My name is Dandy Brandon, missy.
"Aristide!
The coachman said softly.
He saw a pint-sized man with a graying spade beard and an unusually large head.
His room will be ready shortly".
When he finally left the sinister mansion on Perdido Street, he was carried out in a coroner's basket.
Convulsively, he spat up some blood and collapsed into the arms of Senator Gaston Berche, crimsoning the frilly shirt and waistcoat the politician wore.
Dr. Lalaurie and I didn't even know he was in the house until the night of our ball when he came down the stairs".
The excitement over Brandon's bizarre death abated and Madame Lalaurie's stock soared when she resumed her self-imposed chores of visiting the poor and bringing cakes and comfort to destitute patients in the county hospital.
"Bastards", he would say, "all I did was put a beat to that Vivaldi stuff, and the first chair clobbered me"!
Out and out and never to return again.
"Now that is a very nice, a very nice", he murmured to himself, back in his corner.
"We made it, Cappy", the chick said.
"That crap is softer over here".
Feathertop inquired, lounging against the freight's vibrating wall.
Feathertop was a connoisseur.
He's a nice guy".
"Where from"?
Certainly not, I mean, no that isn't what I said"!
He took out a small packet filled with bits of charcoal, a deep pot of thin metal, some sheets of newspaper, a book of matches and a wrinkled and many-times folded piece of tin foil with holes in it.
He ripped down the cellophane carefully, and laid three dogs on the tin foil.
But surprisingly, Kitty's face came up and she said, "My father.
It was all my fault.
He remembered Midge, and the child.
Ernie offered, taking the pint of sweet lucy from his jacket pocket.
The big man asked again, taking a step into the boxcar.
"I didn't know I was gonna have company in this car".
And carried him backward in a footballer's tackle.
Help him!
Filippo Rossi, that's what he was called in the old country;
With a tiny fur-piece wrapped around her shoulders, she wiggled her satin-covered buttocks down the street before him and didn't stop.
Just because she had a part on the stage in the old country, she thought she could carry her head higher than ours".
It had not questioned why.
It could have been Bari or Chieti for the way it smelled.
And the coffee shop on Drexel Street, where the men spent their evenings and Sundays playing cards, had a rose hedge beneath its window.
And the forked tongue of gossip licked its sinister way from back porch to back porch.
He was named Pompeii as a tribute to his heritage, and he couldn't have cared less about that either.
He could do that when he would be a man.
Her face showed no sign of having heard Pompeii.
Not even Laura.
The boy's fingers and mouth operated with the skilled unity of a bagpipe player, pressing and pulling, delighting in what he did.
He knew at a glance that the biggest sandals belonged to Niobe, the neatest ones to Concetta, and the laced ones to Romeo, Concetta's idiot brother.
Maggie couldn't seem to get her strength back or catch up with herself with all she had to do: there was the big basket of clothes to be coaxed through the rackety old washer and lugged out and lugged back;
"It would make me feel a lot better, but the Woman's Exchange isn't taking baked goods any more and I can't leave the baby with Grandma because she isn't strong enough and the baby's too young to be put in a nursery".
"I'm just thinking of a way for you to be sensible".
"You might set up a dress shop in the living room".
"Don't worry, I can get plenty more", Eugenia said, wondering where in the world she could.
It grew bitterly cold toward the end of November, contributing to the miseries of countless numbers of people.
The government offices were being opened but they weren't being opened fast enough and meanwhile the cold penetrated everything.
The Abernathy furnace consumed fuel like a giant ravenous maw that had to be appeased by hurling tons of coal into its evil red depths, and no matter how much coal they put in the house remained cold.
She said to Maggie that it was one thing to meet an emergency and another to wallow in it, and it was beginning to look at if this one was going to last forever.
Eugenia suspected her of deliberately overturning the heater because she was getting tired of dragging it back and forth and still wanted her own way, but Hope said if Grandma wouldn't have the heater nobody would have it, so Grandma had to give in.
Tolley had gone to live in California.
"What pictures"?
"Hurry, Frank!
But I'll be fair now!
He questioned God's taking time to telegraph the message, but he felt better about Kizzie, and he took the sealed envelope from its pigeonhole, wondering why he had preserved it.
But there were great satisfactions, even for a small man.
Mr. Robards laughed, said he'd feel a damn fool, plain-out couldn't do that even to please her.
He called her "the Mare" much as Mrs. Whipsnade spoke of "the Queen, God bless her".
Listening for hours to his laments that the war and "Mist Fair's" poverty afterwards had robbed the mare of many a racing triumph, and to his predictions of greatness for the procession of foals to come, Jenny could look forward to years of conflict with an animal who disliked her intensely and showed it.
There was something not nice about triplets, though their father seemed pleased, showing no disappointment that they hadn't been the son he wanted, saying, "You don't see triplets trippin'down the pike ever'day, Miss Jen, hon.
"Why don't you name him Jesus Christ!
Miss Kizzie had been right snippy ever since they were married, though you'd have thought a namesake would have brought her round.
"A swell party, send an invite to ever'body but them -- those folks you met at the Galt House, the ones I've got to know in this new Jockey Club affair, the whole dang neighborhood.
"See for yourself, Miss Zion.
She found herself wishing an old wish, that she had told Doaty she was running away, that she had left something more behind her than the loving, sorry note and her best garnet pin.
Mama had died before the corruption of the family circle, the interruption of Charles.
Impossible to imagine Adelia feeling so about anyone.
The garden below was lacy with dew and enchanting in its small wildness.
"Rummaging in the dew", said Rosa coldly.
On an impulse, she turned back and said good morning.
He regarded her with rising hope.
My dad did it, and he lived to a great age".
Ran away on a black night with a lawful wedded man.
Only, this old man's connivance was even less to her taste than Selma Cotter's open censure.
"He's got this idea about drying out"
I've got a day's work to do.
Henrietta looked down at her bouquet, still lively with its color and scent, and set her feet on their journey's way again, leaving the village street and crossing the first field, Folly dancing ahead of her.
The Momoyama family had come from Miyagi Prefecture, in the northeast of the main Japanese island of Honshu, where there are still traces of the mysterious Ainu strain.
Her mouth, soft and full, was something for any man to dream about.
Tommy was interested in psychiatry, because there was much an understanding nurse could do to help the patients.
He came through from the Fleet Bar, which was stag, with the ice cubes tinkling in a glass he carried.
"Harro, girl-san"!
You see, I thought -- I mean I really had no idea" --
It hadn't been this way in college, or in nurses'training;
For a steak sandwich, or "Kohi Futotsu"!
Tommy wouldn't know;
Eating while angry had given her a slight indigestion.
Actually, this is only another way of saying that blood is thicker than water.
He wisecracked about the captain's indoctrination of new men, took great delight in slaughtering cockroaches with ethyl chloride, and gave no thought for tomorrow.
A telephone line had been hooked up to connect the ship with the Base exchange.
He threw a smart salute at the gangway, went up the dock, and turned down the wide street in front of the Petty Officers'Club.
Wow.
When Owen was finally rid of him, there was a timid rap at the door.
"Our church is sponsoring a group of very courageous women up in Alaska.
"Have you ever tried to reason with an Eskimo"?
That she was out for a touch was certain, but when did she get to the pitch?
They travel in pairs as much as a hundred-and-fifty miles a day".
those bibles and prayer books make a lot of money for publishing houses, but they don't get top personnel.
it's such a big seller".
"I have no card", she said bitterly.
There was a check from his company, and the usual enthusiastic bulletins on new lines they always issued.
The way was opening up;
She sighed a dirty word and left.
"I keep all these plays in this little black book, and I watch over a twelve-hour period to find out what numbers are repeating.
I figure if I can get any kind of publicity campaign going, I'll land him on TV -- you know, one of those favorite horses for some Western hero.
it just seemed such a dry run.
"We're all going over to Lake Tahoe and try our luck at Cal-Neva", Buzz explained, still instigating.
A short platinum blonde in a bursting sun-suit addressed him.
"My name's Gisele", the blonde said after she ordered a Scotch.
Naval procedure, he thought, had its moments of grim humor.
He is the oldest and most experienced of the lot.
Who reported to you the disappearance of handspikes and heavers and who" --
Then, with disappointment evident upon their faces, they moved to the work.
Three days had passed since Spencer's arrest and each day had brought new dangers, new fears.
Do you not think these men might choose the black flag here and now"?
The instinct of discipline has been lost.
And when he was alone again in the cabin, Alexander lowered his head into his arms and wept, for he knew full well what must be done, what in the end would be done.
And Alexander sobbed like a girl for the dreams he had had, and he felt no shame.
The prisoners averted their eyes but not before he had glimpsed hatred and anger.
He leaned closer to Alexander, squinting up at him from the deck.
And in a sudden wave of painful clarity, Alexander recognized a kinship with Spencer.
The hazel eyes met Alexander's.
And though it was logical that a man who could plot mass murder would not hesitate to speak an untruth, still it was difficult to understand why Spencer spoke only for Cromwell.
A young man appeared out of a side alley and walked toward us with quick strides.
She smiled.
He nodded, clasping and unclasping his hands over his paunch, and flicked glances at me.
Rapping the stick against the desk.
One boy who rocked back and forth over his worn book had bright red hair and freckles.
I could not keep my eyes away from the boy with the red hair.
I rubbed my hands together.
I grinned at Rachel.
And I wasn't.
I said quietly, respectfully, "What did she do here?
For many immigrants, for many children, the first thing they knew of Israel and freedom was your mother.
Your mother wanted to bring children to Israel so that they could leave their ghettos.
"Trouble came into her life.
This refugee was a middle-aged man, a big, handsome man with a strut to his walk as I have never before seen.
She ran from a little group of us.
She said, "Reuveni wanted your mother to give up her deep interest in this refugee.
And she said that after this man had been dead for a week she had gone to Reuveni and accepted his proposal.
She was limp and beaten from her loss;
"Did I see him about to swing low in a chariot?
Just like the balloon would go up and you could sit all day and wish it would spring a leak or blow to hell up and burn and nothing like that would happen.
Because if you can't then nobody else can either, nobody else can have him.
You think: "Did he feel that way about me"?
Homes and factories and schools and a big wide federal highway, instead of peaceful corn to rest your eyes on while you tried to rest your heart, while you tried not to look at the balloon and the bandstand and the uniforms and the flash of the instruments.
He hit the theme about dying to defend your country, and you were ready to do it right then, without a second thought.
And the hours were six-thirty in the morning until eleven at night on Saturdays and during sales, and there were no chairs and you couldn't smoke and the cooling was overhead fans and there was no porter or janitor.
McKenzie, the art editor, took one look at my finished sketch and said, "Nothing doing, Rufus.
"That's authenticity", he said.
He also had, at times, an uncanny absent-minded air like a sleepwalker;
It was the kind of work I was doing, the quality of the ambition it awoke in me, that kept me from painting.
He was one of the most prominent magazine illustrators in America;
I asked.
One of these days, I'm going to organize a gigantic exhibition that will span everything that's being painted these days, from extreme abstract expressionism to extreme photorealism, and then you'll be able to see at a glance how much artists have in common with each other.
I nodded.
Askington laughed.
And that's the trouble with so many artists today.
A bunch of amateur dervishes!
Partly, it was because Pendleton himself wasn't what I anticipated.
"Why should Via have it"?
"No, thank you.
If I am not to be Mrs. Salter I am nothing".
And I went back to my own cottage to live my own little patch of life.
Dolly Engisch was waiting there on the steps and she came running toward us.
And after I brought them sandwiches and coffee I had to go back to my place in the kitchen and wait.
Then was it a final desperate plea from her, to whom?
That at last the vigilance, the will gives way?
At the time I was filled with self-pity at this separation, but in the years since I have come to understand that the sight of me was painful to them after that outcry.
She overplayed her hand".
She was finally at rest in truth, of her own proud free choice.
By the time we arrived and entered the building sacred music was already swelling out into the chapel-like auditorium with its discreet symbols of religious faiths.
I think I was what you might call a convivial man, and yet it was when I was alone in my studio, doing my work, that I really felt alive.
"Somehow I imagine that as you grew up you were alone a lot.
Where did you go to school"?
"I'm not trying to worry you".
She asked suddenly.
"Sam, no one around here wears such heavy soles.
"I don't mind at all", he said, delighted with her attention.
He let her tell him all about the church.
Aren't you going out to mass?
She would have been better off if she had stuck to her Bible.
It was the times, he was sure.
There's so little to do".
He didn't know how she would behave with other people.
Signora Ferraro, bobbing her head encouragingly, asked Sam about Canada, having a special interest.
A very great Pope, this one, the old woman explained, her black eyes sparkling.
Nodding approvingly and swelling with importance, the old lady whispered confidentially.
And Carla, watching in wonder, turned to Sam.
Going, he saw as often before some queer, hideous yellow face over his head, shining and weird like the old images which had invested him at other times like those that appear sometimes near the eyeballs when they are perhaps pressed by the thumbs.
Go back where you can bring no harm, or I will go and get the old man from his bed so he can see your shame"!
"They do not have to face battle.
He shouted.
Keep him back, if you must tell me what to do.
He sank back, sighing, and was soon asleep again.
Suddenly the lash stopped fighting the air and she heard Pile of Clouds say in his high, quavering voice:
He ranted and prophesied the doom of his enemies, walking in circles in and out of his living place, drinking stolen whisky in great, gasping draughts until finally, incoherent and sick, he fell into his own oblivion.
Yellow Wolf was there, nephew of the young chief by an older brother long dead, in whom also the disordered chemistries of youth worked.
And the suspicious, envenomed eyes of Pile of Clouds.
young chief stared at the wall of his lodge, listening.
but she found the path she always used, the stubs of branches she had broken, those she had pushed aside;
Only -- only -- her thoughts were a little strange.
George Rawlings remembered seeing the door open sometime during the night -- Millie, in a white robe, standing like a ghost at the threshold.
They had left both of his eyes uncovered.
Sam would be amazed to find him gone.
Strange, it was still running.
It was after seven o'clock.
"Is that you, Father?
I'm all set.
I'm just finishing breakfast.
She asked, in a way that seemed oddly sophisticated, considerate, and yet perhaps partly scornful.
"Not to anyone"?
I wouldn't have the strength to answer, he thought.
He could hardly believe he was getting in.
"I wish I didn't have to go back to school", she said, and then, "I wish you lived in New York.
"Yes, perhaps.
She asked him.
as he crossed through the courtyard he regretted it.
In the kitchenette the raw whiskey made him gasp.
Yes, sure, I'll see the doctor -- this evening, if you insist.
I won't be in town for a couple of days, though, and there's that case I was supposed to handle this afternoon.
A smile pulled at the lower strip of adhesive tape.
She lived alone in the older part of the city, in one of those renovated houses whose brick facade some early settler had constructed.
It was Jim's "little" sister Myra, the unreliable, irresponsible, forever flyaway, Myra.
"Not yet.
Myra appreciated nothing.
For an otherwise silent moment, Jim's keys jingled nervously in his pocket.
It was not that she disliked Cathy.
He went to the foot of the stairs and shouted up, fiercely, "Susan!
Jim turned back from the stairway and looked at her.
Susan looked like an overwhelmed baby nurse;
"Your father didn't mean it, Susan".
the last one had been a Lilliputian war.
its mate must be at home, silently guarding their nest.
For a moment, her mind returned again to the strange, flying world of birds, and she said to herself.
"Websterville Junction calling", she said.
"How was Cathy"?
she was not usually given to mysterious silences.
Then she jumped to her feet, the elastic phone cord uncoiling like a black snake.
Her hand tightened on the receiver.
Unlike Susan, she was traveling light;
Now they were in friendly territory.
He was a knight of the Round Table, "Sir Quintus the Brave", slaying evil spirits and banshees and vampires and witches with warty noses.
and when he woke up, his father was saying, "Stop screaming, Quint.
"How does he know?
Or, what was worse, she prayed for him out loud at bedtime: "Please, Lord Gord, please give my brother the strength to go swimming like he promised".
The wind bored a hole between his shoulder blades, and when he looked at the choppy waves coming and going and crossing each other he could see his head down there, bleeding, wedged between the rocks and the waves.
He snapped.
"Mister Big Britches, aren't you"?
"I don't smoke".
"Dingy-looking", was what she said.
"That's some dog.
"A what"?
They met next morning and all the mornings thereafter.
"Which continent"?
Quint smothered a yawn.
And "What time did the Chinaman go to the dentist?
"Either that or a veterinarian".
Thank you, Quint".
"We beseech thee, Lord Gord, to bless this food" -- that was Victoria saying grace while the baby sprayed raisin toast on her plastic bib.
Quint closed the screen door quietly so Maggie wouldn't be scared.
All of it together meant drowning.
And romantic?
John-and-Linda were at Longue Vue last night;
Some people said Linda had just announced the engagement to jolt John into some action, but when John came home from a business trip to Cleveland with Edythe, with Edythe his bride, it could no longer be John-and-Linda even to sentimental wishful thinkers.
She giggled during the ceremony, and Mousie Chandler, who was one of Linda's bridesmaids, said John glared black as death at her.
John's mother died not long after his marriage, and there was even less Cooper money left.
John did find the missing checks and money afterward, and the drive was actually oversubscribed, which was a real bit of luck for the missionaries.
Everyone held his or her breath.
There was no one who would blame her or John;
Bobbie had been head of the alloy division, while John was just another good salesman in the regular branch.
Linda dragooned her uncle, Donald Murkland, into a lunch the next day to find out what had happened.
"Bobbie will take the job as his just reward and work hard at it;
Such a nice little thing -- lives right in the building".
Her voice came shrill.
"Janice, could you possibly go over and make sure everything's all right?
Not for the dollar or so Nadine would give me.
She didn't look over thirteen.
There was a ragged edge to her voice now, as if she'd been crying.
I must have dozed off, because I came to with a start at the sound of voices.
Nadine strode over to him, and her pointed nails raked across his face.
I was plenty scared.
I clamped my hand over her mouth to stop the stream of filth.
It was three o'clock before I figured it was all right to go.
In the afternoon Nadine and Wally came over with Francie.
"And told him right to his face he'd never slept with a woman"!
Worst of all, Wally had no training for any kind of work.
Something I had simply never thought of.
"That isn't like you, Janice", Chris said uncomfortably.
Chris made trip after trip in our old car, moving the clothes and dishes and the stock of groceries Nadine had bought on special.
But the two weeks dragged into three, and they were still with us.
But this was only the middle of July.
And for the thousandth time, I answered myself.
But I mustn't start on Alice.
If she and Pete were really getting serious, I'd have to do some hard thinking.
When we'd finished our regular rounds, Pete pointed me toward the small ward at the end of the floor.
Alice But this woman's name was Rose Bancroft!
Although quiet when they brought her in, she'd suddenly turned violent and had to be knocked out.
Her voice was flat and dull.
Once again, there was a negative shake.
"I've got the results on the Bancroft smear test", he said.
"Groggins tells me she's started badgering already, wants to get out.
There was something almost insulting in her tone, but I disregarded it.
I was sure that was the difficulty -- she just didn't want to stay here, where she couldn't get to the liquor.
She went on, disregarding my protests.
"You haven't got cancer", I said as strongly as I could.
But you haven't changed much, Joe".
I'd found my voice.
You doctors are all alike -- all you want is to cut up people and what's the good?
the many little tricks she knew made her embrace the ultimate one -- the ever more fantastic pressures deeper in her body squeezed not me but the air I breathed into a nitrogen anesthetic.
It was no vacation, just me getting out after a bellyfull.
All the women were beautiful, and the men were equal to them;
She was blonde, and young, and nice and round in a tight white dress.
Now it was nine years later, and it wasn't spring but winter when I returned.
All that day and Monday I drank just enough to orbit but not make deep space.
I walked around breathing the cold wine of the air until I found a park, and I sat down on a snowy bench where the light was dim and came from the sky.
It gave her the right to sit down beside me, back straight, one hand out on the handle.
"I'm not unhappy", I lied, staring at the snow.
I even snorted a chuckle.
"I'm sorry I haven't got a glass", I said.
I liked her, and all at once I was glad she was there.
I felt wonderful, the absolute opposite of last night's melancholy.
With a laugh she beat me to the bathroom.
I used yours".
"You are very tactful, do you know, Stephen", she remarked.
I said with enthusiasm at the idea.
She understood sex anyway, and played at it well.
She would not stop to read them in American Express, as many were doing, sitting on benches or leaning against the walls, but pushed her way out into the street.
So here it was, here was Italy, anyway, and terribly noisy.
Marvelous, thought Theresa, climbing in her portly, well-bred way, for she was someone who had learned that if you only move slowly enough you have time to notice everything.
Presently, she picked up the first of the letters.
, across the envelope, and now Theresa had it, all as easily as if she had been the President of the Republic or the Pope.
His own children had suffered from the weakening of those values which he and Theresa had always taken for granted, and as for his grandchildren (he had one so far, still in diapers), he shuddered to think that the true meaning of character might never dawn on them at all.
He held his long clenched foot in both hands, and this and his contorted face -- he was trying heroically not to cry out -- made him look like a large skinny old monkey.
He was younger than Theresa: she remembered looking down and seeing his great round eyes, while at the same time she was dimly aware that her mother and father were not unamused.
The wallpaper in the back bedroom is literally crumbling off.
Just then a man approached her with a tray of cheap cameos, Parker fountain pens, rosaries, papal portraits.
The lady with the alligator bag registered interest, doubt, then indignation;
It would have been exactly the same to them if I had read through all twenty-six volumes of Elsie Dinsmore.
You can't keep that kind of information quiet in a town of only 4000-plus.
I asked him about it one night while we were sitting in his truck.
It was a vivid, sharp February morning that Johnnie first made his appearance in my back yard, bringing some stuff Dad had ordered.
But what could I do?
Against my folks'wishes, we'd been seeing each other for short rides in the truck.
"And smokes too much".
Please!
But then he had said, "All right, kid, if that's how you want it, that's how it'll be".
"Love me, Johnnie".
"Johnnie?
I had always resisted the passes made at me by other kids, and many times I had thought about my love for Johnnie who, being thirty, brought a maturity to love that the kids around town could know nothing about.
And if I could contribute to that, I'd do it.
After all, Lucille Warren was a husband-stealer from way back.
A chill wind in the air and the narrow streets packed with snow.
One of them was a very friendly, lovely fellow named Ronald, a boy about my age with slick, blond hair and dancing blue eyes.
"Alma, Schmalma.
But that was only natural, I decided;
He shrugged.
Then he remembered.
This vacation had seemed like a good idea last week, when his doctor had prescribed it.
He had loved and lost Vivian Wayne to somebody else, had watched her marry the somebody else, and had caught a bear of a cold by kissing the bride good-by forever, which was really piling it on.
"Fine, day after tomorrow", she added.
He could imagine her at this minute, honeymooning in Nassau with what's-his-name, lounging on golden sands, looking forward to a life of unalloyed bliss.
Said this note.
Must have really smelled up her sweater, he thought, and wondered idly just why she kept the sweater fast-frozen.
Eh"?
"So you said".
"I spoke to the fellow next door, too", she might say.
This weekend, he thought, he would look around for some more subdued retreat, with Cape roses, maybe, at the door.
Not that it was any of her business.
She sounded a little like a redhead.
Up on a dune, he saw a girl, all by herself, sitting on a camp stool before an easel and absorbed in her painting.
Use all the lotion you want, and for goodness'sake, stay in out of the sun for a couple of days".
Charlie spent the next two days in his pajama bottoms, waiting for the fire in his back to subside, and used generous quantities of the hand lotion.
Are you?
Then, in the fifth, Anniston's kid catcher caught onto a curve and smacked the ball into left center field.
He came into the bag with his body and Mike Deegan brought the ball down full in his face.
Phil Rossoff, coming in from left field, stopped at the water fountain for a drink.
Phil Rossoff said: "Why don't you leave him alone"?
The Anniston catcher was straddling home plate.
Then, quickly, and a little nervously, the doctor ordered a couple of ballplayers to carry the catcher into the dressing room.
The Anniston manager came right up to the dugout in front of Mike.
It was a cold and calculated look.
Somebody yelled from the Anniston bench.
"I'll be waiting"!
There was much shouting and screaming.
Mike went over to Phil and stood over him.
"I didn't ask you to fight for the ball club", Phil said slowly.
"I'm doing you a favor", Eddie said quickly.
"Listen!
Phil shook his head and Eddie frowned.
Dazed, Phil said: "I don't get it.
He did it because he knows for each guy he puts out of commission that's one less who might take his job away later on.
He was a little pale and shaky.
Frankie asked.
Then Frankie said: "What are you gonna do"?
Phil looked up.
"Springfield come in tomorrow"?
What else did Eddie have to say"?
Grinned his father.
She seemed to work to grow close to her son in the few days he spent at home, talking to him about some of the more pleasant moments of his childhood and then trying to talk to him about those things in which he alone was interested.
He stole from his cabin late that night and crept out into a gusty North Pacific wind and dropped the biwa into the water.
Have you ever been to Ryusenji"?
"He wasn't the least bit disturbed by my watching him", said Charlotte.
"I've heard about it", Samuel Burns said.
"And your golden god", said Samuel Burns, "probably went right home and poured himself into a boiling bath.
That night, after leaving Charlotte's apartment, Richard walked about for a time before returning to his room.
but the spirit he wished to call out would not, he knew, come in the person of the temple priest.
All of the elements of the experience were impossible and yet the reality of them was heavy upon him and he resolved never again to visit the temple at Fudomae.
I had never liked snakes much, I still had that kind of quick panic that I'd had as a child whenever I saw one, but this snake was clean and bright and very beautiful.
You beauty, I said, I couldn't kill you.
The color and beauty of it were strange and wonderful and somehow alien, too, in that dry and dusty and uncolored field.
It was no use.
He waited there and he smiled as the tractor came up, as he would smile on any other day.
"Did you do that"?
"Snakes are ugly", he said again.
"They're ugly and I hate them", the boy insisted.
I touched it and the coolness, the ice-feeling, was gone, and even then it moved a little, perhaps a tiny spasm of the dead muscles, and I hoped that it was truly dead, so that I would not have to kill it.
I said.
Cady didn't come unglued easily, but this had not been a day of glad tidings.
He wondered if he had played it wrong.
Good solid B average with a sprinkling of A's in math and science.
Height, 6'.
How do you tell a college like Hanford that your son has a vast potential, that he will find himself?
Then he met the grave eyes of his wife, Anne, from the photograph next to David's.
She never got on his back.
Tom slid open the door to the lobby.
Just fine".
He suddenly realized when he walked into his own pretty darned expensive house that he needed the Martini Anne had waiting for him.
Work to do".
The car?
Anne said it wasn't surprising because Charles was antisocial, a lone wolf, and completely one-sided.
"I didn't know I looked so dilapidated"!
"I know you wrote this in a hurry, but, Cady, Dave was only acting president of the student forum for a few days.
"A team is a team", insisted Cady.
"What do you suggest"?
He keeps the beat going.
He has to have leadership as well as grades".
For once Cady Partlow wished Anne would yell at him so he could yell back.
Give him time".
Lying awake at night, he could see them, laid out on the floor of his mind.
Her hair was the color of those blooms which in seed catalogues are referred to as "black", but since no flower is actually without color contain always a hint of grape or purple or blue -- he wanted to draw the broad patina of hair through his fingers, searching it slowly for a trace of veining which might reveal its true shade beneath the darkness.
They had left themselves too much to discover.
It was almost too easy.
She'll rush to the bedroom when the doorbell rings.
With the most casual and relaxed manner in the world, Dolores led Anthea to the bedroom.
Martin realized, later on, that he should have "had it out" with Dolores that night.
There was something about private feminine whisperings which always made him feel scabrous and unclean.
But his resolution hardly seemed to help.
Quite a few laughed.
she let the interpretation stand.
In his moments of worst agony, Martin imagined what his friends were saying.
He was trapped.
Furthermore, he could go on repeating the maneuver endlessly: every time he went in the bedroom, he could drop a slip or a brassiere, or maybe a girdle, next to his shorts.
He sat down on the bed.
He left for work in high spirits.
How did he start on such a ride to brief glory?
Another factor must have been the eventual disposal of Willis'fortune;
At that point William came into the picture.
I think Adam Herberet is guilty of being too hopeful and better informed on defense financing than on the technical side.
He assures me he has people to handle the money raising, and Ham Richert, my lawyer, says the legal aspects of the wedding of Zenith and Allstates are no problem.
I'm most grateful to you, so grateful I wish you were my principal aide instead of Freddy".
Confronted by a grim future, Freddy lost his nerve and plumped for a drastic liquidation.
Then he caught fire.
I can't guarantee you a sympathetic audience".
"I rather like the music", Willis replied quietly.
"I don't enjoy family quarrels", Adam said.
We've all been rich and spoiled long enough to hate the machine age.
"Nobody will underwrite it, I'm telling you", Freddy said.
Heads instinctively turned in Willis'direction.
"Hello, boss", he said, and grinned.
At the moment, Barco's back was to the road so he didn't see the detectives close in on his convertible which, in their quest for the stolen lap rug, they proceeded to search.
Then it was that District Attorney Welch entered the case.
At first Barco was evasive and shifty.
Then, for the first time since his arrest, a glint of spirit lit Barco's eyes.
For indeed it seemed incredible that anyone could go on committing murder for ten years and not get caught at it, even in Hollywood.
With greater precision he again paced off a location, this time a little more to the left.
His elation grew as Barco's seven disclosures brought to light one reward after another.
He was bitter and resentful toward her, personally resentful.
while projecting from beneath the couch were a pair of feet which, as Fate would have it, belonged to District Attorney Welch.
During these first days of the trial I didn't have as much time to commiserate with Viola as I should have liked.
But at long last came a time when I broke away from Mother and her society "chi-chi" in order to spend a cosy evening with Viola and her chaperon at her home.
No matter if your children are at the movies, in school, visiting their grandmother, or on a field trip in some distant city, they will be upon you magically within seconds after you pick up the phone.
Resolving to get something done, I started in on the dishes.
They were "personalities".
everyone was very high on Rome that year.
Fran flaunted her independence by rebelling against the Catatonia uniform of Bermuda shorts and knee-length socks by wearing Bermuda shorts and knee-length socks in colors;
I wouldn't have wasted time puzzling over this couple were it not for my fear that all the other inhabitants of Catatonia were equally unreal.
After five minutes with Blanche, one might welcome the astringency of Grazie, who was a sort of Gwen Cafritz to Francesca's Perle Mesta.
I couldn't tell one from the other.
These boys acknowledged an introduction to anybody by gently pressing one of his hands in both of theirs, while they gazed, misty-eyed with care, into the eyes of the person they were meeting.
who were more ingratiating than gracious, more personalities than persons.
"They're not dessert!
How dared they demand to "snoop" in private financial records, disbursements, confidential contracts and agreements?
Presidential coercion had succeeded not only in poisoning the courtiers, "toadies" and sycophants of the "bench" against me, but it had been so far-reaching as to discourage any lawyer in the nation from representing me!
Not only were the court costs prohibitive, but I was subjected to crippling fines, in addition to usurious interest on the unpaid "debts" which the government claimed that Metronome and I owed -- a severe financial blow.
Having (through my unflagging effort and devotion) achieved stardom, a fortune and a world-renowned wife at an age when most young men are casting their first vote, Letch proceeded to neglect them all.
Having the deepest of maternal instincts, my heart fairly bled when I thought of the darling pink and white "bundles from heaven" I would have proudly given my husband.
The times I can recall when I was publicly humiliated by him -- lovely dinner parties in our Trianon Suite where the collation was postponed and postponed and postponed, only to be served dry and overcooked at a table where the host's chair was vacant;
And did he appreciate my efforts on his behalf?
Only George Santayana seemed to understand and appreciate the film when he wrote: "Miss Poitrine has perpetrated the most eloquent argument for the Protestant faith yet unleashed by Hollywood".
It was a "potboiler" made on a "shoestring" and not the sort of film I like, as all I had to do was look blank and scream a great deal.
"I can't turn the studio into a gambling hell or a saloon", I said.
Dogs did something to one's ego.
Was it possible that as people grow older the nature of time changed?
They could be done or left undone and nobody really gave a damn.
He also bought a huge square of pegboard for hanging up his tools, and lumber for his workbench, sandpaper and glue and assorted nails, levels and T squares and plumb lines and several gadgets that he had no idea how to use or what they were for.
He had made such a fuss about buying that second car that he knew he was vulnerable.
But then, when you stuck things into the holes, why didn't they come right out again?
Then at least he would have a place to hang his tools and something to work on.
Carpenters all wanted steady work and at the moment every mother's son for twenty miles around that could hammer nails for twenty-five dollars a day was working on the school job.
Mr. Blatz agreed that this would be pretty.
Instead of being depressed by this news, Mr. Crombie was actually relieved.
"Oh, that's wonderful", cried Mrs. Crombie.
Nothing in English has been ridiculed as much as the ambiguous use of words, unless it be the ambiguous use of sentences.
Such ambiguous exercises compound confusion by making it worse compounded, and they are sometimes expanded until the cream of the jest sours.
Similarly, when a reporter once questioned Lincoln in cryptic fashion, Lincoln refused to make any further statement.
Now can you tell me who was drunk -- The man, his wife, or me"?
Journalism supplies us with an endless run of such slips.
A weekly newspaper reported a local romance: "and the couple were married last Saturday, thus ending a friendship which began in their schooldays".
In news items a man is less often shot in the body or head than in the suburbs.
After a moment of thought, her mind cleared and, in the interest of clarity, she typed into the record: "Shot in the woods".
The puzzled saleslady inquired, "How large is your house, Madam"?
The girl nodded understandingly.
"Dearly beloved", he preached, "unless you repent of your sins in a measure, and become converted to a degree, you will, I regret to say, be damned to a more or less extent".
He asked.
"Oh", said the woman, "I've seen that picture already".
Another less ambiguous case read as follows: "The bearer of this letter has served me for two years to his complete satisfaction.
I called the other afternoon on my old friend, Graves Moreland, the Anglo-American literary critic -- his mother was born in Ohio -- who lives alone in a fairy-tale cottage on the Upson Downs, raising hell and peacocks, the former only when the venerable gentleman becomes an angry old man about the state of literature or something else that is dwindling and diminishing, such as human stature, hope, and humor.
We now have not only what has been called over here the comedy of menace but we also have horror jokes, magazines known as Horror Comics, and sick comedians.
"I'll try", I said, and sat for a moment thinking.
"I am told that in America you have non-books by non-writers, brought out by non-publishers for non-readers.
"I know what you mean", Moreland sighed.
When it was worn in the breast, or even on the sleeve, we at least knew where it was".
"But you must have heard it said that the drawing-room disappeared forever with the somnolent years of James and the antic heyday of Coward.
and frightening, as when a wife tells the police that it is funny, but her husband hasn't been home for two days and nights".
"Is it true that you believe the other animals are saner than the human species"?
"You think the Russians are getting ahead of us in comedy"?
Moreland asked.
"Now we are leaving humor and comedy behind again", Moreland protested.
"Great satire has always been clearly written and readily understandable", I said.
The policeman's eyes rather popped for a second;
and so they were consistently true to their principles.
They had protested that that wasn't any surprise.
Just long enough to make you feel important.
She made General Burnside's horse's belly do so funny when it was upside down.
His legs shook, and the shaking went right on up his body through his hips to his shoulders.
He was the funniest man.
And Arlene showed them how to begin.
"It's perfectly understandable, Arlene", my mother said in a friendly way.
Her upper lip lifted slightly.
Actually, it was inaudible to anyone not expecting it.
Was it an omen?
A friend of my father's came to dinner.
The children loathed him, too.
"We go to the park with this nice lady", one of them said.
"We don't".
This nettled the children into the revelation of exact truth, a sacrifice of their secret superiority over grown people, but a victory in the wide fields of perpetration and illegitimate accomplishment.
She was rollickingly happy.
Suddenly, a messenger arrives and, just before collapsing dead at his feet, informs him that the Saracens have invaded Silesia, the home province of his affianced.
The Dharma Dictionary, a list of highly unusual terms used in connection with Eurasian proto-senility cults.
As we find out at the end, it is not the stool (symbolizing Doris, therefore the English) that he is punishing but the piece of Venetian blind.
Not only was Haumd's intonation and phrasing without flaw, but he seemed to take every tonal eccentricity in stride.
Leaving the theatre after the performance, I had a flash of intuition that life, after all (as Rilke said), is just a search for the nonexistent cup of hot coffee, and that this unpretentious, moving, clever, bitter slice of life was the greatest thing to happen to the American theatre since Brooks Atkinson retired.
In this country, the two guiding lights are, without doubt, Felix Fing and Anna Pulova.
And it is thought by many who think about such things that Quasimodo is the logical culmination of a school that started with Monet, progressed through Kandinsky and the cubist Picasso, and blossomed just recently in Pollock and De Kooning.
i.e., burglars who rob while the tenants are absent, in contrast to hot-slough prowlers, those who work while the occupants are home.
Hastening to the attic, the temperature of which was easily hotter than the Gold Coast, you proceeded to mask the windows with a fancy wool coverlet, some khaki pants, and the like, and to ransack the innumerable boxes and barrels stored there.
In time, these minor manifestations will multiply and effloresce, riddling you with frambesia, the king's evil, sheep rot, and clonic spasm, until your very existence becomes a burden and you cry out for release.
Hell's own amount of chaulmoogra oil did nothing to alleviate their torment;
But it is the wooden sculpture from Bali, the one representing two men with their heads bent backward and their bodies interlaced by a fish, that I particularly call to your attention.
Now, you no doubt regard the preceding as pap;
sometimes he would be up before dawn, clad as a garbage collector and hurling pails into areaways to exasperate us, and thereafter would hurry to the Bronx Zoo to grimace at the lions and press cigar butts against their paws.
he had aged thirty years, and his face, the color of tallow, was crisscrossed with wrinkles, as though it had been wrapped in chicken wire.
"See that guy"?
Compassionately yours,
