It recommended that Fulton legislators act "to have these laws studied and revised to the end of modernizing and improving them".
The jurors said they realize "a proportionate distribution of these funds might disable this program in our less populous counties".
On other matters, the jury recommended that: (1)
The petition listed the mayor's occupation as "attorney" and his age as 71.
Robert Snodgrass, state GOP chairman, said a meeting held Tuesday night in Blue Ridge brought enthusiastic responses from the audience.
He will be succeeded by Rob Ledford of Gainesville, who has been an assistant more than three years.
A revolving fund
A veteran Jackson County legislator will ask the Georgia House Monday to back federal aid to education, something it has consistently opposed in the past.
Ordinary Carey Williams, armed with a pistol, stood by at the polls to insure order.
Sheriff Felix Tabb said the ordinary apparently made good his promise.
It permits the state to take over bank accounts, stocks and other personal property of persons missing for seven years or more.
Austin, Texas
"But I believe if people were better informed on this question, most of them would oppose it also.
Money for its construction will be sought later on but in the meantime the State Hospital board can accept gifts and donations of a site.
-- State representatives decided Thursday against taking a poll on what kind of taxes Texans would prefer to pay.
When the shouting ended, the bill passed, 114 to 4, sending it to the Senate, where a similar proposal is being sponsored by Sen. George Parkhouse of Dallas.
-- A Houston teacher, now serving in the Legislature, proposed Thursday a law reducing the time spent learning "educational methods".
Dr. Clark will succeed Dr. J. R. McLemore, who will retire at the close of the present school term.
The report, culminating a year long study of the ADC program in Cook county by a New York City welfare consulting firm, listed 10 long range recommendations designed to reduce the soaring ADC case load.
Research projects as soon as possible on the causes and prevention of dependency and illegitimacy.
"Yes, your honor", replied Bellows.
The last 10 cases in the investigation of the Nov. 8 election were dismissed yesterday by Acting Judge John M. Karns, who charged that the prosecution obtained evidence "by unfair and fundamentally illegal means".
Karns said it was a "wrongful act" for Wexler to take statements "privately and outside of the grand jury room".
After reading his statement discharging the 23d ward case, Karns told Wexler that if the seven cases scheduled for trial also involved persons who had been subpenaed, he would dismiss them.
Similar payroll tax boosts would be imposed on those under the railroad retirement system.
2
"This is a very modest proposal cut to meet absolutely essential needs", he said, "and with sufficient'deductible'requirements to discourage any malingering or unnecessary overcrowding of our hospitals.
Contributions to schools
In the child health field, the President said he will recommend later an increase in funds for programs under the children's bureau.
Legislators who last year opposed placing aged-care under the social security system criticized the President's plan.
In the last eight years, all Presidential appointments, including those of cabinet rank, have been denied immediate action because of a Senate rule requiring at least a 24 hour delay after they are reported to the floor.
In the case of Portugal, which a few weeks ago was rumored ready to walk out of the NATO Council should critics of its Angola policy prove harsh, there has been a noticeable relaxation of tension.
The impression has nevertheless been given during these three days, despite Mr. Rusk's personal popularity, that the United States delegation came to Oslo in a somewhat tentative and exploratory frame of mind, more ready to listen and learn than to enunciate firm policy on a global scale with detailed application to individual danger spots.
The Kennedy administration moves haltingly toward a Geneva conference on Laos just as serious debate over its foreign policy erupts for the first time.
Its spokesmen insist that there has not been time enough to institute reforms in military and economic aid policies in the critical areas.
But he further said that it was better politics to let others question the wisdom of administration policies first.
Aid plans revamped
SEATO was steamed up and prepared contingency plans for coping with the military losses in Laos.
He declared on March 25 that the United States had erred a year and a half ago by "encouraging the removal" of Prince Souvanna.
Among arrests reported by the Federal Bureau of Investigation in 1959, about half for burglary and larceny involved persons under 18 years of age.
Along with a director, the city should provide a CD headquarters so that pertinent information about the local organization would be centralized.
Such vital information, he said, has to be made available to the public frequently and at regular intervals for residents to know.
While the city council suggested that the Legislative Council might perform the review, Mr. Notte said that instead he will take up the matter with Atty. Gen. J. Joseph Nugent to get "the benefit of his views".
The small shops "must be retained, for they provide essential service to the community", according to the resolution, which added that they "also are the source of livelihood for thousands of our neighbors".
Some of my fellow workers were grooming me for an office in the Socialist Party.
William A. Martinelli, chairman of the Citizens Group of Johnston, transferred the petitions from his left hand to his right hand after the council voted to accept them at the suggestion of Council President Raymond Fortin Sr.
"After inspiring this, I think we should certainly follow through on it", he declared.
Council president Frank SanAntonio said yesterday he may ask the council to formally request Town Solicitor Michael A. Abatuno to draft the ordinance.
Hughes said Monday, "It is the apparent intention of the Republican Party to campaign on the carcass of what they call Eisenhower Republicanism, but the heart stopped beating and the lifeblood congealed after Eisenhower retired.
"He is wrong to inject Eisenhower into this campaign", he said, "because the primary is being waged on state issues and I will not be forced into re-arguing an old national campaign".
He said Mitchell is against the centralization of government in Washington but looks to the Kennedy Administration for aid to meet New Jersey school and transportation crises.
Sees Jones ahead
Sandman announced the appointment of Mrs. Harriet Copeland Greenfield of 330 Woodland Ave., Westfield, as state chairman of the Republican Women for Jones Committee.
Jim Sheeran fits that description".
Boonton
But I shall campaign on the Meyner record to meet the needs of the years ahead".
The other $15 million is to be alloted to municipalities on a matching fund basis.
There may be other 1961 state committee retirements come April 18, but they will be leaving by choice of the Republican voters.
Some Democratic district and county leaders are reported trying to induce State Controller Arthur Levitt of Brooklyn to oppose Mr. Wagner for the Mayoral nomination in the Sept. 7 Democratic primary.
But Mr. Buckley seems to have assumed he would be given the right to pick Mr. Gerosa's successor.
There is a tangible feeling in the air of revulsion toward politics.
And the election of President Kennedy has attracted new attention to the ethical climate of his home state.
It is expected to be reported out Tuesday, but this is a little uncertain.
Three groups to meet
Interviews with several church leaders have disclosed that this development has raised the question whether the Peace Corps will be able to prevent confusion for church and state over methods, means and goals.
The hotel owner shrugged.
The Soviet Union and other members of the Communist bloc are rapidly expanding their economic, technical and military assistance to the uncommitted nations.
The report was completed after nearly eighteen months of work on the question of the organization of the United Nations.
Prince Souvanna Phouma, leader of the nation's neutralists and recognized as Premier by the Communist bloc, and Prince Souphanouvong, head of the pro-Communist Pathet Lao forces.
The three Laotians agreed upon a six-point agenda for their talks, which are to last three days.
Before entering the service, Pfaff for five years did clerical work with a general merchandising and wholesale firm in New Orleans.
Of course, 1600 Pennsylvania, the White House, is the most famous address of the free world.
Many spectators will be occupying seats and vantage points bordering Lafayette Square, opposite the White House.
Division six will be headed by the Coast Guard, followed by the reserve forces of all services, five states, Puerto Rico, the Virgin Islands, Guam, American Samoa, the trust territories and the Canal Zone.
There are many who predict that should Barnett decide to call the Legislature back into special session, it will really throw his administration into a scramble.
Split badly during the recent presidential election into almost equally divided camps of party loyalists and independents, the Democratic party in Mississippi is currently a wreck.
But it might give way shortly to another vexing issue -- that of finances in state government.
If it fails to pass, he can throw up his hands and say the Legislature would not support him in his efforts to prevent integration.
It is difficult to be certain how the administration views that $28 million, since the views of one leader may not be the same as the views of another one.
But if all alternatives should be clearly blocked off, it can be expected the Davis administration will take steps to trim spending at the spring session of the state Legislature.
The Controller's charge of rigging was the latest development in an investigation which also brought these disclosures Tuesday:
Business relations between the companies and city have been under investigation by Hemphill and District Attorney James C. Crumlish, Jr.
Hemphill said the Hughes concern contracted to do the repairs at a cost of $500 for each joint.
Douglas M. Pratt, president of the PTC, who attended the meeting, said the transit company is reviewing the work on the El.
The ordinance would increase the fee for rooming houses, hotels and multi-family dwellings to $5 a room.
In reply, Deputy Police Commissioner Howard R. Leary said that the city spends more than $115,000 annually to license and regulate dogs but collects only $43,000 in fees.
He was caught driving the day after the sentence was pronounced and given a warning.
The second agreement permits the authority to sell a 520-acre tract west of Stage 1 Residential to Philadelphia Builders Eastwick Corp., a firm composed of 10 Philadelphia area builders, which is interested in developing part of the project.
He was in Baptist Memorial hospital.
It was first believed the bomb was rigged to the car's starter.
Ankara, Turkey, Oct. 24 (AP)
Ierulli, 29, has been practicing in Portland since November, 1959.
Martin called for patience on the part of Americans.
But there seemed to be some difference of opinion as to how far the board should go, and whose advice it should follow.
The board said it thought it had gone as far as instructed so far and asked for more information to be brought at the next meeting.
A bond issue which would have provided some $3.5 million for construction of the two 900-student schools was defeated by district voters in January.
Polls will be in the water office.
New point added
-- His bodily resurrection from the dead
This means that more than 100 million have no vital touch with the church or religious life", he told delegates Friday.
"The church's ability to change her methods is going to determine her ability to meet the challenge of this hour".
Proof lack charged
A two-run homer by Norm Siebern and a solo blast by Bill Tuttle tied the game, and single runs in the eighth and ninth gave the Athletics their fifth victory in eight starts.
The Birds got five hits and all three of their runs off Kunkel before Hartman took over in the top of the fourth.
The Flock added a pair of tallies in the third on three straight hits after two were out.
It was ruled a difficult chance and a hit.
The 6-foot 3-inch Hansen checked in close to 200 pounds, 15 pounds lighter than his reporting weight last spring.
Ryne Duren and Roland Sheldon, a rookie righthander who posted a 15-1 record last year for the Yanks'Auburn (N.Y.) farm club of the Class-D New York-Pennsylvania League, are the probable rival pitchers.
Just before game time, Robinson's pretty wife, Connie informed him that an addition to the family can be expected late next summer.
Toying with her field in the early stages, Garden Fresh was asked for top speed only in the stretch by Jockey Philip Grimm and won by a length and a half in 1.24 3-5 for the 7 furlongs.
Kerr, who set the world record earlier this month in New York with a clocking of 1.09.3, wiped out Mills's early pace and beat the young Big 10 quarter-mile king by 5 yards.
Waters injured his left knee in the last game of the 1960 season.
He ran his string of successful conversions this season to 13 straight before one went astray last Saturday night in the 41-8 slaughter of Washington State.
"I kicked about 110 extra points in 135 tries during three years in high school", he said, "and made 26 in a row at one time.
Practice helps you to get your timing down.
Wingback Jack Collins injured a knee in the Washington State game but insists he'll be ready for Oklahoma.
We needed it and we got it".
"He timed it just right and broke through there before the boy (halfback Terry Isaacson) had time to turn around.
Rice has not played since injuring a knee in the opener with Maryland.
The Texas Aggies got a day off Monday -- a special gift from Coach Jim Myers for its conference victory last Saturday night, but Myers announced that halfback George Hargett, shaken up in the Tech game, would not play against Trinity Saturday.
"Our interior line and out linebackers played exceptionally well", said Stram Monday after he and his staff reviewed movies of the game.
"That permitted us to start controlling the ball right away", said Stram, quipping, "I think I'll put that play in the book".
It was Nischwitz'third straight victory of the new season and ran the Grizzlies'winning streak to four straight.
Nischwitz was working on a 3-hitter when the Indians bunched three of their eight hits for two runs in the sixth.
Mary Dobbs Tuttle was back at the organ.
It was Gardner's second run batted in of the game and his only ones of the year.
"I know when my reflexes are gone and I'm not going to be any 25th man on the ball club".
But Jackie had gone into the station.
Suddenly my reflexes are gone.
Spahn not only is a superior pitcher but a gentlemanly fine fellow, a ball player's ball player, as they say in the trade.
In four of his nine previous seasons Mays hit as many as 25 home runs and stole as many as 25 bases.
There are two more Sunday afternoons when the situation will arise.
The crowd of 32,589 had only two chances to applaud.
The appointment was announced at a news conference at which Skorich said he would retain two members of Shaw's staff -- Jerry Williams and Charlie Gauer.
Skorich, however, is a strong advocate of a balanced attack -- split between running and passing.
At a ceremony in the reception room of Mayor Richardson Dilworth, the Eagles were honored for winning the championship.
Show follows ceremonies
Flushing stadium in works
He was the lawyer for Ted Collins'old Boston Yankees in the National Football League.
The principal speaker will be Senator Stuart Symington, Democrat of Missouri.
It was neither a spirit of self-sacrifice nor a yen to encourage the downtrodden that motivated Arnold.
"It is possible that I over-corrected", he said ruefully.
Asked Willie at one stage of his excavation project.
A spectator picked up the ball and handed it to a small boy, who dropped this suddenly hot potato in a very playable lie.
Ruling from on high
Until a few weeks ago, however, Arnold Palmer was some god-like creature who had nothing in common with the duffers.
"Pittsburgh definitely is the team to beat", Mauch said here the other day.
After Thursday's open date, Solly plans to open with Larry Jackson against the Cubs here Friday night.
"Bill White (sore ankles) should be ready.
and Bob Skinner
On last May 1, the Cardinals stood at 7-6, ending a two-season fall-off on that milestone.
They honored the battling Billikens last night.
Kieffer, the only junior in the group, was commended for his ability to hit in the clutch, as well as his all-round excellent play.
On the clock given him was the inscription, "For Outstanding Contribution to Billiken Basketball, 1960-61".
The game opened a busy week for Washington.
His best years were 1954 when he hit with 41 homers and'55 when he belted 51 home runs, drove in 127 and stole 24 bases.
Stengel probably preached too much in the early days when the kid wanted to pop his bubble gum and sow his oats.
Only the families and a dozen close friends will be present.
Their mother is Mrs. Camilla Alsop Wendell.
Her husband recently was appointed vice president of the university, bringing them back here from the east.
The Chicago Press club will fete George E. Barnes, president of the United States Lawn Tennis association, at a cocktail party and buffet supper beginning at 5:30 p.m. tomorrow.
Then Japan, Hong Kong, Manila, India, Pakistan, Damascus, Beirut, and to Rome, London, and Paris "to look over wonderful talent".
He is Aldo Rostagno, son of the Guglielmo Rostagnos of Florence whom the Burkes met last year in Europe.
Lyon around: Columnist Walter Winchell, well and rat-a-tat-tatty again, wheeled thru town between trains yesterday en route to his Phoenix, Ariz., rancho, portable typewriter in hand.
Johnny Ray, at the same L. R., has something to cry about.
So, if anybody solicits by phone, make sure you mail the dough to the above.
Emcee Jack Herbert insists Dick Nixon's campaign slogan for governor of California is, "Knight Must Fall"!
More: On the free world side.
William keeps up with our town's doings daily, via the Tribune, and he tells me he never misses the Ticker.
Mrs. J. Edward Hackstaff and Mrs. Paul Luette are planning a luncheon next week in honor of Mrs. J. Clinton Bowman, who celebrates her birthday on Tuesday.
Mr. and Mrs. Piero De Luise will honor Italian Consul and Mrs. Emilio Bassi at a cocktail party Tuesday, May 2, from 6 to 8 p.m. in their home.
Mrs. Roger Mead is head of the luncheon table decorations.
Her position covers a number of daily tasks common to any social director.
In addition to the tickets to the movies, sporting events and concerts, Mrs. Marr lines up candy and cookies because alcoholics require a lot of sweets to replace the sugar in their system.
The land lies ready for the coming onslaught.
Innumerable motels from Tucson to New York boast swimming pools ("swim at your own risk" is the hospitable sign poised at the brink of most pools).
The bridegroom is the son of Mrs. James Baines of Los Angeles, Calif., and Carl E. Howard of Santa Monica, Calif.
She wore a court-length gown of organdy designed with bateau neckline and princesse skirt accented by lace appliques.
The Rev. Melvin Carter officiated at the ceremony in Slaughter Chapel of the First Baptist Church.
The women have a reputation for giving parties that are different and are fun and this year's promises to follow in this fine tradition.
"New Orleans"?
The gala is the Thrift Shop's annual bundle party and, as all Thrift Shop friends know, that means the admission is a bundle of used clothing in good condition, contributions of household equipment, bric-a-brac and such to stock the shelves at the shop's headquarters at 1213 Walnut St.
In the past few years the men, mostly husbands of members, have taken an interest.
Besides the bundle centers where contributions may be made there will be facilities at Philmont Country Club for those who would like to bring the bundles on the night of the party.
The boys love it".
Mr. Shoettle has agreed to do a portrait of the family of the person who wins the door prize.
Mrs. A. Voorhees Anderson entertained at a luncheon at her home, on Monday.
Cmdr. Warren Taylor, USN., and Mrs. Taylor, of E. Greenwich, R. I., will have with them for the Easter holidays the latter's parents, Mr. and Mrs. John B. Walbridge, of Drexel Hill.
Their Majesties, The Queen of Carnival and The Queen of Comus, have jointly issued invitations for Shrove Tuesday evening at midnight at which time they will entertain in the grand ballroom of a downtown hotel following the balls of Rex and Comus.
Mrs. Clayton Nairne, whose daughter, was among the court maids, chose a deep greenish blue lace gown.
A flat reduction of 10 per cent in the salary of all officers, supervisors and other employees not belonging to unions.
The victim was beaten when he attempted to stop the bandit.
Police said the children's mother, Mrs. Eleanor Somerville, was visiting next door when the fire occurred.
I'll write what you tell me to".
Barber summoned
Mr. Werner said yesterday that operations continued through the week.
automatic rifle, according to Capt. Elmer Hagner, chief of Anne Arundel detectives.
Trooper J. A. Grzesiak spotted the wanted car, with three boys, at a Route 2 service station, just outside Annapolis.
Mr. Simpkins made a name for himself as a member of the House of Delegates from 1951 through 1958.
residential at $278,877,000, up 12 per cent;
Sixty-seven living units are being added to the 165-unit Harbor View Apartments in the Cherry Hill section.
It is a killer sub -- that is, a hunter of enemy subs.
Flashed to Moscow
"I am not prepared to grant bail to any of them", said the magistrate, K.J.P. Baraclough.
But just before luncheon today the fact was announced grimly by the British navy's chief adviser to the cabinet on underwater warfare, Capt. George Symonds.
With the machinery went a complete design for the hull.
The Skipjack became the fastest submarine ever built.
Oddly, the calls were still heard 11 days after the five were arrested.
No comments by U.S.
Robinson told Policemen James Jones and Morgan Lloyd of the Wabash Avenue district that 10 youths boarded his south bound express bus in front of Dunbar Vocational High School, 30th Street and South Park Way, and began "skylarking".
Stickney is a salesman for Plee-Zing, Inc., 2544 Green Bay Rd., Evanston, a food brokerage and grocery chain firm, of which his father, William L. Jr., is president.
Mrs. Hengesbach was killed on Aug. 31, 1958.
However, the confession, which was the only evidence against him, was retracted before the trial.
She said the jurors agreed that Pohl's confession was valid.
The mother and daughter, who will be buried side by side in Mt. Olivet Cemetery, rested together today in closed caskets at the Lyle Elliott Funeral Home, 31730 Mound, Warren.
Kowalski, a roofer who seldom worked last winter, already was in arrears on their recently purchased split-level home when the tragedy staggered him with medical and funeral bills.
Funds from dances
An alert 10-year-old safety patrol boy was congratulated by police today for his part in obtaining a reckless driving conviction against a youthful motorist.
The jail sentence is to begin the day after Sarkees graduates from Eastern High School in June.
He indicated that requests would be made for more U.S. arms and more U.S. military advisers.
-- Two Americans and seven Cubans were executed by firing squads today as Castro military tribunals began decreeing the death penalty for captured invasion forces and suspected collaborators.
Among them were a number of newsmen, including Henry Raymont, of United Press International, and Robert Berrellez, of Associated Press.
"Emory could not continue to operate according to its present standards as an institution of higher learning, of true university grade, and meet its financial obligations, without the tax-exemption privileges which are available to it only so long as it conforms to the aforementioned constitutional and statutory provisions", the statement said.
Teaching, research and study, according to highest standards, under Christian influence, are paramount in the Emory University policy.
The other occupants were James Willard Olvey, 18, of 963 Ponce De Leon Ave., NE, and Larry Coleman Barnett, 19, of 704 Hill St., SE, both of whom were treated at Grady Hospital for severe lacerations and bruises.
The COAHR letter comes on the eve of a large gathering of theater managers and owners scheduled to begin here Sunday.
R. E. Killingsworth
He was a member of the Oakland City Methodist Church and a native of Atlanta.
Police account
Then he attacked the two officers again and was again restrained, Slate related.
One of the largest crowds in the club's history turned out to pay tribute to Mrs. Self and her service.
Students have been using electric computers and high speed movie cameras during the study.
An auto overturned, skidding into a stopped tractor-trailer and burst into flames near Snellville, the patrol said.
The commission, meeting for the first time with both of its newly-appointed commissioners, Roy Webster, of Hood River, and Dr. Ennis Keizer, of North Bend, approved a year's contract for a consultant in the data processing department who has been the center of considerable controversy in the past.
"Do you feel you can stand up to the next legislative session and defend this contract"?
Harvey said his objective was to create a better public image for welfare".
Funeral for William Joseph Brett, 1926 NE 50th Ave., who died Thursday in Portland, will be Monday 1 p.m. at the Riverview Abbey.
He lived at 6124 N. Willamette Blvd.
40 & 8 Voiture, No. 25, Musician's Union, Local 99.
A 16-year-old Portland businessman and his Junior Achievement company, have been judged the "Company of the Year" in national competition completed this week at Ohio State University, Columbus, Ohio.
Over 400 Portland firms contributed funds for the maintenance of Junior Achievement headquarters here.
Karen Kolb, Franklin;
Janet Jossy of North Plains won grand champion honors of the 4-H sheep showman contest.
In open class poultry, Donald Wacklin of Sherwood had the champion male and female bird and grand champion bird.
They also will visit properties on which appeals have been made.
a wallet with $450 in it;
The division said it would be impossible to work on the line until then because of the large amount of acid sewage from jewelry plants in the area flowing through the line, heavy vehicle traffic on Eddy Street and tide conditions.
Mr. Vernava was uninjured.
The award, without interest, compared with a valuation of $57,500 placed on the property by the property owners'real estate expert, and a valuation of $52,500 placed on it by the state's expert.
Public school children have adopted the fund as one of their favorite Christmas charities and their pennies, nickels, dimes and quarters aid greatly in helping Santa to reach the fund's goal.
The decoration will be presented by A. Trichieri, Italian consul general in Boston, at a ceremony at 30 p.m. on Dec. 7 at the plant, which this year is celebrating its golden anniversary.
He identified the man as Lewis Martin Parker, 59, a farmer of Hartselle, Ala.
Then, when the case went to the jury, the judge excused one of the jurors, saying the juror had told him he had been accosted by masked men at his motel the night before the trial opened.
The new president is 37-year-old Dr. James McN. Hester, currently dean of the NYU Graduate School of Arts and Sciences.
The conservation leader said other mistakes in spraying had caused serious damage in Ohio and Wyoming.
Buchheister pledged the land would be an "inviolate" sanctuary for all birds, animals and plants.
Fiedler was then technical director of Hitler's super-secret "Reichenberg project", which remained unknown to the Allies until after the war.
I had exactly 20 minutes to get down to the test strip".
"It's so quiet", he said, "so slow, serene -- and so challenging".
"They cannot do otherwise than live in dread of each other since these weapons imply the possibility of such grisly surprise attack.
"I put Arger on the payroll because he promised to get my firm the stevedore account at Navy pier", Stein said.
and Frank W. Pesce, operator of a Glimco dominated deodorant firm, the Best Sanitation and Supply company, 1215 Blue Island Av.
The deodorant firm run by Pesce has offices in the headquarters of Glimco's discredited taxi drivers'union at 1213-15 Blue Island Av.
Huff, who received a salary of $109 a week from the loan association from October of 1955 until September of this year, said that his private practice was not lucrative.
Bonn, Oct. 24 (UPI)
The stock was sold in the underwriting at a price of $12.50 a share.
After it allotted shares to 41 underwriters and 52 selling group members from coast to coast there were not many shares for anyone.
And third, the potato chip industry has taken on the flavor of a "growth" industry in the public mind of late.
More than 10 companies maintain facilities in Dallas and one large manufacturer is located to the north at Sherman.
The present company is a combination of several smaller ones that date back to 1834.
Presently, Hardwicke-Etter employs 300-450 people, depending on the season of the year.
Mitchell employs a total of about 400 people.
They distribute equipment in 11 states.
The March gain plus this optimism has been encouraging enough to prompt auto makers to boost production schedules for the next quarter.
Arnold Hayes, Mary Ann Shay, and Lloyd Satterfield of Thomas Jefferson;
-- "The present recovery movement will gather steady momentum to lift the economy to a new historic peak by this autumn", Beryl W. Sprinkel, economist of Harris Trust & Savings Bank, Chicago, predicted at the closing session here Tuesday of Investment Bankers Assn., California group, conference.
He cautioned that "the greater danger in this recovery may be excessive stimulation by government which could bring moderate inflation".
Its the start of a direct threat to our own security and I don't believe we can permit that".
Of 1,253 issues traded, 695 advanced and 354 declined.
Nothing to fear
The new offering Tuesday consisted of $60 million worth of 4-7/8 debentures, due June 1, 1986, at 100%, and $60 million of 4-1/2% convertible subordinated debentures due June 1, 1991, at 100%.
Fairchild Camera and Kawecki Chemical gained 2-1/2 each.
But it seems that this "electronic brain" wasn't "programmed" correctly.
He selects queries or general interest to answer.
Board Chairman Howard Simpson of the Baltimore & Ohio Railroad Co., testified the B & O was in its worst financial condition since the depression years and badly needed the economic lift it would get from consolidation with the Chesapeake & Ohio Railroad.
Washington, March 11 (UPI).
Starts were down 20 percent from 1959.
Paradoxically, the sales rise is due in large measure to Government efforts to slash farm output.
the drought-seared North Central states are the most notable exceptions to the uptrend.
in August of 1960, he sold seven.
Nearly all of the farm equipment manufacturers and dealers say the upturn in sales has resulted chiefly from the recent improvement in crop prospects.
The company, in figuring its taxable earnings, deducted a percentage of the revenue it received for its finished products.
In such an instance, revenuers stressed, the deduction must be reduced by the value of the benefit received.
Peace Corps volunteers are assured a tax benefit under the law creating the agency.
She would be taxed on the pensions when received, of course, but the company's contributions would be tax-free.
Washington
The only woman recipient, Miss Garson will receive the award with Ferdinando Sarmi, creator of chic, beautiful women's fashions;
She likes his classic chemise.
Reared in England, she studied to be a teacher, earned several scholarships and was graduated with honors from the University of London.
She is in Madame Tussard's Waxworks in London, a princess of the Kiowa tribe and an honorary colonel in many states.
Ramsey, as SMU's food wrangler, buys enough groceries to serve 32,000 meals a week.
And to keep athletes'stomachs from getting jumpy under physical duress, he bans all highly flavored condiments.
Salt and pepper each breast.
)
Rounded posts give a soft, sculptured look, paneled doors have decorative burl panels or cane insets plus softening arches, table tops are inlaid in Macassar ebony or acacia.
Dignity and comfort, in a contemporary manner, reflecting the best aspects of today's design, with substance and maturity, keynote the Perennian collection from Heritage.
Ginghams and calico will be popular dress for the women.
Four parties are given a year.
Mother of five
A feature of the party will be a presentation by Welton Becket, center architect, of color slides and renderings of the three-building complex.
He started practice in 1917, and served on the State Board of Medical Examiners.
I never dreamed of the logistical difficulties involved until, at long last, both of my boys got squeezed into high school.
A young man doesn't like to be driven up in front of a school in a car driven by a girl who isn't even in a higher class than he is, and is also a girl.
Sometimes there weren't even any seats.
But when Gloriana rides with them they also have to take the two girls who usually ride with her, so the little car isn't big enough.
Stars for marriage
The young couple live in Pasadena.
Others listed at new addresses are the Richard T. Olerichs, the Joseph Aderholds Jr., the Henri De La Chapelles, the John Berteros and Dr. and Mrs. Egerton Crispin, the John Armisteads, the Allen Chases, the Howard Lockies, the Thomas Lockies, and Anthony Longinotti.
Using the strings that manipulate the puppet, suspend him from the light fixture by tying the strings to the lamp base.
This isn't true of the many homemakers of the 1960's, according to decorator consultant, Leland Alden.
Kings 4, have rated as a popular act in Vegas and Western nightclubs.
We like Fike
George Kissak is the bossman;
Vivacious redhead debuts another shop, her sixth, in the Governor's Club Hotel this week.
faces in places
"Le Theatre D'Art Du Ballet", of Monte Carlo, will present a program of four ballets including "Francesca Da Rimini".
Anyone interested in attending the meeting may have reservations with Mrs. John Whelan at the Hollywood Public Library.
Is there anything a frustrated individual can do about Communism's growing threat on our doorstep and around the world?
This Sunday those attending the second session will hear a lecture by Kern on the world situation;
"When you stand up in public and take vows to strive to set an example before your children and to teach them the fundamentals of the Christian faith, you strive a little harder to uphold those vows", explains the slender vice president of the young couples Sunday school class.
The outstanding family of Central Nazarene Church will be picked by ballot from among eight families during the 10:45 a.m. Sunday service marking National Family Week.
During his five-month visit abroad, Jorda recently conducted the Orchestre Philharmonique De Bordeau in France, and the Santa Cecilia Orchestra in Rome.
All of this is true and all of it is totally meaningless in the face of the Kirov's utterly captivating presentation.
Irina Kolpakova, the Princess Aurora of Friday's performance, would be a change for the better anywhere, at any time, no matter who had had the role before.
Mail orders are now being received for the series of concerts to be given this season under the auspices of the San Francisco Chamber Music Society.
From the collection centers, toys will be taken to a warehouse at 198 Second street, where they will be repaired and made ready for distribution.
All the sins of ancient Rome are said to be collected into this three-hour film.
With the exception of Lex Barker and Anita Ekberg, the credits are as unfamiliar as you'll find on the Robert Herridge Theater.
But this doesn't detract from its merit as an interesting, if not great, film.
The week went along briskly enough.
Asked the gas station man.
They polished the windshield.
Crunch, that's all she wrote".
)
The AID has found a mantlepiece attributed to Samuel McIntyre of Salem, Mass., an architect and woodcarver who competed for the designing of the Capitol here in 1792.
She was not present yesterday, however, to enjoy the music or watch the faces of the delighted audience.
"The nuns there do a wonderful work", the President commented.
One of the most interested "students" on the tour which the Brevard group took at the National Gallery yesterday following their concert at the White House, was Letitia Baldrige, social secretary to First Lady Jacqueline Kennedy.
Gallery Director John Walker greeted the group, standing on one of the benches in the downstairs lobby to speak to them.
They came together in the huge, high-ceilinged Council Chamber to hear the late leader eulogized.
He would come home in the evening tired and discouraged -- in no frame of mind to play with their three children, or spend much time chatting with his wife.
Because neither of them really wanted their marriage to break up, Mr. and Mrs. Black agreed to a series of interviews at Family Service of Northern Virginia, the agency nearest them.
Perhaps to some their work does not seem particularly vital.
He wanted to buy time to strengthen the U. S. and its allies and to define and begin to implement his foreign policy.
The U. S. and Soviet heads of Government have met three times since Sir Winston Churchill in 1953 introduced a new word into international diplomacy with his call for a fresh approach to the problem of peace "at the summit of the nations".
Shortly before his nomination he had set forth his basic view about the problem of negotiations with the Soviet leader in these words:
It would give him an opportunity to take the measure of his chief adversary in the cold war, to try to probe Mr. Khrushchev's intentions and to make clear his own views.
The deadlock has been caused by the Russians'new demand for a three-man (East, West and neutral) directorate, and thus a veto, over the control machinery.
In Cuba, the U. S. had blundered badly and created the impression of impotency against Communist penetration even on its own doorstep.
Mr. Kennedy told Moscow he would give his answer by May 20 after consultation with the Allies.
The approval did not arise from an expectation of far-reaching agreements at Vienna.
Thus he will be in a position to disabuse the Soviet leader of any notions he may have about grave Allied disunity.
The shell, which served the strain so well at a relatively early stage in the evolutionary scheme, tended to cancel out the possibility of future development.
American Catholics have responded generously to bishops'and pastors'appeals for the support necessary to create parochial schools but they have not contributed in a similar fashion to the establishment of institutions of higher learning.
The net result is a uniquely satisfying sense of comradeship, the kind of comradeship which sparks enthusiasm and blunts the cutting edge of sacrifice and hardship.
Apart, however, from the question of wasteful duplication, there is another aspect of the "family business" spirit in American Catholic higher education which deserves closer scrutiny.
The pattern here pictured is clearly not peculiar to Notre Dame: it is simply that the paradox involved in this kind of control of the institution by "the organization which actually owns" it, becomes more obvious where there is a larger and more distinguished "outside" faculty.
Much has been made of the fact that major Catholic institutions now guarantee firm tenure.
The college teacher needs the stimulus of communication with other faculty members but he also needs to feel that such communication, even informal debates over the luncheon table, are a contribution to the total good of the institution.
In the Notre Dame report, reference was made to the fact that faculty members were reduced to "luncheon-table communication".
The company incurred some $10 million of expenses attributable to four factors: advertising to attract new employees, hiring and training them, extra overtime, and defective work performed by the new workers.
Hypocrisy thus becomes the answer to a foolish public policy.
Engaging in such a conspiracy was an act of mercy by the giants.
In this manner, every scheme for direct control broke to pieces on the great protective rock of the anti-trust laws.
Those who favor placing trade unions under anti-trust laws imply that they are advocating a brand new reform.
As early as 1776, Adam Smith wrote in The Wealth Of Nations: "We have no acts of Parliament against combining to lower the price of work;
Senator McClellan is proposing the application of anti-trust measures to unions in transportation.
In 1914, the Clayton Act attempted to take labor out from under the anti-trust legislation by stating that human labor was not to be considered a commodity.
At a closed-door session on Capitol Hill last week, Secretary of State Christian Herter made his final report to the Senate Foreign Relations Committee on U.S. affairs abroad.
Through Secretary Herter, Ike offered President-elect Kennedy an opportunity to associate his new Administration with the breakoff decision.
There was a moral of sorts in the Laotian situation that said much about all other cold-war fronts.
Considering the state of the whole world, the cold war's three exposed fronts did not seem terribly ominous;
There were two possible methods of breaching the conservative barriers around the Rules Committee: 1) to pack it with additional liberals and break the conservative-liberal deadlock, or 2) to remove one of the conservatives -- namely Mississippi's 14-term William Meyers Colmer (pronounced Calmer).
In 1949 the Dixiecrats escaped unscathed after their 1948 rebellion against Harry Truman, and in 1957, after Congressman Adam Clayton Powell campaigned for Dwight Eisenhower in 1956, his fellow Democrats did not touch his committee assignments, although they did strip him temporarily of his patronage.
He shouted, and rushed off to the Speaker's Room to object: "A dangerous precedent"!
If the Southerners were sufficiently aroused, they could very well cut the Kennedy legislative program to ribbons from their vantage point of committee chairmanships, leaving Sam Rayburn leading a truncated, unworkable party.
Georgia's Dick Russell objected politely, and the battle was joined.
One day last week, Nixon faced a painful constitutional chore that required him to officiate at a joint session of Congress to hear the official tally of the Electoral College vote, and then to make "sufficient declaration" of the election of the man who defeated him in the tight 1960 presidential election.
After playing a splendid first nine holes in 34 -- two strokes under par -- on this fifth and final day of the tournament (Sunday's fourth round had been washed out by a violent rainstorm when it was only half completed), Player's game rapidly fell to pieces.
In trying to hit it out with a sand wedge Palmer bounced the ball over the green, past spectators and down the slope toward a TV tower.
His three-round total of 210 was three strokes better than the next best score, a 213 by Bill Collins, the tall and deliberate Baltimorean who had been playing very well all winter long.
On the final round at Pensacola, the luck of the draw paired Palmer and Player in the same threesome and, although it was far from obvious at the time, the gallery was treated to the first chapter of what promises to be one of the most exciting duels in sport for a long time to come.
The usually skiddy greens were moist and soft, so the golfers were able to strike their approach shots boldly at the flag-stick and putt firmly toward the hole without too much worry about the consequences.
On Friday, a day as cloudless and lovely as Thursday had been gray and ugly, the plot of the tournament came clearly into focus.
The boldness of champions
Player immediately proceeded to follow suit.
It struck the 9th green on the fly and stopped just off the edge.
But when tiny, 145-pound Albert Gregory Pearson of the Los Angeles Angels, who once caught three straight fly balls in center field because, as a teammate explained, "the other team thought no one was out there", hits seven home runs in four months (three more than his total in 1958, 1959, and 1960), his achievement borders on the ridiculous.
Of all the records in peril, one stands apart, dramatic in its making, dramatic in its endurance, and now, doubly dramatic in its jeopardy.
After 108 games in 1961, Mickey Mantle has 43, Roger Maris 41.
How can you walk Maris to get to Mantle"?
Maris sleeps on a green studio couch in the living room.
Maris purchases $100 suits from Simpson's in New York.
What is surprising and pleasant is that Mantle and Maris, under constant pressure from writers and photographers, are trying to be cooperative.
I'm angry".
If you're a good ballplayer, you've got to get mad.
Mantle's hero was Joe DiMaggio.
But since railroading and mining are not the highest paid arts, Mantle and Maris concentrate on baseball.
Both are good bunters: Maris once beat out eighteen of nineteen in the minor leagues;
Appropriately, the emphasis on the home run, at a peak this year, came into being at baseball's lowest moment.
Soon after Loper leaked the news that Frankie had ordered "two of everything" just "in case he spills anything", Frankie got so mad at the chic designer that he vowed he would not wear a stitch of Loper clothing.
At a reception for new members of Congress, Oregon Democrat Maurine Neuberger, taking the Senate seat held by her husband Richard until his death last March, got a brotherly buss from Democratic Elder Statesman Adlai Stevenson, U.S. Ambassador-designate to the U.N.
"My taste is gaudy.
There the name vaguely connotes new-rich wealth, a reputation for eccentricity, and an ardor for collecting art.
He bought up Cezannes, Braques, Matisses, Legers, a splendid Picasso series, more than 70 Giacometti sculptures.
In fact he seemed delighted to get rid of them.
The university rejected them on a variety of pretexts, but was careful never to mention the color of their skins.
Their reason: Holmes once paid a $20 speeding fine, had his license suspended.
Two committees pondered 375 possible Kimpton successors, including Adlai Stevenson, Richard Nixon, and Harvard's Dean McGeorge Bundy.
A philosopher may point out that the troubles of the Congo began with the old Adam and consequently will never end.
The climate ranges from the steamily equatorial to the temperate.
The Belgians were interested primarily in the economic development of the Congo, which is rich in copper, tin, cobalt, manganese, zinc, and uranium, and cotton and palm oil.
But instead of delivering the ration -- either in actual commodities or in cash -- at intervals of perhaps two weeks or a month, the Belgians felt obliged to dole it out more often.
When the Congo received its independence in 1960 there were, among its 13.5 million people, exactly 14 university graduates.
It is hard to blame them for this.
They had divided the Congo into six provinces -- Leopoldville, Kasai, Kivu, Katanga, Equator and Eastern -- unfortunately with little regard for ethnic groupings.
On July 11 the head of the mineral-rich province of Katanga, Moise Tshombe, announced that his province had seceded from the country.
It took the U.N. three months to bring a modest form of order to the Congo.
Control of the government -- such control as there was and such government as there was -- passed into the hands of Joseph Mobutu, chief of staff of the Congolese army.
It also urged that the U.N. eject, and prevent the return of, all Belgian and other foreign military and political advisers;
The conversation apparently convinced Mr. Kennedy that the positions of France and Tunisia were not irreconcilable.
To Africa, he sent his most trusted adviser, his brother, Attorney General Robert Kennedy, on a good-will mission to the Ivory Coast.
"I figured he was sick".
The pilot radioed El Paso International Airport with just that message.
Pfc. Truman Cleveland of St. Augustine.
At one time, while still under the impression that he was dealing with a Cuban plot, the President talked about invoking a total embargo on trade with Cuba.
The slugs flattened ten tires and silenced one of the inboard engines;
Gilman started talking to him until he saw his chance.
The "hold-back", as Pentagon mutterers labeled it, apparently was a temporary expedient intended to insure that the army services are built up gradually and, thus, the new funds spent prudently.
Most members of the U.S. Senate, because they are human, like to eat as high on the hog as they can.
Result is a better prospect for a full payoff by bonds that once were regarded as highly speculative.
Tax-free returns.
A new report on the earnings records of toll roads in the most recent 12-month period -- ending in February or March -- shows what is happening.
That was up from 173 per cent in the preceding 12 months.
In the 12 months ended in February, 1961, this highway earned 93 per cent of its interest.
The Kansas Turnpike offers an illustration.
The typical picture at this time is one of steady improvement.
"Two, wage costs are a fraction of the U.S. costs.
The firm is design-conscious, sales-conscious, advertising-conscious.
The U.S. will try to get agreement among the industrialized countries to take more textile imports from the less-developed countries over the years.
The Indians and Pakistanis are chafing under similar restrictions on the British market for similar reasons.
Government research will look into new products and methods.
Many of the coal seams in the nationalized British mines are twisting, narrow and very deep.
What to buy for adult and child readers, for lovers of fiction and nonfiction, for a clientele whose wants are incredibly diversified, when your budget is pitifully small?
Both these types, and those in between, are in existence by reason of a legislative interest in libraries that began at Albany as early as 1950, with the creation by the legislature of county library systems financed by county governments with matching funds from the state.
So obvious are these advantages that nearly 95 per cent of the population of New York State now has access to a system, and enthusiastic librarians foresee the day, not too distant, when all the libraries in the state will belong to a co-op.
The major part of this collection is in the central headquarters building, and the remainder is divided among five libraries in the system designated as subject centers.
history, biography, and education are centered in Hempstead;
Schools and community groups turn to the headquarters film library for documentary, art, and experimental films to show at libraries that sponsor local programs, and to organizations in member communities.
In addition to the interlibrary loan service and the children's program, headquarters has a public relations director who seeks to get wider grassroots support for quality library service in the county;
The great advances made in recent years in Communist strength and in our own capacity to destroy require an educated citizenry in the Western world.
The problem grows in intensity each year as man's knowledge, and his capacity to translate such knowledge to the written word, continue to expand.
It was faced immediately with a showdown on the schools, an issue which was met squarely in conjunction with the governor with a decision not to risk abandoning public education.
The legislature expended most of its time on the schools and appropriations questions.
The league workers search out the pros and cons of the most complex issues and make them available to the public.
The Rusk belief in balanced defense, replacing the Dulles theory of massive retaliation, removes a grave danger that has existed.
DeKalb's budget for 1961 is a record one and carries with it the promise of no tax increase to make it balance.
The firm does a large amount of research and its forecasts have meaning.
Even with the increase in funds for the next fiscal year, Georgia will be spending only around $3.15 per day per patient.
Rafael Trujillo, the often blood-thirsty dictator of the Dominican Republic for 31 years, perhaps deserved his fate in an even-handed appraisal of history.
The jails were filled to overflowing with political prisoners who had incurred his displeasure.
The Dominican people have known no democratic institutions and precious little freedom for a generation, and all alternative leadership has been suppressed.
The NCTA is well advised to seek funds for this purpose from the present session of Congress.
That this and the closing of the East Berlin-West Berlin border have not been accepted by the Western governments appears in notes which Britain, France, and the United States sent to Moscow after the latter's gratuitous protest over a visit of Chancellor Adenauer and other West German officials to West Berlin.
Prairie National Park
American history should clinch the case when Congress is asked to approve.
Soon some members of the two industry groups doubtless will want to amend their codes on grounds that otherwise they will suffer unfairly from the efforts of non-code competitors.
They, too, have links with the city's ills.
Little war, big test
At the scene he has just as clearly shown his military strength in unprovocative but ready position.
It is ironic that Washington is having to struggle so for a concept that for six years it bypassed as unreasonable.
The House communications subcommittee is expected to report out a good bill calling for the states to match federal funds.
He was all of these rolled into one sturdy figure;
His leadership was not for audiences.
There are only two men remaining in Congress who, with Rayburn, voted for the declaration of war against Germany in 1917.
Mr. Truman has only to recall the "hopeless" campaign of 1948 to remember what a loyal partisan he was and the first experience of Mr. Kennedy with Congress would have been sadder than it was had not Mr. Sam been there.
The excuse was offered for them that they had mistaken the Italians for Belgian mercenaries.
That notion is fantastically wrong-headed from several points of view.
A recent editorial discussing a labor-management agreement reached between the Southern Pacific Co. and the Order of Railroad Telegraphers has been criticized on the grounds that it was not based on complete information.
But the internationalists have taken over the governing body of the bar, and when the lads met in St. Louis, it was not to grumble about the humidity but to vote unanimously that the United Nations was scarcely less than wonderful, despite an imperfection here and there.
The plane was sent back to the United States, for a change, but Castro kept the crazy gunman, who will prove a suitable recruit to the revolution.
By reducing rates as much as 60 per cent, it and its associated railroads hope to win back some of the business they have lost to truckers and barge lines.
The story of the fatal crash is not fully known.
The U.N. session scheduled for today will meet under the cloud of his passing.
The widely known financial firm has 60 days to spell out the terms of its contract.
County officials have cooperated consistently.
"The committee continues to feel that Florida has progressed in a sound and equitable program at both the state and local levels in its efforts to review and assess transition problems as they arise from time to time in the entire spectrum of civil rights".
The aging chancellor in all likelihood will be retired.
The question left by the election is whether West Germany veers slightly toward more firmness or more flexibility.
The principle is commendable but we suspect that in the practice somebody is going to get gulled.
Does it employ crude pressure tactics with such means as anonymous telephone calls and letter writing campaigns?
The public.
"The people of this state do not yield their sovereignty to the agencies that serve them.
If the Dominican Republic achieves free, democratic government, it will be due in large part to the U.S. show of force that enabled President Balaguer to prevent a threatened restoration of Trujillo dictatorship.
He will need the help of all OAS members to eradicate, finally, the forces of authoritarianism, pro-Trujillo and pro-Castro alike.
Walter Reuther, leader of the industrial union faction of the AFL-CIO, says another two years of this squabbling will be disastrous for all American labor.
American taxpayers have been impressed by the surpluses for a long, long time.
The department needs a clearer "sense of direction" at the top and it needs fewer, but better, people, Sen. Jackson says.
Betting men
The economy seems to be sailing along on an even keel and the 1961 hurricane season and auto strikes are at an end so they can't be blamed in November.
Weeks ago he saw a business upturn in the second quarter of this year while his colleagues in the Cabinet were shaking their heads in disagreement.
Initial claims for jobless benefits were said to have dropped by 8,100 in the week ending March 4.
But preservation of the natural beauty of the Cape is of more than regional concern, for the automobile age has made it the recreation spot of people from all over the country.
It will be a 16-hour training day.
Gov. Dalton's New Commerce and Industry Commission is moving to create a nine-state regional group in a collective effort to attract new industry.
The Federal program eventually should have a favorable impact on Missouri's depressed areas, and in the long run that will benefit St. Louis as well.
Many of our very best friends are reformers.
Instead of attempting the impossible, why not a publicity campaign to prove that all the tiger's stripes are not black?
Responsibility for the Faget appointment rests with Gen. J. M. Swing, an Eisenhower appointee as head of the Immigration Service.
Mr. Eisenhower seized upon the incident of the postcard lost by a Peace Corps girl in Nigeria to attack the entire Corps as a "juvenile experiment" and to suggest sending a Corps member to the moon.
Some of former President Truman's off-the-cuff discourses have been in that vein.
Since 1957, more and more trans-Atlantic passengers have been crossing by air.
There was good reason for Gen. Taylor to make an inspection trip at this time.
Gen. Taylor, the President's special military adviser, is a level-headed officer who is not likely to succumb to propaganda or pressure.
The Charter does stipulate that "due regard" shall be paid to the importance of recruiting the staff on "as wide a geographical basis as possible".
What we must have, if the United Nations is to survive, is as nonpolitical, nonpartisan an organization at the top as human beings can make it, subject to no single nation's direction and subservient to no single nation's ambition.
Overriding of mayoral veto on budget changes will require concurrence by board and Council, and a two-thirds vote.
but, as a second-look safeguard, each new project must undergo a Board of Estimate public hearing before construction proceeds.
The I. A. P. A. found itself driven from journalism into politics as it did its best to bring about the downfall of the Castro Government and the return of the Cuban press to the freedom it knew before Batista's dictatorship began in 1952.
But far from being concerned about whether or not Russia will have achieved Utopia by 1980, the world is watching Moscow today primarily for clues as to whether or not there will be nuclear Armageddon in the immediate future.
Dr. Conant has come away shocked and angry.
The facts, he adds, are hidden from public view by squeamish objections to calling bad conditions by their right name and by insistence on token integration rather than on real improvement of the schools, regardless of the color of their students.
This means an added burden to innumerable postmen, who already are complaining of heavy loads and low pay, and it presumably means an increased postal deficit, but, our correspondent writes, think of the additional junk mail each citizen will now be privileged to receive on a regular basis.
She was ready to kill the beef, dress it out, and with vegetables from her garden was going to can soup, broth, hash, and stew against the winter.
He said he had No. 2's enough to last two weeks more.
"What in the world", echoed others, those come with the beans, potatoes, the tomatoes, "will any of us do"?
When a person has thoughtlessly or deliberately caused us pain or hardship it is not always easy to say, "Just forget it".
Forgiveness is the door through which a person must pass to enter the Kingdom of God.
In the prayer Jesus taught his disciples to pray we find these words, "Forgive us our debts".
Matthew 18: 21-22.
It was the oldest and toughest question young lovers have ever asked: How can you be sure?
I asked.
She came back the other day to reassure me.
Who stops to think of that?
The good ones are not motivated to seek vainly, nor are they disposed to covet comfort, or they would have been led to fields that offer comfort and feed vanity.
But how little love we give him.
The prize was an old-fashioned, woven cloth hammock, complete with cross-top pillow, fringed side pieces, and hooks for hanging.
The winging spread of blue had gone on, calling harshly, into the wood.
Would he take pains to avoid it?
For a few brief minutes they had all been part of one little drama.
The wind moves it a little bit -- you know.
"It's getting so chilly we've lighted a fire, and we're going to tell a round robin story -- a nice, scary one.
Desegregation is beginning in two more important Southern cities -- Dallas and Atlanta.
In each city quick public reaction and fast action by the city government halted the threats of more serious incidents.
During the summer, Negroes began quietly patronizing previously segregated restaurants and lunch counters in downtown retail establishments.
All across the South there are signs that racial violence is finding less approval among whites who themselves would never take active part but might once have shown a tolerant attitude toward it.
Played mostly on the freeways around Los Angeles, it goes like this:
This could never happen in my native Chicago.
Now Richards, of course, is known as a deep thinker as baseball managers go.
It should be easier to plug two spots than it was to fill the wholesale lots that were open last year, but so far it hasn't worked that way.
Robby's performance last year was tremendous.
Breeding might move up
"From Triandos, Brandt and Walker", answers Richards.
He's hitting the ball hard, in the batting cage, and his whole attitude is improved over this time last year.
Is the mother of an "autistic" child at fault?
We don't think she can make her child defective, emotionally disturbed or autistic.
I know, that my son wants control and direction, but being autistic myself I cannot give full control or direction.
As he grows older it may be a matter of providing some accustomed object (his "magic" thing).
I try to give him as many normal experiences as possible.
Should I show my daughter how things should be colored?
Possibly responsible for this is the incoming trend toward multicolor schemes in rooms, which seems slated to replace the one-color look to which we have been accustomed.
Since the work is done by hand, the only limitation, it is said, "is that of human conception".
-- Plans for a dramatic, broad-scale party rally in Los Angeles next December that would enlist top-drawer Democrats from all over the country.
Much of its strength stems from the comfortable knowledge that every "volunteer" Democratic organization of any consequence belongs to the Aj.
This bodes heated contests in several districts where claims have already been staked out by Democratic hopefuls who don't see eye-to-eye with the Aj.
State Sen. Dick Richards will keynote;
Then the Communese reply came back from many mouthpieces with striking consistency.
(Quotations follow".
And now, for Communist listeners and readers:
Kennedy knows the West will not wage war for West Berlin, neither conventional nor nuclear, and negotiations will come as certainly as the peace treaty.
The reason was to speed up domestic production in the USSR, which Khrushchev promised upon grabbing power, and try to end the permanent recession in Russian living standards.
In the middle of the century, with a circulation of 90,000, the Post was one of the most popular weeklies in the country.
I was anxious to hear about those dazzling days on the Great White Way.
2.
No warden or guard to touch lock, key or doorknob except when accompanied by a prisoners'committee with powers of veto.
The owner of the painting got it for $750,000, sold it for $500,000 in a market crash, and bought it back for $590,000.
In addition Rep. Frelinghuysen's brother Harry was on the Korean desk of the State Department in World War 2.
"We have just returned from Roswell, N.M., where we were defeated, 34 to 9", the young man noted.
However, Biblical scholars frequently attested to its numerous inaccuracies, as old manuscripts were uncovered and scholarship advanced.
One is impressed with the dignity, clarity and beauty of this new translation into contemporary English, and there is no doubt that the meaning of the Bible is more easily understandable to the general reader in contemporary language in the frequently archaic words and phrases of the King James.
'Do you come to me'?
Among the most frequently quoted Biblical sentences are the Beatitudes and yet so few persons, other than scholars, really understand the true meaning of these eight blessings uttered by Jesus at the beginning of the Sermon on the Mount.
For the most part, however, the new version is contemporary and, as such, should be the means for many to attain a clearer comprehension of the meaning of those words recorded so many hundreds of years ago by the first followers of Christ.
That is why it is important to invest in comfortable, airy types of shoes.
While white is the coolest summer shade, there are lots of pastel hues along with tintable fabrics that will blend with any wardrobe color.
Spectators in white crush textures dip toe and heel in smooth black, navy and taffy tan.
The unit consists of a small motor that goes on as soon as it is plugged in.
The results were good although they are difficult to compare with hand brushing, particularly when the individual knows how to brush his teeth properly.
The pressure may come from muscles, tendons, or bones anywhere from the neck to the hand.
This manifestation may be an early sign of multiple sclerosis or the beginning of sewer's cramp.
The cholesterol level in the blood is influenced by the glands of the body.
Volumes One and Two, selected from the sound tracks of a television series, contain "conversations with the elder wise men of our day".
For those who "like poetry but never get around to reading it", the Library of Congress makes it possible for poets to be heard reading their own work.
One of the roughest was the TV quiz shows, which gave him inferiority complexes.
The child understands no.
His desires are so strong that he needs constant reassurance of his mother's love for him and what she expects of him, in order to overcome them.
If Daddy's books are out of bounds his own picture books are not.
Substitute approved objects for forbidden ones and keep telling him how he is to act.
It is at precisely such moments that he encounters a couple of undergraduates, faces alight, holding hands and talking happily as they come along, oblivious of him, or throwing him the most fleeting and casual of glances, such as they would give a tethered goat.
He recalls with a wry smile the wit who said, on returning from a homecoming reunion, that he would never go again because all his class had changed so much they didn't even recognize him.
Enough of his life was spent there on the field for him never to like watching the game as a spectator in the crowd.
the hard, jolting tackles;
These are New York, Pennsylvania, Michigan, Maryland, Missouri, New Jersey, Illinois and Minnesota.
The task force might make a start in Washington with Republican congressional leaders.
In that decade the partisan zeal to defend Mr. Hoover, and the party's failure to anticipate or cope with the depression, caused a great majority of Americans to see the Republican party as cold and lacking in any sympathy for the problems of human beings caught up in the distress and suffering brought on by the economic crash.
The 1962 General Assembly has important business to consider.
To have refused would have been political suicide.
Say he is a horse thief", runs an old adage.
It has arranged a campaign for governor.
Too many people were afraid if the GOP won, they'd have to spend all their time praying.
The wisdom of granting such tax exemptions is another matter, but this particular instance is, in my opinion, completely satisfactory.
It has already been reported in your newspapers that the East Greenwich School Committee is considering additions to at least one elementary school and to the high school to insure future accommodations for a school population that we know will increase.
The taxpayers of East Greenwich appropriate sums of money, as do other Kent County communities, for the support of the Kent County Memorial Hospital, a regional facility.
I believe it is an area in which professional planners have failed to set adequate guide posts;
Mr. Felix Miranda, of the Imperial Knife Co.;
I wish you could see the situation as I see it.
The concern they felt for me was such as I shall never forget and for which I will always be grateful.
The arguments advanced by those individuals and groups who oppose the system in force and who would drastically curtail or do away entirely with hospital care for the non-service-connected case, seem to be coldly impractical and out-of-step with the wishes of the general public.
Secondly, the VA physician knows that when the patient leaves the hospital, he is no longer going to have a chance to visit his patient.
Nevertheless, we wonder at the stand of the A.M.A. on the health problem confronting the aged.
If the President of the United States really feels he won himself a "lousy job", then heaven help us all.
Chicago, Aug. 4
Masaryk award
Why should CTA regular riders subsidize reduced transportation for old people any more than the people who drive their own cars or walk to work should?
If a customer wishes a special cut, it will not be available.
The Legion Convention and Sidney Holzman
At no time did I attempt to seek approval or commendation for the members of the Chicago board of election commissioners for the discharge of their duties.
More school, less pay
-- Your July 26 editorial regarding the position of Attorney General Robert F. Kennedy on prospective tax relief for DuPont stockholders is based on an erroneous statement of fact.
What Mr. Kennedy, in fact, wrote was: "It is the Department's view that no anti-trust enforcement considerations justify any loss of revenue of this proportion".
Harmful drinks
In order to attract new industries, 15 states or more are issuing tax free bonds to build government owned plants which are leased to private enterprise.
To our knowledge no nurse in our agency has been employed because of political affiliation.
In designing his home fallout shelter there is nothing to prevent a man from planning to shelter that home's occupants, "plus-one" -- so he will be able to take in a stranger.
Sir -- When the colonies decided upon freedom from England, we insisted, through the Declaration of Independence, that the nations of the world recognize us as a separate political entity.
The bill which passed the Assembly last May and is now pending in the Senate should be given careful scrutiny.
Taxing improvements
The medical examiner states that death was due to "natural causes".
to the editor:
Some of the stumps are as much as three feet long, but most of them have been flattened by the pressure of the overlying sediments.
I would ask, "Why not do both"?
If the world comes to this, wouldn't it be the very time when courage and American know-how would be needed to help survivors rebuild?
In addition, would not the young female public of Washington be afforded a greater degree of protection at night when they are on the streets if they were accompanied by a dog on a leash?
Unfortunately the cafes might not make enough money to support themselves during the off season.
Soviets said to fear resurgence of German militarism
We should stand firmly and courageously for our right to free access into Berlin.
It could provide security without cost of armaments and increase German prosperity and lessen taxation.
They are violating their Charter obligation, the prescribed penalty for which is suspension of membership or expulsion".
According to the official interpretation of the Charter, a member cannot be penalized by not having the right to vote in the General Assembly for nonpayment of financial obligations to the "special" United Nations'budgets, and of course cannot be expelled from the Organization (which you suggested in your editorial), due to the fact that there is no provision in the Charter for expulsion.
Our "destiny" in these perilous times should be to lead strongly in the pursuit of peace, with justice, under law.
Without question, this time and temper saver should be immediately installed at the Woodside station.
to the editor:
There are 70 children there and the mothers donate one day a week to the school.
Maybe he can clean out the white elephants in some of the city departments such as welfare, DPW and sanitation.
At a recent meeting of the Women's Association of the Trumbull Ave. United Presbyterian Church, considerable use was made of material from The Detroit News on the King James version of the New Testament versus the New English Bible.
From necessity, they are also inspired by the "hard-sell" attitude of the sponsor, so, finally, it is the sponsor who must take the responsibility for the good or bad taste of his advertising.
Defends big trucks
The letter writer who suggested saving money by taking kids out of school at 14 should have signed his letter "simpleton" instead of "simplicitude".
As I see it, if war starts and we survive the initial attack enough to be able to fight back, the nuclear weapons we now have -- at least the bombs -- can inflict all the demage that is necessary.
Having led the world in this mad race I pray that we may have the wisdom and courage to lead it out of the race.
Just to remind the Communists that the bombs dropped on Japan were to end a war not start one.
According to one report, however, Mr. Hammarskjold was considered "too controversial" a figure to warrant bestowal of the coveted honor last spring.
Thanks for your good coverage of Ahmad's visit, too!
We should avoid these congestion points or, putting it another way, keep cars starting and ending on the East side of the river -- on the East side.
Shadow over Washington Square
The Fairmount Park Commission will no doubt approve my two proposals, because it is responsible for the change of ideological atmosphere in the Square.
Starlings and blackbirds are scared off by canon, from City Hall.
One means to help the birds occurs to me: Let the chimes that ring over Washington Square twice daily, discontinue any piece of music but one.
When we become firm enough to stand for those ideals which we know to be right, when we become hard enough to refuse to aid nations which do not permit self-determination, when we become strong enough to resist any more drifts towards socialism in our own Nation, when we recognize that our enemy is Communism not war, and when we realize that concessions to Communists do not insure peace or freedom, then, and only then will we no longer be "soft".
Anyone familiar with the details of the McClellan hearings must at once realize that the sweetheart arrangements augmented employer profits far more than they augmented the earnings of the corruptible labor leaders.
Khrushchev threatens us with a 100-megaton bomb?
These gentlemen are calling for a resumption of testing -- in the atmosphere -- on the greatest possible scale, all in the name of national security.
Thus, when the Russians sent up their first sputnik, American chagrin was human enough, and American determination to put American satellites into orbit was perfectly understandable.
Whole families are moving and removal firms are booked for months ahead.
Tanks lined up at the border will be no more helpful.
Contemplating these posthumous punishments, Stalin should not lose all hope.
Besides, he can hardly avoid musing on the instability of death which, what with exhumations and rehabilitations, seems to match that of life.
In all the bitter in-fighting, the squabbles over election procedures, the complicated numbers game that East and West played on the assistant secretaries'theme, the gentleman from Burma showed himself both as a man of principle and a skilled diplomat.
But at least the pessimists who believed that the world organization had plunged to its death in that plane crash in the Congo have been proved wrong.
According to Friends, the unit was organized by John Snook, a former World War 2, commando who is vice president and general manager of the telephone company.
As the civic temper rises, the more naive citizens begin to play soldier -- but the guns are real.
Here, then, is what Swift would have called a modest proposal by way of a beginning.
The highway system is an agency of government, and when it grinds up 40,000 Americans every year the government is destroying its own taxpayers, which is obviously a silly thing for any government to do.
If we make it established custom that whenever butchery on the highways grows excessive, say beyond 25,000 per annum, then somebody is going to hang, it follows that the more eminent the victim, the more impressive the lesson.
Shock, dismay and foreboding for future generations were legitimate reactions;
Then it added: "It is not possible to determine how extensive these ill effects will be -- nor how many people will be affected".
But more than one conscientious researcher has been inhibited from completely frank discussion of the available evidence by the less excusable fact that fallout has been made a political issue as well as a scientific problem.
After a nuclear blast, one bureaucrat suggested in those halcyon days, about all you had to do was haul out the broom and sweep off your sidewalks and roof.
Resuming atmospheric tests
With the resumption of Soviet testing and their intransigence at the Geneva talks, however, the hope that this third choice would prove viable has been shaken.
one which, should it fail, will not have contaminated the conscience.
Recent statements by the President and Defense Department spokesmen have, to the contrary, assured us that our lead is very great.
Ecumenical hopes
A major aim of the Council will be to remove as far as possible whatever in the Church today stands in the way of unity.
The budget deficit
The farm program will cost an additional 1.5 billion, because of unusual weather factors, the Food for Peace program and other new measures.
Sessions devoted to "Ethics and Foreign Policy Trends", "Moral Principle and Political Judgment", "Christian Ethics in the Cold War" and related subjects proved to be much livelier under this procedure than if Catholics were merely talking to themselves.
But a realization that each group has much of substance to learn from the other also developed, and a strong conviction grew that each had insights and dimensions to contribute to ethically acceptable solutions of urgent political issues.
What evidence is there of an objective kind that in fact your government proposes to do just that, and that it can be done"?
He says that if he were to express to you, once again, his own profound determination to go to the Mainland, and his faith that that return is feasible, he would merely sound redundant.
Say four million.
But the army which Mao continues to feed well, where are its sympathies?
To whom will the generals stay loyal?
For it is the family that, in China, has always provided social security for the indigent, the sick, the down-and-out members of the clan.
Tibet may bleed China as Algeria is bleeding France.
He affected (most properly) not to understand my point.
There the truth is, open to eyes that are willing to look.
The United States was engaged in a military attack on a peaceful, orderly people governed by a regime that had proved itself the most pro-Western and anti-Communist within any of the new nations -- the only place in Africa, moreover, where a productive relationship between whites and blacks had apparently been achieved.
right now, with almost cartoon emphasis, in the temporally linked complex of Tshombe-Gizenga-Goa-Ghana.
(Even granted that the Congo should be unified, you don't protect Western security by first removing the pro-Western weight from the power equilibrium.
The Suez-Hungary crisis proves that this system was not invented by the new Administration, but only made more consistent and more active.
Nowadays, more and more, all he needs is someone else's book.
Clearly the most provocative plays are all imported originals -- A Taste Of Honey, by Britain's young (19 when she wrote it) Shelagh Delaney;
And particularly in the musical field, adaptations have long been the rule, from Die Fledermaus and The Merry Widow to Oklahoma! and My Fair Lady.
Nightclubs
Except for the odd uptown sex maniac or an overeager Greek sailor, the people watch in calm absorption.
The New York dancers are highly eclectic, varying the pattern with all kinds of personal improvisations, back bends or floor crawls.
The girls are kept booked and moving by several agents, notably voluble, black-bearded Murat Somay, a Manhattan Turk who is the Sol Hurok of the central abdomen.
Marlene (surname: Adamo), 25, a Brazilian divorcee who learned the dance from Arabic friends in Paris, now lives on Manhattan's West Side, is about the best belly dancer working the Casbah, loves it so much that she dances on her day off.
For ten years a small group of European and U.S. critics has been calling attention to the half-forgotten Austrian expressionist Egon Schiele, who died 42 years ago at the age of 28.
He was an emotional, lonely boy who spent so much time turning out drawings that he did scarcely any schoolwork.
It was not until the last year of his life that he had his first moneymaking show.
He and other Soviet leaders responsible for the document were proud of having brought forward some new formulas, such as the early replacement of the dictatorship of the proletariat by an "All People's State", and also of having laid down the lines for a much greater "democratization" of the whole hierarchy of Soviets, starting with the Supreme Soviet itself.
It contained, for example, a number of curious admissions about the peasants, who enjoy no sickness benefits, no old-age pensions, no paid holidays;
in fact, with having been against all the more popular features of the Khrushchev "welfare state".
Not only, as we know, did Chou En-lai publicly treat Khrushchev's attack on Albania as "something that we cannot consider as a serious Marxist-Leninist approach" to the problem (i.e., as something thoroughly dictatorial and "undemocratic"), but the Albanian leaders went out of their way to be openly abusive to Khrushchev, calling him a liar, a bully, and so on.
And the Chinese, as the Albanian incident shows, have strong suspicions that Khrushchev is anxious to secure a "shameful" peace with the West.
but if he is up against China's crusading spirit in world affairs, he is going to be faced with the most agonizing choice in his life.
Their national leader, Robert Bolivar DePugh of Norborne, Mo., says the Minutemen believe that guerrilla tactics are best suited to defeat the Red onslaught.
They practiced movement behind a smoke screen laid by smoke grenades;
The amazing thing is that this too is caused by the dearth of teachers.
The only hope which the public has for getting good teachers is to pay teachers on the basis of merit rather than tenure.
The pressure for our entry to the Common Market is mounting and we will proceed towards this amalgamated trade union by way of a purely "economic thoroughfare", or garden path, with the political ramifications kept neatly in the background.
We would lose our export markets and deny ourselves the imports we need.
Mental telepathy?
With this no loyal citizen can quarrel.
If the Hessian troops sent here willy-nilly by the Hessian Government to fight for England in the 1770's were mercenaries, what shall we call the UN troops sent to the Congo willy-nilly by their governments to fight for the United Nations?
Facing a prosecution which has demanded the death penalty, he said:'I have participated in the war against Communism in Korea and at Dienbienphu, and I have helped in the evacuation of North Vietnamese to the free world.
He may appeal to President Sukarno for clemency".
Louis 14, -- Aj.
"Not completely virtuous, but completely incompetent".
I know of no other solution than the one N.C. proposes -- to do what we can for each sufferer as he confronts us, hoping that this will spread beyond him to others at some time and some place.
I concur that it is necessary for Americans to have a confrontation of the situation existing in foreign lands.
Improper Bostonian?
The accepted method of writing news has two major liabilities.
Southern California blackout
The radio stations did run "transcripts" (I thought) during the evening hours.
I was interested in James Webb Young's Madison Avenue column in which he raised the question: "Do We Need a College of Propaganda"?
Toward the end of the war, we really felt that we had learned something about propaganda and how to teach it.
many of us in public relations were flattered that Richard L. Tobin chose to devote his editorial in the March 11 Communications Supplement to the merger of the Public Relations Society of America and the American Public Relations Association.
But I have compared its text with already published commentaries on the 1960 series of Godkin lectures at Harvard, from which the book was derived, and I can with confidence challenge the gist of C. P. Snow's incautious tale".
The only fact that holds any weight in the article is the result of the tea party.
This time the orchestra gave him some superb support fired by response to his own high mood.
Bayreuth next summer
But barring a miracle, and don't hold your breath for it, Chicago will not see the Leningrad-Kirov Ballet, which stems from the ballet cradle of the Maryinsky and is one of the great companies of the world.
Allied Arts then notified us that the Kirov would cut short its Los Angeles booking, fly here to open Nov. 28, and close Dec. 2.
Then how about the Civic Opera House?
In the line of operatic trades to cushion the budget, the Dallas Civic Opera will use San Francisco's new Leni Bauer-Ecsy production of "Lucia Di Lammermoor" this season, returning the favor next season when San Francisco uses the Dallas "Don Giovanni", designed by Franco Zeffirelli.
They want to own a junior-grade castle, or a manor house, or some modest little place where Shakespeare might once have staged a pageant for Great Elizabeth and all her bearded courtiers.
The vast, dungeon kitchens may seem hardly worth using except on occasions when one is faced with a thousand unexpected guests for lunch.
He is willing to sell it just to get it off his hands.
He doesn't think that potting them from a deck chair on the south side of the house with a quart glass of beer for sustenance is entirely sporting.
The voices of all the characters, including that of Cherkasov, have richness, roughness or color to conform with the personalities.
Also on the bill at the Fifty-fifth Street is a nice ten-minute color film called "Sunday In Greenwich Village", a tour of the haunts and joints.
About that same time John Crosby's TV series on the popular arts proved again that giving jazz ample breathing space is one of the most sensible things a producer can do.
One of the script's big problems was how to blend pictures and music of the past with live performances by musicians of today.
Even Joan Sutherland may not have anticipated the tremendous reception she received from the Metropolitan Opera audience attending her debut as Lucia in Donizetti's "Lucia Di Lammermoor" Sunday night.
Nervousness at the start must have caused the blemishes of her first scene, or she may warm up slowly.
The remainder of the cast fulfilled its assignments no more than satisfactorily just as the old production and limited stage direction proved only serviceable.
Complete with crowd effects, interruptions by jet planes, and sundry other touches of realism, this disc displays London's new technique to the best effect.
Some clue to the character of London's approach in these discs may be gained immediately from the fact that ten of the 12 titles include the word "percussion" or "percussive".
Many Hollywood films manage somehow to be authentic, but not realistic.
But except for a vague adherence to the basic storyline -- i.e., that Ruth remained with Naomi and finally wound up with Boaz -- the film version has little to do with the Bible.
Francois D'Albert, Hungarian-born violinist who made his New York debut three years ago, played a return engagement last night in Judson Hall.
The title refers to the nickname given his wife by the composer, who is also a member of the National Film Board of Canada.
The second half of her program was devoted to Russian composers of this century.
All the generals who held important commands in World War 2, did not write books.
He returned in command of an international army of Gurkhas, Indians, Africans, Chinese and British.
"Defeat Into Victory" is a dramatic and lively military narrative.
hospitals (inadequate) and nurses (scanty);
It depresses them.
Their singing was well-balanced, clear and, within obvious limitations, extremely pleasing.
A boy soprano named Dixon Boyd sang a Durante solo motet and a few other passages enchantingly.
But under the direction of Mira Ziminska-Sygietynska, who with her late husband founded the organization in 1948, it has all been put into theatrical form, treated selectively, choreographed specifically for presentation to spectators, and performed altogether professionally.
the mazurka choreographed by Witold Zapala to music from Moniuszko's opera, "Strasny Dwor', may be the most beautiful mazurka you are likely ever to see;
The story is of a famous strip cartoonist, an arty individual, whose specialty is the American boy and who adopts a 10-year-old to provide him with fresh idea material.
On the whole, audiences will like this performance.
It is into this household, one eroded by irritations that have tortured the souls out of its people, that George Dillon enters at the beginning of the play.
Also fine are Sue Lawless, as a mother more protective and belligerent than a female spider and just as destructive, Harold Cherry, as her scratchy spouse, and Hildy Weissman, as a vegetable in human form.
It is greatly to Berman's credit that he made no attempt to outdo Ray Bolger.
" Ought not to be missed.
Certainly in the matter of principals there is nothing lacking.
The party at Floyd's penthouse gave the "chorines" a chance for a nostalgic frolic through all those hackneyed routines which have become a classic choreographic statement of the era's nonsense.
The cast:
I was delighted with Paula Prentiss'comedy performance, which was as fresh and unstilted as one's highest hopes might ask.
And how he could write!
Writing to his colleague George Herbert Palmer -- "Glorious old Palmer", as he addresses him -- James says that if only the students at Harvard could really understand Royce, Santayana, Palmer, and himself and see that their varying systems are "so many religions, ways of fronting life, and worth fighting for", then Harvard would have a genuine philosophic universe.
Here again'God will know his own'".
"How The Kooks Crumble" features an amusingly accurate take-off on sneaky announcers who attempt to homogenize radio-TV commercials, and "The Watchers Of The Night" is a veritable waking nightmare.
'Thank God for that', I said;
The latest Low is a puzzler.
The Communists wield a power unknown to Hitler.
He writes, "Confucius held that in times of stress one should take short views -- only up to lunchtime".
Their Eisenhower is insubstantial.
But like all despots, as he builds his following from among the gullible, he grows more threatening toward those who won't follow -- such solid citizens as Doc Raccoon;
In substance they lie somewhere between the Southern dialect animal stories of Joel Chandler Harris (Uncle Remus) and the polished, witty fables of James Thurber.
One item in this unhappy scheme was to have Germany policed exclusively by its continental neighbors, among whom only the Soviet Union possessed real military strength.
No wonder Khrushchev's first message to President Kennedy was a wistful desire for the return of the "good old days" of Roosevelt.
The scope and significance of this intervention have been grossly exaggerated by Communist propaganda;
"
There is plenty of violence, to be sure, but it is a nice violence and no one gets killed.
Art Lund, a fine big actor with a great head of blond hair and a good voice, impersonates Enright.
The ballads are sweet and sad, and the music generally competent.
More than the fans of Pagnol's old films and of their heroic star, the great Raimu, were looking askance at the project.
Their collaboration in the Beethoven Second Symphony was lucid, intelligent and natural sounding.
Mr. Skolovsky's approach to the concerto was bold, sweeping and tonally percussive.
Mr. Skolovsky fully deserved the warm reception he received.
One of those parts is that of evil, evil Barnaba, the spy.
His singing was strong and musical;
Even after Elizabethan traditions were weakened by the Cromwellian interregnum, the practice of singing together -- choruses, catches and glees -- always flourished.
Nevertheless, the musicality, accuracy and infectious charm of these performances, excellently reproduced, make it an attractive look-see at the period.
They specialize in out-of-the-way items and old French music naturally occupies a good deal of their attention.
Rameau's Six Concerts En Sextuor, recorded by L'orchestre De Chambre Pierre Menet (BAM LD 046), turn out to be harpsichord pieces arranged for strings apparently by the composer himself.
They were accompanied by Anna Mi Lee, pianist.
The humor of the situation can be imagined.
Benita Valente was delightful as the young wife and John Parella was amusing as the tutor who failed to do all his tutoring.
She's fat".
She had held to the letter of her contract and didn't come onto the stage until well after 4 p.m., the appointed hour, although the Music at Newport people had tried to get the program underway at 3.
To her partisan audience, such picayune haggling would have seemed nothing more than a critic striving to hold his franchise;
Mulligan's band has been infected with his solid sense of swing, and what it does seems far more meaningful than most of the noise generated by the big concert aggregations.
Jazz Three open program
Getz is a difficult musician to categorize.
Tracing the blues from its African roots among the slaves who were brought to this country and the West Indies, he stressed the close relationship between the early jazz forms and the music of the Negro churches.
Pianists who are serious about their work are likely to know the interesting material contained in Schubert's Sonatas.
Do you say chantey, as if the word were derived from the French word chanter, to sing, or do you say shanty and think of a roughly built cabin, which derives its name from the French-Canadian use of the word chantier, with one of its meanings given as a boat-yard?
this urgent visage beckons us".
Choreographed by Mr. Nagrin, the work filled the second half of a program that also offered the first New York showing of Miss Tamiris'"Once Upon A Time" as well as her "Women's Song" and Mr. Nagrin's "Indeterminate Figure".
The Symphony Of The Air, greatly assisted by Van Cliburn, last night got its seven-concert Beethoven cycle at Carnegie Hall off to a good start.
The elements that did were the introspective slow movement, the beautiful transition to the third movement, and the passages of filigree that laced through the bigger moments of the opening movement and the final Rondo.
In the more casually constructed musicals of the Nineteen Twenties and Nineteen Thirties there would seem to have been less reason for eliminating a song of merit.
Several of these double entries have been collected by Ben Bagley and Michael McWhinney, along with Rodgers and Hart songs that disappeared permanently en route to New York and others that reached Broadway but have not become part of the constantly heard Rodgers and Hart repertory, in a delightfully refreshing album, Rodgers And Hart Revisited (Spruce Records, 505 Fifth Avenue, New York).
Rudy Vallee, who shares star billing with Mr. Morse, makes only two appearances.
stereo SWAO 1643), a saga of life on a cruise ship that is not apt to be included among Mr. Coward's more memorable works.
Tenderly and rather tediously, the camera rivets on the abrupt, deep love of a pretty nurse and a uniformed teacher, complicated by nothing more than a friend they don't want to hurt.
"Ring Of Bright Water" by Gavin Maxwell is just that -- a haunting, warmly personal chronicle of a man, an otter, and a remote cottage in the Scottish West Highlands.
Mij, as his owner was soon to learn, had strange, inexplicable habits.
Now, with the increasing interdependence between himself and Mij came a knowledge of an obscure need, that of being trusted implicitly by some creature.
Now Gavin Maxwell's Ring Of Bright Water has widened to enchant the world.
So far as I know, the Comedie has never put Moliere's people in the costumes of the 20th century, but they do reinterpret plays and characters.
by that time, he seemed to have dropped the tragic playing of the last moments of the comedy.
His Tartuffe observes the golden mean.
We are often told that the Comedie has, unfortunately, life-contracts with old actors who are both mediocre and lazy, drawing their pay without much acting but probably doing real service to the Comedie by staying off the stage.
There is hardly a jazz guitarist in the business today who doesn't owe something to Django.
He is one of the few men in history who plays jazz on a violin.
Cedric Haywood, piano;
But, with all due respects and allowances, it must truthfully be said that what they heard was more syrupy than sweet, more mannered than musical.
We have Alfredo Antonini to thank for this healthy change of diet as well as the lively performances of the Stadium Symphony.
So was the audience.
It is danced by some thirty-five men and no women, and it contains everything in the books -- lusty comedy, gregarious cavorting, and tricks that only madmen or Russians would attempt to make the human body perform.
They consisted of a new arrangement of "Nutcracker" excerpts danced stunningly by Irina Kolpakova and Mr. Sokolev, with a large ensemble;
He asked intimate questions and got frank answers from the members of what he calls the candidates'"in-groups".
And as an introduction to American politics it is highly educational.
Although a skillful politician and a courageous and honest man, Mr. Nixon, Mr. White believes, ignored his own top-level planners, wasted time and effort in the wrong regions, missed opportunities through indecision and damaged his chances on television.
Every decision was made quickly on sound grounds.
But to operate in American politics one must go a step further -- one must build a bridge to such names, establish a warmth, a personal connection".
On the whole, however, one must wonder at just what it is that forces a beloved artist to besmirch her own reputation as time marches inexorably on.
But the growing number of Negro-appeal radio stations, plus evidence of strong listener support of their advertisers, give time salesmen an impressive argument as they approach new prospects.
Futhermore, the station which wants real prestige must lead or participate in community improvement projects, not simply serve on the air.
In all big cities outside the South, and even in small towns within the South, radio stations can be found beaming some or all of their programs at Negro listeners.
Furthermore, news and special presentations inform the listener about groups, projects, and personalities rarely mentioned on a general-appeal station.
From early family portraits, painted before he entered the schools of the Pennsylvania Academy of the Fine Arts, the chronology extends to a group of paintings executed in his last year (1951) and still part of his estate.
Sloan created such works for newspaper supplements before syndication threw him out of a job and sent him to roam the streets of New York, thereby building for America an incomparable city survey from paintings of McSorley's Saloon to breezy clotheslines on city roofs.
Supplementing the actual art are memorabilia -- correspondence, diaries, books from the artist's library, etc.
The D Minor Sonata, Op. 31 No. 2, introduced by dynamically shaped arpeggios, was most engaging in its moments of quasi-recitative -- single lines in which the fingers seemed to be feeling their way toward the idea to come.
The conductor's preoccupation with the business of starting and stopping caused occasional raggedness, as with the first orchestra entrance in the Fourth Piano Concerto, but when he put his deliberations and obsequies aside and let the music move as designed, it did so with plenty of spring.
These keys are the working principles of physics, mathematics and astronomy, principles which are then extrapolated, or projected, to explain phenomena of which we have little or no direct knowledge.
First of all, and this has been calculated by observation, the universe is expanding -- that is, the galaxies are receding from each other at immense speeds.
If this is true, then the universe today looks just as it did millions of years ago and as it will look millions of years hence, even though the universe is expanding.
Dr. Lyttleton then imagines the universe as a large hydrogen sphere with surface atoms shooting away from it.
And although the universe may forever defy understanding, it might even now be finding its match in the imagination of man.
So much untidiness of mind and household does not attract the interest of the theatergoer (unless he has been living in a gilded palace, perhaps, and wants a real big heap of contrast).
Shakespeare had a word for everything, even for the rain that disrupted Wednesday night's "Much Ado About Nothing" opening the season of free theatre in Central Park.
But the rain came more heavily, and men and women in light summer clothes began to depart.
Replied Beatrice: "Yea, and I will weep a while longer".
Elisabeth Schwarzkopf sang so magnificently Saturday night at Hunter College that it seems a pity to have to register any complaints.
There was an extra pause here, a gasp or a sigh there, here and there an extra little twist of a word or note, all in the interest of effect.
Otherwise, the program included, as on Thursday, the Taras-Tchaikovsky "Design For Strings", the Dollar-Britten "Divertimento", the Dollar-De Banfield "The Duel" and the pas de deux from "The Nutcracker".
The armchair traveler preserves his illusions".
Mr. Sansom actually writes his with a nice ear for a gracefully composed sentence, with an intense relish in all the metaphorical resources of English, with a thick shower of sophisticated, cultural references.
"Beneath any feeling he has of the good or the evil of the world lies a deeper one of wonder at it all.
after a snowstorm a landscape smelling "of woodsmoke and clarity".
Yesterday it offered "Poised For Violence", by Jean Reavey.
Which in itself is an immediate reward of the WBAI experiment;
It is commendable that a regularly scheduled hour is set aside for an introduction to the contemporary musical scene.
and the hilarious picture of social life in an earlier day called "City Quadrille" are all just as good as one remembers them to have been, and they are welcome back.
Below is a specific guide, keyed to the calendar.
The shades tend to be a little softer in the forests that blanket so much of Maine.
Midwest.
New Mexico's biggest is at Ruidoso Oct. 7, 8, while Alamogordo and Cloudcroft cooperate in similar trips Oct. 1.
The "peacock tail" nozzle throws a giant fan of water 100 feet wide and 40 feet high.
The Head Of Monsieur M.,
Rachel Peden.
The mule is honored at Benson, N.C. (Sept. 22, 23) and at Boron, Calif. (Sept. 24 thru Oct. 1), while the legend of the Maid of the Mist is celebrated at Niagara Falls through the 24th.
Callas devotees will have good reason to do their customary cart wheels over a new and complete stereo version of the Bellini opera.
In the Southwest, the fall brings out flotillas of boatsmen who find the summer too hot for comfort.
On Nov. 11, 12, racers will drive their flying shingles in 5-mile laps over its 500-mile speedboat course.
Lower Mississippi.
If this was in fact Mr. Remarque's intention he has achieved a notable failure.
Her lover precedes her in death, at the wheel, and presumably he too has chosen.
Perhaps he has only forgotten a great deal.
but I shan't die tomorrow;
Against this invincible determination to communize the whole world stands a group of nations unable to agree on fundamentals and each refusing to make any sacrifice of sovereignty for the common good of all.
At war's end leadership in Western Europe passed from Britain because the Labour Government devoted its attention to the creation of a welfare state.
The net result is that under American leadership the general world situation has become bad.
"The West should make the central proposal;
In looking as far back as Moses, thence to Cromwell, Napoleon, Lincoln, Churchill, and Nehru, Montgomery attempts to trace the stirrings and qualities of great men.
And it remains to be seen if the new frontier now taking form can produce the leadership and wisdom necessary to understand the current shape of events.
For the first time in history, the U.S. has produced a society in which less than one-tenth of the people turn out so much food that the Government's most embarrassing problem is how to dispose inconspicuously of 100 million tons of surplus farm produce.
Grocery stores sell dozens of foods that boast of having almost no food value at all.
Already many an American knows his count, and rejoices or worries depending on whether it is nearer 180 (safe) or 250 (dangerous).
In West Africa, for example, where meat is a luxury and babies must be weaned early to make room at the breast for later arrivals, a childhood menace is kwashiorkor, or "Red Johnny", a growth-stunting protein deficiency (signs: reddish hair, bloated belly) that kills more than half its victims, leaves the rest prey for parasites and lingering tropical disease.
He may find even moderate physical exertion uncomfortable, because excess body fat hampers his breathing and restricts his muscular movement.
It may be fostered by frustration, depression, insecurity -- or, in children, simply by the desire to stop an anxious mother's nagging.
Keys has no such objections to Metrecal, Quaker Oats's Quota and other 900-calorie milk formulas that are currently winning favor from dieters.
They know it is the chief ingredient in gallstones.
A clot forms at the site, seals off the flow of blood to the heart and provokes a heart attack.
Here Keys and others, such as Dr. A. E. Ahrens of the Rockefeller Institute, took over to demonstrate the chemical difference between vegetable and animal fats -- and even between different varieties of each.
For in the modern world neither "spirit" nor "matter" refer to any generally agreed-upon elements of experience.
In carrying out this program science has undoubtedly performed a very considerable service for which it can claim due credit.
We simply find ourselves in the position of having no means for inquiring into the structure and meaning of this range of our experience.
For all involved in this discussion the devil is a real entity who can really be confronted in the woods on a dark night, the demon world is populated with real creatures, and witches actually can be seen flying through the air.
The tragic irony of the play is that the very belief in and concern with a devil who could be met in the woods and combatted with formulae set out in books was the very thing that prevented them from detecting the real devil when he came among them.
The concept of unity, in which positive and negative are attributes of the same force, in which good and evil are relative, ever-changing, and always joined to the same phenomenon -- such a concept is still reserved to the physical sciences and to the few who have grasped the history of ideas.
There is nothing in the whole range of human experience more widely known and universally felt than spirit.
For it is primarily in community that we know and experience spirit.
If the content of faith is to be presented today in a form that can be "understanded of the people" -- and this, it must not be forgotten, is one of the goals of the perennial theological task -- there is no other choice but to abandon completely a mythological manner of representation.
On the contrary, even in the heart of "the Bible belt" itself, as can be attested by any one who is called to work there, the industrial and technological revolutions have long been under way, together with the corresponding changes in man's picture of himself and his world.
To be sure, when this is pointed out, a common response among certain churchmen is to fulminate about "the little flock" and "the great crowd" and to take solace from Paul's castigation of the "wisdom of the wise" in the opening chapter of First Corinthians.
and that we firmly believe this will presently become evident when we set forth reasons to justify such a conviction.
To say this, of course, is to take up a position on one side of a controversy going on now for some two hundred years, or, at any rate, since the beginning of the distinctively modern period in theological thought.
However much we may have to criticize liberal theology's constructive formulations, the theology we ourselves must strive to formulate can only go beyond liberalism, not behind it.
Hence, if what is in question is whether in a given theology myth is or is not completely rejected, it is unimportant whether only a little bit of myth or a considerable quantity is accepted;
The Church Unity Octave, January 18-25, was enthusiastically devoted to prayer and discussion by the various churches.
Since the Protestant clergy for the most part wear gray or some variant from the wholly black suit, my Roman collar and black garb usually identify me in England as a Roman Catholic cleric.
In 1864 Newman professedly had to write his Apologia with his keenest feelings in order to be believed and to command a fair hearing from English readers.
An amazing article in the Manchester Guardian of last November, entitled "Fate Of Redundant Churches", states than an Archbishops'Commission "reported last month that in the Church of England alone there are 790 churches which are redundant now, or will be in 20 years'time.
One of the ironies of the present crusade for Christian unity is that there are not, relatively speaking, many real Christians to unite.
The English saints are widely venerated, quite naturally, and now there is great hope that the Forty Martyrs and Cardinal Newman will soon be canonized.
Catholic seminarians attend tutorials and row on the Cherwell with non-Catholic students.
The good feeling which exists between these two important church figures is now well known in England.
a report that 200 Protestant clergymen and laity attended a votive Mass offered for Christian unity at a Catholic church in Slough during the Church Unity Octave.
His death is his alone, yet each man can see his own death in the crucifixion of Jesus.
From God's Will and Wisdom, and from virgin earth.
The biblical symbol for this affirmation is expressed in the words: "So God created man in his own image;
"So that the man should not have thoughts of grandeur, and become lifted up, as if he had no lord, because of the dominion that had been given to him, and the freedom, fall into sin against God his Creator, overstepping his bounds, and take up an attitude of self-conceited arrogance towards God, a law was given him by God, that he might know that he had for lord the lord of all.
for she did not obey when as yet she was a virgin.
and disobedience to God entails death.
But He set a bound to his (state of) sin, by interposing death, and thus causing sin to cease, putting an end to it by the dissolution of the flesh, which should take place in the earth, so that man, ceasing at length to live in sin, and dying to it, might live to God".
Death reminds man of his sin, but it reminds him also of his transience.
It is the wages of sin, and its sting is the law.
Even so, Gannett judiciously argued, the Association could legitimately decide that Parker "should not be encouraged nor assisted in diffusing his opinions by those who differ from him in regard to their correctness".
Fortunately, the honor of the denomination can attest that Cyrus Bartol defended Parker's sincerity, as did also Gannett and Chandler Robbins;
Is it after all possible that no matter how the liberals trumpet their confidence in human dignity they are exposed to a contagion of fear more insidious than any conservative has ever to worry about?
Nevertheless, we can find reasons for respecting even the bigotry of the populace;
Even more poignantly, and with the insight of a genius, Channing added -- remember, this is Channing, not Parker!
Nor, when we recollect how sensitive were the emotions of the old Puritan stock in regard to the recent tides of immigration, should we be astonished that their thin lips were compressed into a white line of rage as Parker snarled at them thus: "Talk about the Catholics voting as the bishop tells!
"If it gave me pleasure to say hard things", he wrote, "I would shut up forever".
I have also constantly engaged in scientific work and am fully aware of the value of opinions formed in science as well as in the religions in the world.
So, I put my Bible to the practical test of noting what it says about itself, and then tested it to see how it worked.
I place His precepts and His leadings above every seeming probability, dismissing cherished convictions and holding the wisdom of man as folly when opposed to Him.
I praise God for the privilege of being a nurse who has that peace through faith in the Lord Jesus Christ.
"God so loved the world, that he gave his only begotten Son, that whosoever believeth in him should not perish, but have everlasting life", and "as many as received him, to them gave He power to become the sons of God, even to them that believe on His name".
what next?
Read your daily newspaper!
16).
Because your soul was made to be filled with God Himself, not religious functions "about" Him.
(Psalm 27: 1)
One of the most wholesome things you could schedule in your church would thus be a group confessional where people could admit of their inner tensions".
What is the real cause of them?
And that's worse than sad.
The question is: what are we going to do about them?
In Psalm 27: 1 you read those beautiful words which you must have in your heart if you are to master the fears that surround you, or to drive them out if they have you in their grip: "The Lord is my light and my salvation;
That is almost a perfect description of the predicament in which we find ourselves today, isn't it?
Practically everybody in Berlin has relatives and friends that live in the opposite part of the city.
He must learn to say with true faith what the psalmist said in a similar world: "The Lord is my light and my salvation;
And there is light!
If God could do that, He could do anything.
This is the key to the conquest of fear.
2.
After all this destruction of old literature, it should be obvious why we have so little information about the early history and development of the Lo Shu, which was already semisecret anyhow.
Furthermore, the middle number of the Lo Shu is not only the physical mean between every opposing pair of the other numbers, by reason of its central position;
After this time, inscriptions on the Han bronze mirrors, as well as other writings, emphasized the desirability of keeping one's self at the center of the universe, where cosmic forces were strongest.
Scholars made numbered sets of as many things as possible in Nature, or assigned arbitrary numbers to individual things, in a fashion that seems to the modern scientific mind as downright nonsensical, and philosophical ideas based upon all this tended to stifle speculative thought in China for many centuries.
The Yang, or male principle, was the source of light, heat, and dynamic vitality, associated with the Sun;
the 1, Heng-Shan in Hopei, North China (or the mountain with the same name in neighboring Shansi);
Few persons who join the Church are insincere.
Preparation for membership
A helpful leaflet may be enclosed in the letter.
3)
-- The Christian Faith;
Fourth session important
in conducting the Membership Preparation-Inquirers'Class, the pastor should plan a variety of teaching techniques in order to develop greater interest on the part of the class.
Some excellent filmstrips with recordings and motion pictures may be secured from your denominational headquarters to enrich the class session.
Conduct examinations, using a true-false check sheet.
There is A growing conviction among pastors and Church leaders that all those who come into the fellowship of the Church need preparatory training, including those coming by transfer of membership.
This should be a high moment in their lives, a never-to-be-forgotten experience.
Ask the new members to meet thirty minutes before the service to complete "talent sheets" and pledge cards.
Give each new member a certificate of membership.
Have a fellowship luncheon or dinner with new members as guests.
One denomination had a membership of 1,419,833 at the beginning of the period under study, and twenty years later its membership stood at 1,541,991 -- a net growth of only 122,158.
The local "family of God" has failed its new members through neglect and unconcern for their spiritual welfare.
The Church expects certain things of those who become members.
Men need unity and they need God.
to escape this fate, it must rule some things out.
Yet the fact remains that such institutions do set men at odds with their fellows.
By personal factors I mean those rooted in personality structure.
The specific instance I have in mind is the Afro-Asian version which has gained prominence only in this second half of the twentieth century.
Africans and Asians tend to consider not only missions but the local churches they have produced as centers and agents of Western culture and ideology if not of direct political propaganda.
It was not that they had been contracted for during the interval;
Theocracy reconsidered.
The new regime in Turkey is intentionally less Muslim than its predecessor.
That mention of this should bring smiles to our lips today is as clear an indication as we could wish of the extent to which attitudes have changed.
He is not talking in the main about probabilities, risks and danger in general.
Presumably, if the reverse is the case and the good effect is more certain than the evil result that may be forthcoming, not only must the good and the evil be prudentially weighed and found proportionate, but also calculation of the probabilities and of the degree of certainty or uncertainty in the good or evil effect must be taken into account.
If it continues indefinitely it is nearly a statistical certainty that a mistake will be made and that the devastation will begin".
it is no longer to be formulated in terms of the nature of present action itself, its intention, and proximate effect or the thing to be done.
Let us therefore put first things first, and make sure of preserving the human race at whatever the temporary price may be".
He does not mean, in fact he addresses himself specifically to reject the proposition, that "if we took the risk of surrendering, a new generation in Britain would soon begin to amass its strength in secret in order to reverse the consequences of that surrender".
That is why it is so very important that ethical analysis keep clear the problem of decision as to "permitted" effects, and not draw back in fright from any conceivable contingency or suffer paralysis of action before possibilities or probabilities unrelated, or not directly morally related, to what we can and may and must do as long as human history endures.
What does he conceive his role to be in this area of social unrest?
Professional responsibility is seen to consist largely in serving the wishes of the client fairly and in an efficient manner.
They would become tagged as men not interested in being purely real estate "professionals" but agitators for some kind of "cause" or "reform", and this was no longer to be a "pro".
(1) Most of the realtors minimized their own understanding of and role in the racial issue, pleading that they only reflect the attitudes and intentions of their society.
Often they are able to get in only because the area is declining economically.
Realtors in attendance at the colloquium expressed interest, for example, in Connecticut's new housing law as setting standards of equity that they would like "to have to obey", but in support of which none had been willing to go on public record.
In the states that have passed laws preventing discrimination in the sale or rental of housing, support by real estate associations for compliance and broadened coverage through additional legislation could help remove the label of "social reformism" that most realtors individually seem determined to avoid.
Most realtors and real estate brokers talk of themselves as "professional people" with the cultural and moral values held by the traditional professions.
We are looking inside the atom and seeing there a universe which is not material but something beyond the material, a universe that in a word is not matter but music.
But we had hardly started to adjust our thinking to this new uranium weapon when we were faced with the hydrogen bomb.
Of course, there is also an optimistic side to the picture.
One night there were some dried peas lying on our kitchen table, and these peas looked to me like a little group of atoms;
so we get the whole state covered with peas, about four feet deep.
we cover each of these with our blanket of peas and then at last we have octillion peas corresponding in number to the atoms in the body.
Since these electrons are moving like planets, you may wonder whether there is an atomic sun at the center of the atom.
At any rate, it shows us how immaterial we are.
Then came the scientific revolution in the late 1920's.
The Island of Nantucket, part of the State of Massachusetts, lies about thirty-one miles southeast of its mother State.
To what extent did it mould the morals and the social, economic, and political life and institutions of the country?
for still others, mostly of the nineteenth-century immigration, it was Roman Catholicism, and for a small minority it was Eastern Orthodoxy.
Thus Baptist churches on the frontier took cognizance of charges against their members of drunkenness, fighting, malicious gossip, lying, cheating, sexual irregularities, gambling, horse racing, and failure to pay just debts.
The American dream
The American dream was compounded of many strains.
Quakers, some from New England, had a larger share than their proportionate numerical strength would have warranted.
Still others sprang up late in the century to meet conditions which arose from fresh stages of the revolutionary age.
The anti-slavery movement took many forms.
As a youth he became one of Finney's band of evangelists and gave himself to winning young men.
The anti-slavery movement and other contemporary reforms and philanthropies were given leadership and financial undergirding by Arthur Tappan (1786-1865) and his younger brother, Lewis Tappan (1788-1873).
but naturally, the royal ritual, which provided unusual control over already supremely powerful divine spirits, was held responsible for regulating the universe and insuring the welfare of the kingdom.
and the daily duties of individuals were basically religious in nature.
The Taoists were Quietist mystics, who saw an unchanging unity -- the Tao -- underlying all phenomena.
In its monastic form, Mahayana was merely an organization of magic-practicing monks (bonzes), who catered to the Chinese faith in the supernatural.
Promoters of Zen to the West record its ancestry, and recognize that Zen grew out of a combination of Taoism and Indian Mahayana Buddhism.
One of its features attractive to the West is its irreverence for tradition and dogma and for sacred texts.
Early Chinese anchoritism was theoretically aimed at a mystic pantheist union with the divine, personal salvation being achieved when the mystical recluse united with divine essence.
There being no bridge, the master had to stop at the shore;
"Thou mayst have supernatural powers", exclaimed Yang Shan, "yet thou must give back the Spirit of Buddha to me".
Pope Leo 13, on the 13th day of December 1898, granted the following indulgences: "An indulgence of three hundred days is granted to all the Faithful who read the Holy Gospels at least a quarter of an hour.
The new birth is necessary because god is holy.
All have gone astray together;
2, Corinthians 4: 3, 4.
That which is born of the flesh is flesh;
Whoever is born of God does not commit sin (That is, he does not practice sin.
Everyone who loves is born of God, and knows God.
If we are born of God we grow in (not into, but in) grace.
"Amen, amen, I say to thee, unless a man be born again of water and the Spirit, he cannot enter into the kingdom of God.
behold, they are made new!
He who has the Son has the life.
Colossians 27.
The new birth is immediate and instantaneous.
you may be baptized, confirmed, reverent and worshipful;
God placed Himself in men's hands when He sent Jesus Christ into the world as perfect God and perfect Man in one Being.
You can do likewise though Christ is not bodily present.
On the other hand, you may seek His favor, humble yourself before Him and beg His mercy, implore His forgiveness, forsake your sins, and abandon your whole life to Him.
Then it will be a "fearful thing to fall into the hands of the living God" if you have abused Him in your hands.
Some have walked through pain and sorrow to bring you their message of hope.
I cannot define it fully.
The minister was Norman Vincent Peale.
Len LeSourd is my executive editor today.
And then 500,000.
Throughout these exciting years I have been fortunate for, although I have never offered great financial inducements, talent has found its way to me: William Boal who so ably organizes business operations;
Sidney Fields, years of experience as a New York columnist;
all over the country a massive shield of prayer was thrown around him.
And there is also something intangible that hovers around the table.
May He bless you all.
My grandfather had been stoned because of his editorials.
Castro's reforms?
his People's Courts;
I was proud of the new buildings which housed Diario now: the rotogravures, gleaming behind glass doors;
I knew in that moment that I did not have any choice.
That's because the good professor teaches only Weider methods at his famous Montreal Health Studio which is located at 1821 Mt. Royal East in Montreal.
Seeing so many illustrations and reading so many testimonials to the value of Quick-Wate and Super-Protein, those two wonder-working Weider food supplements, he decided to try them and see what they could do for him.
It just got longer and longer".
You need the barbell variation to build width and mass in the pecs.
he just can't do anything about it at all!
Rarer still is a Mr. America or Mr. Universe of true Herculean build.
It is the one exercise that drastically influences the definition of the thighs at the hipline -- that mark of the champion that sets him apart from all other bodybuilders;
2.
2.
You should also begin this exercise with a very light barbell until you become accustomed to it balance-wise.
"I just love them", he said.
His soil was "nothing special", just prairie land, but he had harrowed in compost until it was loose, spongy and brown-black.
For my seedbed I use good garden soil with a little sand added to encourage rooting.
The moral is: don't transplant it any oftener than you must.
As a substitute for this, organic fertilizer dissolved in water to half the strength in the directions, may be used.
If those aren't enough for you, why not grow some just for winter blooming?
The day will come, in midsummer, when you find your plants becoming "leggy", running to tall-growing foliage at the expense of blossoms.
Here is a word of advice when you go shopping for your pansy seeds.
The flowers will be huge.
The avocado should have a "give" to it, as you hold it, when it is ripe.
The fruit is then cooled to 42-degrees-F., a temperature at which it lapses into a sort of dormant state.
Avocados, however, are very rich in nutrients.
Five, four, three, two, one, fire!
The will of its people, so crucial in time of peril, would be broken.
We must make certain that the aircraft is finished before we give the entire job to the missile.
It seems reasonable that if general nuclear war is not to be one cataclysmic act of burning each other's citizens to cinders, we must have a manned strategic force of long-endurance aircraft capable of going into China or Russia to find and destroy their strategic forces which continued to threaten us.
Forces will survive a surprise attack, and these forces will give depth, or considerable duration, to the conflict.
but the airfield, on which the aircraft is completely dependent, is doomed by the missile.
Use nuclear propulsions to keep our long-range military aircraft in the air for the majority of their useful life.
For example, a 12-to-one engine would power a supersonic VTOL fighter.
But in the case of moving targets, and targets which have limited mobility, what will their location be when it is time to destroy them?
It could operate under the clouds and perform infrared photography through clouds and at night.
But for students of musical forms and would-be classifiers, the work presents its problems.
Whether considered alone or in relation to other editions, COLH 40 is a document of prime importance.
About the Pro Arte's contribution I am less happy.
The assisting musicians from the Vienna Octet are somewhat lacking in expertise, but their contribution is rustic and appealing.
Helmut Roloff, playing with a group of musicians from the Bayreuth Ensemble, gives a sturdy reading, in much the same vein as that of the last-mentioned pianists.
Since the concept of high fidelity became important some dozen years ago, the claims of technical improvements have multiplied tenfold.
Yet it is the accumulation of distortion, the fitting together of fractional bits until the total reaches the threshold of our awareness, that makes records sound like records.
A contributing factor is the perspective, the uniform aesthetic distance which is maintained.
Those accustomed to broader, more romantic statements of the symphony can be expected to react strongly when they hear this one.
The first substantially complete stereo Giselle (and the only one of its scope since Feyer's four-sided LP edition of 1958 for Angel), this set is, I'm afraid, likely to provide more horrid fascination than enjoyment.
As has been the custom for the past several years, John Cross, Jr., Bench Show Chmn. of Westminster, arranged for the Juniors'meeting before the Class, and invited two speakers from the dog world to address them.
Dogs have a way of sensing our feelings!
"Your aids are your attitude, which comes through your voice, your hands and legs -- voice to encourage, discourage or whatever the need may be;
He gave a resume of the steps taken in order for the boy he sponsored to win the scholarship.
This thoughtful gesture was well received by the Juniors as the Class had an entry of 46 Juniors and it took approximately one hour, 45 minutes to judge the Class.
It seemed an almost impossible job for Miss Rogers to select 4 winners from the 46 Juniors entered.
Other winners
Next year 1962, at Westminster, the Bench Show Committee has raised the requirements so that a junior must win 3 or more Junior Classes in the open division only to qualify for Westminster.
This Class can be just as successful in the dog world if it is given a chance.
Other awards for Juniors
We've never been refused!
About 40,000,000 people participated in boating in 1960.
It is a simple task to haul a boat fifty or one hundred miles to a lake or reservoir on the new, light, strong, easy-to-operate trailers which are built to accommodate almost any kind of small boat and retail from $100 to $2,000.
Boat prices vary according to the buyer's desires or needs.
You may dress it up with any number of accessories or keep it as simple as you choose.
Great thought has been given to making life easier for the growing boating population of the country;
When air travel was in its infancy, the sky was considered big enough and high enough for all.
If your state has no provisions for the numbering of pleasure boats, you must apply for a number from the U.S. Coast Guard for any kind of boat with mechanical propulsion rated at more than 10 horsepower before it can be used on Federal waterways.
A primary factor in the success of the safety program has been the enthusiastic cooperation of the individual manufacturers.
This year, over 100,000 persons will receive this free instruction.
A recent survey disclosed there are about 4,000 commercially and municipally operated marinas and boatyards in the United States, the majority of which are equipped to handle outboard boats.
These slide into and out of the notches in the tappets as the tappets are moved, locking and unlocking them.
Such locks are nearly always used where the switch points "face" oncoming traffic.
The blacked-in blades indicate a fixed aspect -- the blade does not move.
Our instructions assume you are building this particular frame, which is for a junction.
Tack-solder all the 1/2" sq. pieces to the 10" and 12" members.
See Fig. 7.
Now reassemble the frame, using Af roundhead steel screws and nuts.
Locate their positions in Fig. 7 and drill No. 43 to match the corresponding holes in the frame.
To find the other stop screw position, insert the tappet into the frame and hold the screw head tight against the frame edge.
As the work progresses the frame and moving parts become a sort of Chinese puzzle where several pieces must be removed before the part you are working on is accessible.
Draw-file the edges, square up the ends and put a slight chamfer on the edges so they will not snag in the frame.
Scribe V-shaped lines on the bar and rough out with either a hack saw or a cutting disk in a hand power tool.
Chuck a 2" or 3" piece of 1/8" dia. drill rod in a drill press or electric hand tool.
however, he will have a clearer understanding of what he is doing and the chances are he will be more successful if he understands the few formulas that apply to rodding.
The symbol for division is a straight line that separates two numbers placed one above the other.
It separates two or more numbers.
Multiplication, subtraction, and addition can then be accomplished as they appear in the equation by starting at the left end of the equation and working toward the right.
Some formulas contain "constants".
Displacement is sometimes referred to as "swept volume".
Dimensions in inches, and fractions of inches will give the displacement in cubic inches.
A cylinder's compression ratio is computed by comparing the cylinder's volume, or its displacement, with the total volume of the cylinder and its combustion chamber.
However, the displacement of the cylinder can be converted to cubic centimeters.
The total of these three volumes is the "final combustion chamber volume".
There are four versions of the formula that involves the relationships of car speed, engine speed, rear axle gear ratio, and rear tire size.
This is done by measuring the distance from the surface on which the tire is resting to the center of the rear axle shaft.
.
This colt is behind most of the other 2-year-olds in the Simpson stable but can show about as much pace as any of them.
It took this colt several weeks to strike a pace.
This is one of the best-tempered Tar Heels ever at the center.
Torrid Adios (Torrid-Adios Molly) is not so masculine as most of the colts, but I like his type and he certainly is one of the best-gaited pacers on the grounds.
On January 11 she paced a mile in 2:43.1--:38;
Majestic Pick comes next, with a mile in 2:30-:33.2.
Hickory Hill (Star's Pride-Venus Hanover) has gone in 2:33;
Checkit (Faber Hanover-Supermarket) 2:35;
Harold J. (Worthy Boy-Lady Scotland) 2:36;
In going away Debonnie got behind several lengths, stalling at the start -- she is a little fussy.
Prudent Hanover (Dean Hanover-Precious Hanover), 2:30.3-:35.3;
Sam is having his troubles with Layton Hanover (Dean Hanover-Lucy Hanover), but hopes to have him straightened out and going before long.
Work-outs for the week are as follows: Plain Scotch, 3 (by Scotch Victor), Demon Law, 3 (by Demon Hanover), Coffee Royal, p (by Royal Blackstone) and Beauty Way, p, 3 (by Demon Hanover) in 25;
Maria Key, 2, 2:06 looked great in 2:22;
You still have time to drop a few hints about the gifts you'd appreciate most;
Ruger reports that on his recent African safari the little Magnum cartridge was a real work horse.
Within half an hour I jumped a six-point buck that hop-skipped through a rhododendron thicket, and I caught him just behind the left foreleg at 60 yards.
At present it's available in one model, the fine and familiar Smith & Wesson Magnum revolver (about $110), long a top-quality handgun among target arms.
I tested it in my scoped S & W and it was good enough to allow me to hit a chuck with every shot at 100 yards if I did my part by holding the handgun steadily.
Shotgun-type rubber recoil pads are standard on all of the Magnums except the
High Standard has introduced a
It's extremely accurate for an auto, and the test rifle I tried was completely trouble-free in functioning.
The Targo is a good outfit for fun shooting or for economic wing-shooting practice, but it's tougher than it looks to run up a score on the clay birds.
The latest versions of the famous Savage Model 99 are the 99 Featherweight (about $125) and the 99 Deluxe (under $135), which have a top-tang safety and improved trigger design.
it's a single-shot bolt-action with an automatic safety -- i.e., the safety goes on every time the bolt is lifted and the gun cocked for the next shot.
Shotguns,'61
Mossberg's latest contribution to the field is the Model 500 (from $73.50);
He had two interests in life: the pleasures of the table and driving.
They gathered roots, bulbs, odd ferns, leaves, and bits of resin from the rare Santa Lucia fir, which exists only on a forty-five mile strip on the westerly side of these mountains.
It was draped with snowy napkins that kept hot a platter of oyster salt roast and a mound of corn fritters.
After the meal, he and his guests went out to inspect the rig;
There are many ways of making a kedgeree, every one of which is right.
Fry in butter a small minced onion, rub with a tablespoonful of flour, add half a cup of cream, six beaten eggs, pepper, celery salt, a teaspoonful of minced chives, a dash of cayenne, and a pinch of nutmeg.
Vernon wore a gray tall hat, a gardenia, and maroon Wellington boots that glistened like currant jelly.
they were no more on parade than was their driver;
There was Wright's, for one, lost amongst trees, its wide verandas strewn with rockers.
Then simmer fifteen minutes longer.
The merit of the pie, Vernon believed, was due more to its making than to the waning heat of the oven.
The miracle of democratic America comes home to one most strongly only when one has seen the endless Great Plains of the Midwest;
The Northeast
From here you can easily include a side trip to the old whaling port of Nantucket, Massachusetts, which looks just as it must have two centuries ago.
These striking, modernistic buildings on the East River are open to the public and every weekday guided tours are available.
It encompasses in its expanse areas where the natural beauty encourages a vacation of quiet contemplation, on the one hand, to places where entertainment and spectacles of all sorts have been provided for the tourist with camera.
Miami Beach and surroundings feature fabulous "hotel row", palm-studded beaches plus the Miami Seaquarium and Parrot Jungle.
Gatlinburg, Tennessee, is the center of this area.
Try some closeups on Southern blossoms to provide a welcome contrast with the many long-view scenics you'll be making.
A visit to Chicago's museums and a stroll around broad Michigan Avenue will unfold many photogenic subjects to the alert photographer.
Minnesota, fabled land of waters, is in itself, ideal vacationland, having within its borders 10,000 lakes!
Another memo for sightseers: bring your camera along to museums.
For early vacationers there's the fun-filled Fishing Derby in Hot Springs, Arkansas, April 19-23, and the Arkansas Band Festival in Hot Springs, April 20-22.
Built upon seven hills, Istanbul, like Rome, is one of the most ancient cities in the world, filled with splendor and contrast.
When that was broken up after the First World War, its name was changed once more.
On the other side of the Golden Horn I rode through Eminonu Square, with Yeni Cami, or the New Mosque, which dates from the Seventeenth Century, just across from the entrance to the bridge.
With the birth of the Turkish Republic after the First World War, St. Sophia became a museum, and the ancient mosaics, which were plastered over by the Moslems, whose religion forbids pictures in holy places, have been restored.
Statues and other monuments that stood there were stolen, mostly by the waves of Crusaders.
Inside, the walls are covered with blue and white tile, the floor with red and cream carpets.
There is still water in it.
In the court once more, I went right toward the Reception House, a long one-story building with a deep portico.
Do build a wall of glowing coals six to eight inches in front of meat that is barbecued on an electric spit.
Have a test-run on the family first, to be sure timing and seasoning are right.
)
There is even one set that has "barbecue" written on it.
lots of them.
Get copper or earthenware mugs that keep beer chilled or soup hot.
Turn off at any one of the marked picnic areas (gasoline companies have touring service bureaus that issue booklets on national parks to tell you where you have barbecue facilities) and -- with soft drinks cooled from morning loading up, hamburger, buns, an array of relishes, and fresh fruit -- your lunch is 75% cheaper than at a restaurant, and 100% more fun.
Sure, for the most of us, a frankfurter is the favorite.
This permits the juices to permeate the meat during cooking.
Jiffy barbecues
You'll never hear "sayonara", the Japanese word for goodbye, from your guests when you give a hibachi party.
Also spear pineapple chunks and place in separate bowl.
A back-yard picnic with grilled frankfurters and a selection of frankfurter trimmings is a fine way to entertain guests this summer.
Savory sauerkraut: add several tablespoons of brown sugar to a can of sauerkraut.
simmer 15 minutes, stirring occasionally, until sauce is of desired consistency.
Frankfurter twists
.
Ceramic modeling clay: red, white or buff.
Whenever possible, use the wooden mold as a pattern for cutting clay.
To release clay from mold, place hands in a cupped position around project;
Leave the clay on plaster board to dry slowly, covered lightly with a loose piece of plastic or cloth to prevent warping.
Round plaque
Paperweight may be personalized on back while clay is leather hard.
pattern D for lid fits over top diameter of Aj.
use slip to join overlapped ends together.
press eraser of pencil gently 1/4" deep into deep clay to allow vent for proper drying and firing.
Glaze with two coats of matt glazes in turquoise with touches of blossom pink on lid.
Cut beveled edge on the long sides of clay at a 45-degree angle to miter corners.
add top last.
bevel overlapping ends for splice joint, score beveled edges.
To add handle, place a wooden dowel against the inside wall of creamer.
Make same as salt and pepper shakers, leaving off top pieces.
use three strips of clay to hold in place (see Fig. 2, page 71).
When changing from one color to another, whether working on right or wrong side, pick up the new strand from underneath dropped strand.
To insert markers:
backstitch pieces together close to edge.
Thread matching yarn in tapestry needle.
She also banks into a turn like a fine runabout -- not digging in on the outside to throw passengers all over the boat like many a small cabin cruiser.
Our building time was slightly over 400 hours -- but the total cost for the hull with Fiberglas bottom, sink, head and hardware was under $800.
Draw each outline in a different-color chalk, one on top of the other.
Be sure all members are parallel, vertical and level as required.
A stem jig is next cut to the proper shape and temporarily fastened to frame one.
The battens are carefully fastened in place after some necessary fairing on all frames.
This can be obtained in 42-inch widths 24 feet long.
Then it is marked on the inside where it comes in contact with the transom, frames, keelson and all the battens.
A 50-inch width is used on each side and it laps the keel line by about three inches.
Before the resin has hardened, screw a one-inch mahogany keel strip along the centerline.
This is made up of scraps left over from the sides and bottom.
With all deck battens in place, the bilge is cleaned and painted up to the floor line.
Lightweight, non-absorbent, fire resistant and dimensionally stable, it is easily bonded to the wood with contact cement.
The theory
Close to a large city they might even specify the size of the nails used;
The site
The materials
It is recommended that panels be both glued as well as nailed to the frame.
In any case, there is no special milling or rabbeting required for the panels.
This will reduce vibration and increase accuracy.
The return spring tension may be adjusted to suit individual requirements by gripping the spring housing with a pair of pliers (to prevent the spring from unwinding when it is released), loosening the lock nut or screw, and rotating the housing until the desired tension is achieved.
You will find a chart giving the various speed ratios available with your particular drill press somewhere in the instruction booklet that came with the tool.
All will do a good job if sharp, but the twist drills don't cut quite as smoothly as the others, since they do not have the outlining spurs that sever the fibers before actual boring starts.
When a hole is to be bored to a predetermined depth, mark the depth on the side of the stock, then run the bit down so that it is even with the mark.
This paper was signed by forty-five persons, subscribing a total of two hundred shares.
In appearance and construction it resembles the Pascataqua bridge.
As far as we know, no American bridge had been thus protected in 1792.
and, although he later explained that he was talking French, it seems rather more likely that he had succumbed to the joys of the evening.
Information is hereby given that Mr. Timothy Palmer of Newburyport, Mass. has agreed to take charge of the concerns of the Patentees of the Chain Bridge, in the states of Massachusetts, New Hampshire, Vermont, Rhode Island, and Connecticut, so far as relates to the sale of Patent rights and the construction of Chain Bridges.
The Essex bridge was a toll crossing until 1868, when the County Commissioners laid out all the Merrimack bridges as highways.
So frequently have pictures of the bridge appeared in books and in national publications that it vies with the old John Brown Fort at Harpers Ferry as the two nationally best known structures in West Virginia.
he reasoned and argued, pointing out that Jones or other Confederate commanders would need it should troops pass that way in retreat.
But problems cling to pools, as any pool owner knows.
On the other hand, out-of-sight does not lead to out-of-mind when children cannot be easily observed and you have to make a long trek to reach the pool.
Naturally it will be dictated to a large extent by the shape and size of your land.
Not at all.
Just short of forty lashes we finally managed to coerce our children to this view.
)
Safety rules, of course, are more important than all the others put together.
Soignee pools, alas, do not just happen.
The walls feel slippery.
As the pool is emptied, stand by to brush down the walls and bottom while they are still wet.
Follow pool-care instructions to the letter, and be sure that one person (in the family or not) is regularly responsible for each aspect of the job, with no chance for claiming, "It wasn't my turn".
Its upkeep?
Housekeeping is easier.
Like its long-lived cousin, the refrigerator, a conditioner can be expected to last 20 to 25 years or more.
If your house is to have a forced warm air system, cooling can be a part of it.
This is especially important if you live in a mild-winter zone.
It is, in effect, an oversize room conditioner equipped with prefab glass-fiber ducts to distribute the cooled, cleaned, dehumidified air where it is wanted.
You can get this added heating feature for as little as $200 more than the price of cooling alone.
A very rough rule of thumb is that, under favorable conditions, you'll need 15 BTU's of cooling for every square foot of your house.
Don't urge your builder to give you a little extra cooling capacity just to be sure you have enough.
If you have a house which heat doesn't penetrate easily, your unit will have less heat to remove.
Restrict large glass areas to the north and south sides of the house.
It costs two to three times as much to remove a BTU in summer as it does to add one in winter, so every solitary BTU is worth attention.
With such a program you can make constructive selections of the best sites available.
These are a great aid for planning use back at the office.
The same is true of areas which at first look good because of a few existing recreation features but may actually be poor areas to develop for general public use.
Frontage on a body of clear, clean water will be vastly different from the same amount of frontage on polluted water.
This follows naturally since frontage on an ocean, stream, or lake provides scenic values and opportunities for the very popular recreation activities of bathing, fishing, boating, and other water sports.
Other factors, such as water temperature, depth of water, the fish life it supports, wave action, flooding, etcetera, will affect its recreation value.
Clams, crabs, and other marine life may add interest at coastal areas.
Many things need to be checked:
Adjoining areas
-- In addition to its recreation interests, water is needed for drinking, sanitation, and irrigation.
Exposure
The Serge Prokofieff whom we knew in the United States of America was gay, witty, mercurial, full of pranks and bonheur -- and very capable as a professional musician.
Certainly its composer was an ascending star on a new world horizon.
"Uncle Sam" was, indeed, a rich uncle to Prokofieff, in those opulent, post-war victory years of peace and prosperity, bold speculations and extravaganzas, enjoyment and pleasure: "The Golden Twenties".
In this world-wide conscription of men, minds, and machines, Prokofieff was recalled to his native land.
He accepted the environment of his destiny -- took root and grew to fulfill the stature of his early promise.
The early works were conceived for a sophisticated, international audience;
Need for novelty may be a symptom of cultural fatigue and instability.
When Prokofieff forged his new clarity of "lucid, straightforward music, so difficult to compose", he shaped his talents to his purpose.
a maladroit reharmonization of our National Anthem (The Star-Spangled Banner);
time and economic security;
That his moods, even in his early years, are those of his people, does him honor, as his music honors those who inspired it.
It is this subject matter that has brought Mason a large and enthusiastic following among sportsmen, but it is his exceptional performance with this motif that commends him to artists and discerning collectors.
In the best tradition, he first taught himself to see, then to draw with accuracy and assurance, and then to paint.
instructive -- maybe;
If the artist would study his work more thoroughly and move certain units in his design, often only slightly, finer pictures would result.
Then I plan my attack: the parts I will finish first, the range of values, the accenting of minor details -- all in all, mechanics of producing the finished job with a maximum of crispness.
The great absorbency of this tissue and the fact that it is easier to control than a sponge makes it an ideal tool for the watercolorist.
Unlike many decorative patterns that present a static flat convention, this artist's pictures are full of atmosphere and climate.
they universalize in terms of weather, skies, earth, and people.
the Blair Purchase Prize for watercolor, Art Institute of Chicago;
After all, we did pretty well in some other areas of the Olympics competition.
The addition of endurance training later, when the body is mature enough to benefit from it without danger of injury, provides that final quality that makes the top athlete, soldier or citizen.
Russia knows this, and that is why there were over 800,000 competing for places as candidates for the Olympic gymnastic team.
President Kennedy has asked that we become a physically fit nation.
They often fail, however, to develop real abdominal, back, chest, shoulder and arm strength.
When they can take ten seconds to accomplish the descent, they will have the strength to chin-up.
Start on the knees in a large circle.
Handstands
This will prevent flat falls and toe injuries.
Be sure the head drops backward so that the child looks at the floor rather than toward the ceiling.
Improvement can be measured by the lessening distance between toes and head.
If, however, the child is weak, overweight, or afraid, more help will be needed.
The host of novel applications of electronics to medical problems is far more thrilling because of their implication in matters concerning our health and vitality.
Ultraviolet microscopy
The microscope and orthicon are both selected to operate well into the ultraviolet spectrum, which means that all lenses must be quartz.
At the present time the research team which pioneered this new technique is primarily interested in advancing and perfecting it.
For many of these measurements the chest must be opened, but the blood vessels and the heart itself remain undisturbed.
A still more sophisticated system has been devised for determining the effective power of the heart itself.
This original capsule contained a battery and a transistor oscillator and was about 1 cm. in diameter.
One of the most gratifying applications of an important technique of submarine detection is in the exploration of the human body.
The transducer is coupled to the body through a water bath, not shown.
A cross-section of a normal lower human leg is shown in Fig. 8 with the various parts labeled.
Whatever Hans or Anders learned separately they passed on to each other;
I lived in this onward-driving contest where each day overcame a new difficulty, gained a new truth, or banished a previous error".
He also met Count Rumford (born Benjamin Thompson in Woburn, Mass.) who was then serving the Elector of Bavaria, and the physicist Ritter;
Thus, 1745 corresponded to the invention of the "Leiden" jar by Kleist, 1764 that of the electrophorus by Wilcke, 1782 produced the condenser of Volta, and 1801 the voltaic pile.
In 1800, Manthey went abroad and Oersted was appointed manager of the Lion Pharmacy.
His interest in finding a relationship between voltaic electricity and magnetism is here first indicated.
By that, one feels that magnetic forces are as general as electrical forces.
Esmarch was among those who witnessed Oersted's first demonstration of his discovery.
At this lecture Oersted happened to place the conducting wire over and parallel to a magnetic needle.
drug's chemical name:
For prevention or treatment of bacterial scours, feed 0.1 to 5 milligrams per pound of body weight daily.
As an aid in the prevention of bacterial diarrhea (scours), feed 50 grams per ton.
For prevention of these diseases during periods of stress such as shipping, excessive handling, vaccination, extreme weather conditions: 350 milligrams per head per day for 30 days only.
Dynafac.
-- 1.0 gram premix per head per day for promoting growth, feed conversion, and getting lambs on full feed earlier.
The recommended 10-milligram daily intake level should be maintained.
Improves growth rate and feed efficiency of fattening beef animals.
Caution:
Drug's chemical name:
Methyl polysiloxanes.
Also, aids in the control of horn flies by preventing them from hatching in the droppings.
Continuous administration is not recommended for lactating cows.
What it does:
-- feed at level for 2 or 3 days.
Prevents and treats acetonemia (ketosis) in dairy cows.
Not less than milligram but not more than 1.25 milligrams of additive per pound of body weight.
Selecting bunks by economic comparison is usually an individual problem.
Companies of all types have made great advances in production capabilities and efficiencies -- in modern equipment and new processes, enlarged R & D facilities, faster new product development.
Despite generally good levels of income, we see greater price pressures than ever before -- traveling back along the chain from consumer to distributor to manufacturer.
Need for service is here to stay -- and the problem is going to be tougher to solve in the sixties.
In spending his money today, the consumer is pulled in many directions.
We have already witnessed great changes through mergers and acquisitions in the food industry -- at both the manufacturing and retail ends.
Moreover, the larger and more aggressive mass distribution outlets and chain stores have insisted on high quality -- and the customer seems to have caught on.
Have you studied the caliber and sales approaches of your sales force in relation to requirements for effective marketing?
In your sales force, will a smaller number of higher-priced, high-quality salesmen serve you best, or can you make out better with a larger number of lower-paid salesmen?
Have you evaluated the proper place of advertising and all phases of promotion in your total marketing program -- from the standpoint of effort, money, and effectiveness?
Are there individuals in your organization who can shepherd a new product through to commercialization;
Nor has the training been enough in relation to the need.
Complexity of complete marketing planning.
The key to effective marketing is wrapped up in defining your company's marketing problems realistically.
The real question that follows is -- how are those four years used and what is their value as training?
Furnishes complete cost estimates for clients approval.
The old established independent art schools try their best to fulfill their obligations.
In the earlier years of training certain phases of the work must be covered and the synthetic problem has its use.
The largest of these organizations at present denies to the full time educator any vote on the conduct and standards of the group and, indeed, refuses him even the right to attach the customary initials after his name in the college catalog.
It is discouraging for students to realize that the societies do not truly uphold the standards for which they are supposed to stand.
We must build a corps of highly professional teachers of interior design who have had education, experience in the profession and are willing to take on the usual accompaniments of teaching -- minimal income and minimal status among their confreres.
The question, however, cannot be ignored for long.
There will be no mitigation of these offences until all art schools, whether independent or attached to universities have separate accreditation -- as do medical schools -- by an art accreditation group such as the "National Association of Schools of Art".
Are you using the most economical printing methods, paper, etc.
Have you publicized the cents-per-hour value of the company's share of insurance premiums?
Are you careful to restrict the number of people on leave at one time so that your total employment obligation is minimized?
Recreation facilities
Transportation and parking
Which is more economical for your plant -- a vacation shutdown or spaced vacations that require extra employees for vacation fill-ins?
Can you share medical facilities and staff with neighboring plants?
How old is your working force?
Communications
Have the insurance company or your own accounting department break down the cost of your insurance package periodically.
Special time off
Retirement policies
Thus, there is an added incentive to stay on the job.
Eating facilities
This will cut the expense of vacation replacements.
Just as modern transportation has outmoded the early Studebaker covered wagon, the demand of today's sportsmen and women has necessitated changes in their equipment.
Following the kick-off of SAAMI's shooting development program in 1954, a most interesting meeting took place in Washington, D.C.
In 1959 SAAMI's shooting development program announced a new activity designed to expose thousands of teen-age boys and girls to the healthy fun enjoyed through the participation in the shooting sports.
The continuation and expansion of the shooting development program will assure to some degree that national and community leaders will be made aware of the ever-growing need for shooting facilities and activities for hunting and shooting in answer to public demand.
Ask Sammy Shooter.
No one knows where it will stop.
They are struggling to meet the demand for camping space, but families are being turned away, especially on holiday weekends.
Among them, according to the U.S. Department of Commerce, are: (1) shorter work weeks, (2) higher pay, (3) longer paid vacations, (4) better transportation, (5) earlier retirement, and (6) more education.
The automobile expenses are about the only vacationing cost they can't either eliminate or pare down drastically by camping along the way.
Today's campers want comforts, and they have them.
There have always been tales of disillusionment -- the competent technician who became an administrator, willingly or not, and found he didn't like it;
Yet our economy clings inexorably to recognition of managerial status as the gage of success.
This difficulty arises even though we can give examples of men who have actually followed this course.
It is common to shift back and forth, working up through a number of supervisory and individual-contributor positions.
Consulting Engineer, Heat Transfer
the top non-supervisory level, senior staff engineer, enjoys status and pay ranging up to that for the second level of engineering supervision.
Part of this headquarters staff, however, are engineering managers who work between divisional chief engineers and headquarters management.
Another structure
The highest position is known as a'research scientist.
Staff engineer dept. manager
"We also do a number of things to build up the prestige of the engineer as a'professional'and also to give public recognition to individual technical competence.
All scientific staff members will have the title,'research-staff member.
This is a pilot operation sponsored by a new entity chartered in Delaware as the Tri-State Pipeline Corporation, with principal offices in New York State.
As a result of that attitude, others have been discouraged from trying central distribution.
When a family buys a home the title is subject to a perpetual easement to Tri-State.
He must undertake complete servicing of the oilheating equipment to assure fine heating.
Several financial institutions, both banks and insurance companies, have been sounded out.
He believes that this is a sound approach to gas competition in builder developments where gas is available.
Only eight of the 50 houses were completed at the time of the editor's visit on June 8th;
Don't save the anti-freeze, even if it the expensive "permanent" type.
Use the air hose for this job.
The thermostat is important to get your engine up to operating temperature quickly, and to keep it running at its most efficient temperature through the proper circulation of the coolant.
Does your policy have a lay-up clause?
The importance of the sign industry to the plastics industry, however, is not in terms of volume alone.
And it's far from the end for plastics.
Out of many factors which might be cited, five are most important: 1.
3.
Among the newest fabrication methods to enter the display field are expandable styrene molding and blow molding.
Its clarity and good optical properties are other important factors.
Trans-illuminated billboards
Signs of this type have already made their appearance in several larger cities, and others are on the way.
Sixteen panels, each slightly more than 1-1/2 ft. wide, make up the 25-ft. length of the sign.
Ideal for merchandising use, they are weather-resistant, and have mounting pegs on the back which fit into openings in a vacuum-formed waffle-pattern background panel.
Made in lengths from 3 to 10 ft., the bars are shaped in cross section to provide a secure fit for the tapered slots molded in back of the letters.
.
There is no better way to waste time than trying to install a furnace in a finished Af closet.
New rule no. 3: rethink everything to get all the big savings the revolution in materials handling offers you
It changes the answers on when to do what at the site.
.
Here is where things stand today:
More than 50% of all lumber is unitized;
First was a 1958 cut of more than 50% on that portion of the load in excess of 40,000 lb;
So manufacturers have pioneered a new type of vehicle -- the self-unloading carrier.
Already this study has suggested ways to cut his foundation manhours from 170 to 105 by eliminating idle time and wasted motion.
No house was ever built that could not have been built better for less if the work had been better planned and the work better scheduled.
There comes a time in the lives of most of us when we want to be alone.
And what better way to end a day than by dining with artists and gourmets in a squat but charming fisherman's village on the Mediterranean?
The disadvantages to this method are that you may not have as great a choice of models readily available or you may have to wait a few days or, during the busy tourist season, when cars are in great demand, you might find it fairly difficult to get a car at all.
The charge is variable, however, and goes as low as $.50 a day in Ireland and as high as $2.00 a day in Greece.
There is the free intra-city "rent it here, leave it there" service, as an example, the free delivery and collection at the airport, dockside or your hotel, luggage racks, touring documents and information and other similar services.
The same model car might be available in six or eight countries, yet not two countries will have the same rate either for the daily rate or rate per kilometer driven.
After the first month, rates are considerably less, averaging only about $60 a month for most 4- and 5-passenger models.
The fees for the rental of chauffeur-driven cars vary in the different countries in the same manner as they do for the drive-yourself cars.
Conclusions: The people involved (and subsequent facts bear me out here) knew clearly the relative values of peanuts and emeralds, both monetary and sentimental.
Later, he became one of the central spirits of the Army Language Program and the language school of Washington's Foreign Service Institute.
Quite other feelings are evidenced by this style: Af Note the drop to pitch 1 (the lowest) on mother with no rise at the end of the sentence;
At a minimum, recording -- usually on tape, which is now in wide professional use -- brings the psychiatric interview alive so that the full range of emotion and meaning can be explored repeatedly by the therapist or by a battery of therapists.
aside from her specifically regional accent, she reveals by the use of the triad, "irritable, tense, depressed", a certain pedantic itemization that indicates she has some familiarity with literary or scientific language (i.e., she must have had at least a high-school education), and she is telling a story she has mentally rehearsed some time before.
This the therapist may pursue in later questioning.
Some of the classic indicators, as described by Drs. Pittenger, Hockett, and Danehy in The First Five Minutes, are these: ambiguity of pronouns:
The John Harvey arrived in Bari, a port on the Adriatic, on November 28th, making for Porto Nuovo, which, as the name indicates, was the ancient city's new and modern harbor.
To silence extremists, to warn the Axis, President Roosevelt issued this statement for the Allies in August:
It would be made in three waves -- the first to lay down a smokescreen, the second to drop the gas bombs, the third to shower incendiaries which would burn everything below.
He knew that German long-range bombers had been returning to the attack in Italy.
More than that, Allied air had complete superiority in the Eighth Army's sector.
Then he was to co-ordinate his fire with a radar-controlled shore gun firing white tracers.
What would his guns guide on then -- the North Star?
Lieutenant Richardson could envy the officers and men of the John Harvey in their innocent assumption that the ship contained nothing more dangerous than high explosive bombs.
His eyes boggled.
It was the silver foil from the chocolate bar he had been eating.
Stop the engines"!
Captain Musmanno roared at his men to lash three of the casks of olive oil together for a raft.
Luckily, she was not completely aflame and would go down before the gasoline could erupt.
Occasionally there are examples of pre-vision which cannot be pushed aside without confessing an unscientific attitude.
The basic mystery of dreams, which embraces all the others and challenges us from even the most common typical dream, is in the fact that they are original, visual continuities.
For instance, the dreamer sees himself seated behind neighbor Smith and, with photographic realism, sees Smith driving the car;
As retinal images are conceded to be an integral function of the brain it seems logical to suppose that the nerves, between the inner brain and the eyes, carry the direct drive for cooperation from the various brain centers -- rather than to theorize on the transmission of an image which is already in required location.
The body, senses and brain, in common with all matter, have their counterpart on each of a countless number of frequencies.
We may conclude that all six points of information, ostensibly given by the dream priest, could have been furnished by Dr. Hilprecht's subconscious reasoning.
If deja vue is an illusion, then peculiarly, it is a most prevalent mental disturbance affecting even the most level-headed people.
Because the food is selected with thought for its nutritional value, care for its origin, and prepared in a manner that retains the most nutrients, the food does taste good.
In a climate hostile to agriculture, Mr. Clark has had to keep alert to the most productive farm techniques.
Separate pails were kept in the kitchen for coffee grounds and egg shells.
The carrots sometimes don't make it through the winter;
"You can't make French toast with whole-wheat bread", was an early complaint.
Miss Colman pours measures of whole wheat, oats, and soy beans and turns on the motor.
Occasionally, the children find steamed, whole-wheat grains for cereal which they call "buckshot".
Home-made sauerkraut is served once a week.
Most other desserts are fruit in some form, fresh fruits once daily at least, sometimes at snack time.
Very few fried foods are used and the use of salt and pepper is discouraged.
They learn to like these so well that it isn't surprising to hear that one boy tried the oats he was feeding his horse at chore time.
Homemade of meat, bones and vegetables, it is rich in dissolved minerals and vitamins.
The ruddy complexion of the faces also brings comment.
Rain of near cloudburst proportions had fallen for three full days and it was still raining on the morning of Friday, November 4, 1927, when officials of the Post Office Department's Railway Mail Service realized that their distribution system for Vermont had been almost totally destroyed overnight.
Burlington aviator John J. Burns suggested the parade ground southwest of Fort Ethan Allen, and soon a dozen hastily-summoned National Guard pilots were bringing their wide-winged "Jenny" and DeHaviland two-seaters to rest on the frozen sod of the military base.
Tall, wiry, dark-haired Bob Fogg had already racked up one historical first in air mail history.
By airline from Concord to Burlington is a distance of about 150 miles, counting a slight deviation for the stop at either Barre or Montpelier.
Faced with this situation, Postmaster Charles F. McKenna of Montpelier went with Fogg on a Burlington trip, and together they scouted the terrain on the heights of Berlin.
Always troubled by poor circulation in his feet, he experimented with various combinations of socks and shoes before finally adopting old-style felt farmer's boots with his sheepskin flying boots pulled over them.
) Wishing to show that aviation was dependable and here to stay, Bob Fogg always made a point of taking off each morning on the dot of seven, disregarding rain, snow and sleet in true postal tradition.
Bob Fogg didn't have today's advantages of Instrument Flight and Ground Control Approach systems.
Are you retiring now?
Suddenly, one day, up it pops!
Here it is!
You never are late for work and seldom absent.
What's happened?
The new way of life!
Some have beautiful gardens -- some not even a blade of grass.
It seems to me, the first thing you've got to do, to be happy, is to face up to your problems, no matter what they may be.
True!
There is always a market for this line of work.
Do you yearn to make cakes and pies, or special cookies and candies?
I can look at furniture in one spot year in and year out and really feel for sure that's where it belongs.
But, it could happen, and it may happen to you.
Also, there's scrap books, collecting newspaper pictures and clippings, or any items of interest to you.
An important criterion of maturity is creativity.
Man's great superiority over these evolutionary forbears is in the development of his imagination.
By this same combination of the will and the imagination, each one of us can learn to portray permanently the kind of character we would like to be.
Various factors in the setting can still be of great advantage in making the first intercourse a good rather than a bad memory for one or both.
)
In recent times, when sexual matters began to be discussed more scientifically and more openly, the emotional aspects of virginity received considerable attention.
But an instinctive reflex may work against the conscious intention of the woman.
Special information and guidance about the possible difficulties are still of great value.
They may then adjust their positions and movements to avoid too much pressure on the urethra and the anterior wall of the vagina;
The necessity for keeping alert to his bride's hazards can act as an interference with the man's spontaneous desire.
The accumulated information on this point shows that first intercourse, even when it is achieved with minimum pain or difficulty, is seldom an overwhelming sexual experience to a woman.
Whereas persons of eighth grade education or less were more apt to avoid or be shocked by nudity, those educated beyond the eighth grade increasingly welcomed and approved nudity in sexual relations.
Everything else is closed away.
Beyond a certain point, of course, no woman can be dominant -- nature has seen to that.
"It reflects what is going on in other areas of the marriage and in society itself.
"When the roles of husband and wife are reversed, so that the wife becomes leader and the husband follower", Dr. Linden says, "the effects on their whole relationship, sexual and otherwise, can be disastrous".
Another put sex on a dollars-and-cents basis.
The wife's attempt at control, these psychologists contend, is sometimes merely a pathetic effort to compel her husband to pay as much attention to her as he does to his job.
they're just restrained in all of life.
"Grandma wasn't expected to like it", Dr. Marion Hilliard, the late Toronto gynecologist, once summed up the attitude of the'90s.
"Very few wives", says Dr. Calderone, "who balance the checkbook, fix the car, choose where the family will live and deal with the tradesmen, are suddenly going to become submissive where sex is concerned.
"When the husband becomes passive in the face of his wife's aggressiveness", Dr. Linden says, "the wife, in turn, finds him inadequate.
Or a wife may make sudden demands that she be courted, flattered or coaxed, simply because she needs her ego lifted.
She gave herself a title, Lady Diana Harrington.
)
She was in Egypt during the revolution and had passport difficulty.
"Diane is the type of girl", Jelke said, "who wouldn't get loving -- even on her wedding night -- unless you piled up all your money in the middle of the floor".
The phony producer asked her if she would like to be in one of his shows.
When the date would try to bid her good-night at the door, she would tell him, "If you go home now, I'll scream".
Smarter than most gamblers, she slipped away from the casino, packed her bag and took the night train to Paris.
"They were wearing nothing but their scratches.
She thought royal status might come her way when, while she was still in Rome, she met Pulley Bey, a personal procurer to King Farouk of Egypt.
She picked her own Middle-Eastern friends from the flock of ardent Egyptians that buzzed around her.
It is a tribute to her talents that she was able to talk the District Attorney into having her removed from the prison to a hotel room, with her meals taken at Vesuvio's, an excellent Italian restaurant.
She had had a party with a regular visitor, Dr. William W. McClellan.
"A maid told us that she still bragged about getting $50 a date.
They depend on my supposedly expert knowledge of a trade of which they themselves know little.
Did she know, he asked, why the colors of the tubes were important to people's health?
But as long as you can have treatment from my machine you have nothing to worry about.
For several days, she was ill as a result of Lee's treatment.
With these gadgets -- impressive to the gullible because of their flashing light bulbs, ticks, and buzzes -- he then carries out a vicious medical con game, capitalizing on people's respect for the electrical and atomic wonders of our scientific age.
Sarah Gross, a dress shop proprietor, paid $1020 to a masseur, and Mr. A., a laborer, paid $4200 to a chiropractor for treatment with two fake health machines -- the "radioclast" and the "diagnometer".
But it is our health -- more precious than all the money in the world -- that these modern witch doctors with their fake therapeutic gadgets are gambling away.
And there was the case of Tom Hepker, a machinist, who was referred by a friend to a health machine quack who treated him with a so-called diagnostic machine for what Doctor Fraud said was a system full of arsenic and strychnine.
Mr. H. is dead today because he followed this advice.
He did this by the charming practice of buying up used electric blankets for $5 to $10 from survivors of patients who had died, reconditioning them, and selling them at $185 each.
Says Wallace F. Jannsen, director of the FDA's Division of Public Information: "Quacks are apt to direct their appeal directly to older people, or to sufferers from chronic ailments such as arthritis, rheumatism, diabetes, and cancer.
During the year that followed, Dick co-operated whole-heartedly with the dentist and was delighted with the final result achieved -- an upper row of strong straight teeth that completely changed his facial appearance.
One main type of malocclusion is characterized by a receding chin and protruding upper front teeth.
Contrary to the thinking of 30 to 40 years ago, when all malocclusion was blamed on some unfortunate habit, recent studies show that most tooth irregularity has at least its beginning in hereditary predisposition.
every orthodontist sees children who are embarrassed by their malformed teeth.
Badly placed teeth can also cause such a speech handicap as lisping.
This appliance will exert a gentle and continuous or intermittent pressure on the bone.
Last comes the retention stage.
What is the cost?
Most orthodontists require an initial payment to cover the cost of diagnostic materials and construction of the appliances, but usually the remainder of the cost may be spread over a period of months or years.
For example, a boy may inherit a small jaw from one ancestor and large teeth from another.
Superior new material for orthodontic work is another result of research.
In turn the other teeth are likely to decay because food particles may become impacted in them.
Perhaps they are mourning a recent death and want comfort, to feel in touch with the deceased, or seek indications for future plans.
Instead he brought with him the names of some people he had never met and of whom the medium knew nothing.
Here the absent sitter makes a "date" with a communicator (someone close to him who is deceased), asking him to "come in" at a certain hour, when a channel will be open for him.
It is, of course, easy to see how "J" will mean Uncle Jack to one person and little Jane to another.
After being a lawyer for twenty-five years he started studying for the ministry.
In the parapsychology foundation's long-range experiment, readings are made by a variety of sensitives for a large number of cooperating sitters, trying to throw light on this question of the significance of mediumistic statements.
In another approach to the same procedure, the content of the readings is analyzed so as to see how the particular medium is likely to slant her statements.
Sometimes she displays amazing eidetic imagery and seems to see all details in perspective, as if the scene were actually there.
If communication with an entity on the "other side" is taking place, this too may assume the form of clairvoyant symbolism.
A slight change in the work schedule may cut the production of cows or chickens.
Production may fall far below expectations.
He may have to depend upon custom service for specialized operations, such as spraying or threshing, and for these, he may have to wait his turn.
Caring for a calf, a pig, or some chickens develops in children a sense of responsibility for work.
For some white-collar workers it is a welcome change from the regular job, and a physical conditioner.
In deciding how much land you want, take into account the amount you'll need to bring in the income you expect.
In deciding on the enterprises to be managed by family labor, compare the amount of labor that can be supplied by the family with the labor needs of various enterprises listed in table 1.
Cost of power and machinery is often a serious problem to the small-scale farmer.
Location
If you plan to sell fresh vegetables or whole milk, for example, you should be close to a town or city.
Find out whether fire protection, sewage system, gas, water mains, and electrical lines are available in the locality.
If you can't tell, get help from your county agricultural agent or other local specialist.
The value of the products you can raise on it.
Include as expenditures an allowance for depreciation of farm buildings and equipment.
And still another witness, one who had crawled out from under a heap of corpses, had to tell how the victims had been forced to lay themselves head to foot one on top of the other before being shot.
But what could the Eichmann Trial initiate?
But in either event he was the wrong man for the kind of case outlined by Ben Gurion and set forth in the indictment.
At any rate, the substance of Eichmann's testimony was that all his actions flowed from his membership in the party and the SS, and though the Prosecutor did his utmost to prove actual personal hatred of Jews, his success on this score was doubtful and the anti-Semitic lesson weakened to that extent.
What more could be asked for a Trial intended to warn the world against anti-Semitism than this opportunity to expose the exact link between the respectable Anti-Semite and the concentration-camp brute?
Do patriots everywhere know enough about how the persecution of the Jews in Germany and later in the occupied countries contributed to terrorizing the populations, splitting apart individuals and groups, arousing the meanest and most dishonest impulses, pulverizing trust and personal dignity, and finally forcing people to follow their masters into the abyss by making them partners in unspeakable crimes?
As the first collective confrontation of the Nazi outrage, the Trial of Eichmann represents a recovery of the Jews from the shock of the death camps, a recovery that took fifteen years and which is still by no means complete (though let no one believe that it could be hastened by silence).
He thereby precipitated a bitter controversy involving Protestants, Jews and Roman Catholics that continued for two months, until the city's Board of Hospitals lifted the ban on birth-control therapy.
"All too frequently", points out James O'Gara, managing editor of Commonweal, "Catholics run roughshod over Protestant sensibilities in this matter, by failure to consider the reasoning behind the Protestant position and, particularly, by their jibes at the fact that Protestant opinion on birth control has changed in recent decades".
Catholics, Protestants and Jews are in agreement over the objectives of family planning, but disagree over the methods to be used.
Moreover, man may not supplant or frustrate the physical arrangements established by God, who through the law of rhythm has provided a natural method for the control of conception.
With over four million American men away at war, Protestants forced their distinctive theological belief upon the general public.
In 1920, the Lambeth Conference repeated its 1908 condemnation of contraception and issued "an emphatic warning against the use of unnatural means for the avoidance of conception, together with the grave dangers -- physical, moral, and religious -- thereby incurred, and against the evils which the extension of such use threaten the race".
There is general agreement also that sex union between husbands and wives as an expression of mutual affection without relation to procreation is right".
Repeated polls have disclosed that most married couples are now using contraceptives in the practice of birth control.
When she reached port, she was found to have on board only eight men, all near starvation.
Historians have had two reasons for persisting so long in their investigations.
This time he turned westward, to the middle Atlantic coast of North America.
In fact, Hudson's sail up the Great North River had disposed of one of the last hopes.
On previous voyages, it had been in precisely such dangerous situations that he had failed as a leader and captain.
And he refused to be anything else.
On May 11, she reached Iceland.
The ship's compass was useless because of the nearness of the magnetic North Pole.
When Hudson had finished, the "town meeting" broke down into a general, wordy argument.
Hudson named the capes Digges and Wolstenholme, for two of his backers.
Hundreds of miles to the north, the route back to England through the "Furious Overfall" was again filling with ice.
Others added that Juet had wanted to turn the ship homeward.
Thomas Douglas, fifth Earl of Selkirk, a noble humanitarian Scot concerned with the plight of the crofters of his native Highlands, conceived a plan to settle them in the valley of the Red River of the North.
The mercenaries were little interested in farming and added nothing to the output of the farm plots on which all work was still done with hoes as late as 1818.
These carts were of a type devised in Pembina in the days of Alexander Henry the Younger about a decade before the Selkirk colony was begun.
In 1819 grasshoppers again destroyed the crop at "the Forks" (Fort Douglas) and in December 1819, twenty men left Fort Daer for the most northerly American outpost at Prairie Du Chien.
Hercules L. Dousman, fur trader and merchant at Prairie Du Chien, contracted to supply Selkirk's people with some 300 head of cattle, and Alexis Bailly and Francois Labothe were hired as drovers.
"I have done everything", he wrote, "to break up the whole of that unfortunate establishment.
Below the fort, high bluffs extended uninterruptedly for six miles along the Mississippi River.
With their customary source of supply cut off, the Fort Garry free traders engaged three men to cart goods to them from the Mississippi country.
Yanks were equally adept at figurative expression.
When you see them again give them my love -- not best respects now, but love by God".
The soldiers who comprised the rank and file of the Civil War armies were an earthy people.
It sowered (on) my stomack and turn loose on me".
A Reb stationed near Petersburg informed his mother: "I need not tell you that I dodge pretty often for you can see that very plainly by the blots in this letter.
Sometimes these servants wrote or dictated for enclosure with the letters of their soldier-masters messages to their relatives and to members of their owners'families.
An Ohio soldier who, from a comrade just returned from leave, received an unfavorable comment on the conduct of his sister, took pen in hand and delivered himself thus: "dear Sis.
Some of the choicest remarks made by soldiers in their letters were in disparagement of unpopular officers.
A Massachusetts soldier, who seems to have been a Civil War version of Bill Mauldin, wrote: "the officers consider themselves as made of a different material from the low fellows in the ranks.
A Pennsylvania soldier wrote that "they were the hardest looking set of men that ever I saw.
What actually occurred in the past is seldom as important as what a given generation feels must have occurred.
Anyone's identification with an international struggle, whether warlike or peaceful, requires absurd oversimplification and intense emotional involvement.
1) Most of the legends that are created to fan the fires of patriotism are essentially propagandistic and are not folk legends at all.
That much of what he calls folklore is the result of beliefs carefully sown among the people with the conscious aim of producing a desired mass emotional reaction to a particular situation or set of situations is irrelevant.
Anthropologists, housewives, historians and such by profession, they approach their discipline as amateurs, collectors, commercial propagandists, analysts or some combination of the four.
Fundamentally, both these types, the amateur and the collector, are uncritical and many of them don't distinguish well between real folklore and bogus material.
Publishers want books that will sell, recording studios want discs that will not seem strange to ears used to hillbilly and jazz music, grade and high schools want quaint, but moral, material.
Is he swept away by sentiment and nostalgia for an America that was?
The folk are simply not homogeneous with respect to nation or political attitude.
Like a fair number of bootleggers he disliked alcohol.
The influence of Mass was less pervasive than that of the congested, slum tenements among the bawdy houses, honkytonks, and sawdust saloons of his birthplace;
But by now O'Banion's political pull was beginning to be effective.
There was a question-and-answer gag that went around at that time: Q. "Who'll carry the Forty-second and Forty-third wards"?
"But when I arrived and recognised a number of notorious characters I had thrown into the detective bureau basement half a dozen times, I knew I had been framed, and withdrew almost at once".
This further demonstration of O'Banion's ballooning power did not please Torrio and Capone.
That sort of braggadocio, for that sort of reason, in the view of Torrio and Capone, was a nonsense.
For three years, since the liquor territorial conference, Torrio had, with his elastic patience, and because he knew that retaliation could cause only violent warfare and disaster to business, tolerated O'Banion's impudent double-crossing.
Still more jealous bitterness was engendered by the O'Banion gang's seizure from a West Side marshalling yard of a freight-car load of Canadian whisky worth $100,000 and by one of the biggest coups of the Prohibition era -- the Sibley warehouse robbery, which became famous for the cool brazenness of the operation.
its waves persisted for a week and were felt as far away as the English coast.
An ordinary sea wave is rarely more than a few hundred feet long from crest to crest -- no longer than 320 feet in the Atlantic or 1,000 feet in the Pacific.
Not until they sailed home at the end of the day, through a sea strewn with bodies and the wreckage of houses, were they aware of what had happened.
When a second quake came, they dashed back to the beach, fearing that they might be buried under landslides.
On some of the islands'beaches the waves came in gently;
Gratified fishermen hauled them in by the thousands.
By means of charts showing wave-travel times and depths in the ocean at various locations, it is possible to estimate the rate of approach and probable time of arrival at Hawaii of a tsunami getting under way at any spot in the Pacific.
They hurled a cement barge against a freighter in Honolulu Harbor, knocked down telephone lines, marooned automobiles, flooded lawns, killed six cows.
Sometimes this is accompanied by visible shifts of the ground surface;
Two unsolved mysteries are based on these facts.
In Ireland's County Limerick, near the River Shannon, there is a quiet little suburb by the name of Garryowen, which means "Garden of Owen".
Chandler had been commissioned in the Medical Service Corps and was serving as a personnel officer for the Kansas City Medical Depot when he decided that if he was going to make the Army his career, he wanted to be in the fighting part of it.
Chandler had expected a tough old trooper with a gravel voice.
Sergeant Early let the new CO know just how lucky he was to be in the best troop in the best regiment in the United States Army.
In the middle of the party Chandler looked up to see four smiling faces bearing down upon him, each beaming above the biggest, greenest shamrock he had ever seen.
The troop received a new leader, Lieutenant Robert M. Carroll, fresh out of ROTC and bucking for Regular Army status.
At 6 o'clock on the morning of August 12, they were in doubt no longer.
One of the more seriously wounded was Lieutenant Carroll, the young officer bucking for the Regular Army.
He had formed his own task force of three stragglers and led them up the hill in a Fighting Seventh charge.
Goulding leaped to his feet and started forward, "Garryowen"!
Artillery and air strikes were called in to kill them by the hundreds.
But when a board of inquiry was called to look into the charges of cowardice made against him, the men who had seen Reno leave the battlefield and the officer who had heard Reno suggest that the wounded be left to be tortured by the Sioux, refused to say a harsh word against him.
The ultimate objective of American policy is to help establish a world in which there is the largest possible measure of freedom and justice and peace and material prosperity;
Proximate in the sense that there are more distant, more "positive" ends we seek, to which victory over Communism is but a means.
It may be, of course, that such objectives can be pursued consisently with a policy designed to overthrow Communism;
The first was that America had become -- or was in danger of becoming -- a second-rate military power.
U.S. "prestige"
The evidence suggests that foreign peoples believe the United States is weaker than the Soviet Union, and is bound to fall still further behind in the years ahead.
Communist political warfare, we must remember, is waged insidiously and in deliberate stages.
Laos is teetering between Communism and pro-Communist neutralism;
Today, Africa is swerving violently away from the West and plunging, it would seem, into the Soviet orbit.
There was the Hungarian Revolution which we praised and mourned, but did nothing about.
The middle-aged man said over and over, "Why did I come here, why did I come here".
Hotel attendants pulled parked bicycles into the lobby.
Gunfire saves the moon
Along the main thoroughfares hardly a house had not been peppered.
Practically all the people of Laos, he explained -- about two million of them -- are rice farmers, and the means and motives of modern war are as strange to them as clocks and steel plows.
Harmony in Laos?
The Royal Lao Army, on the other hand, was paid and equipped with American funds.
and myself.
We were told that to the Pathet Lao, a kidnaped American was worth at least $750, a fortune in Laos.
The temperature rose to 105-degrees.
Together they had probably done more than any other men to help push Laos toward the 20th century -- constructively.
"Our people have been used to accepting things as they found them", he said.
We did it for three days.
The preparations were elaborate: flowers, candles, incense sticks, rice wine, dozens of delicacies, and pieces of white cotton string.
These were to be kept on, to hold in the 32 souls.
"I like the tradition", a girl said.
They discovered that, although 42 per cent of a sample of Catholic students and 15 per cent of the Protestants believed it important to live in accordance with the teachings of their religion, only 8 per cent of the Jewish students had this conviction.
Still another suggested that he would join a temple "for social reasons, since I'll be living in a suburb".
Sixty-five per cent of the Jewish teen-agers of college age attend institutions of higher learning.
It is they who read -- and make -- Jewish best-sellers and then persuade their husbands to read them.
Perhaps the Jewish students at Brooklyn College -- constituting 85 per cent of those who attend the day session -- can serve as a paradigm of the urban, lower-middle class Jewish student.
On the one hand, there is a sense of not having moved beyond the ambiance of their high school.
And the rebellion of these third generation Jews is not the traditional conflict of culture but, rather, a protest against a culture that they view as softly and insidiously enveloping.
A kind of double standard exists here for Jewish boys and girls as it does in the realm of sex.
Brooklyn College is Marjorie Morningstar territory, as much as the Bronx or Central Park West.
The girls are prone to dress far more flamboyantly than their counterparts out of town, and eye shadow, mascara, and elaborate bouffant hairdos -- despite the admonitions of cautious guidance personnel -- are not unknown even in early morning classes.
The sufferer drinks tansy tea.
when it was cool, the fat was skimmed off and bottled.
she sprinkled common sugar directly on the injury and then bound it loosely with cotton cloth, over which she poured turpentine.
There was no cleaning or further care, but the wound healed in less than two weeks and showed no scar.
While nowadays we recognize the fact that there are many causes for bleeding at the nose, not long ago a nosebleed was simply that, and treatment had little variation.
Insect bites were cured in many ways.
For mosquito bites a paste of half a glass of salt and half a glass of soda was made.
A kerosene shampoo seems a heroic treatment, but it did the job.
To cure fungus growths on mouth or hands people made a strong tea by using a handful of sassafras bark in a quart of water.
This was also used for sores.
One wart cure was to wrap it in a hair from a blonde gypsy.
sore feet by calf's-foot, an herb from the pioneer's ubiquitous herb garden, or by soaking the feet in a pan of hot water in which two cups of salt had been dissolved.
Again, by spreading one's purchases over several wine dealers, one becomes familiar with the names and specialties of reputable wine dealers and shippers abroad.
Wine waiters are something else again;
Wine bought from a dealer should ideally be allowed to rest for several weeks before it is served.
Seasonal rises or drops in temperature are bad for wine: they age it prematurely.
A white wine, already at cool cellar temperature, may be adequately chilled in a bucket of ice and water or the freezing compartment of a refrigerator (the former is far preferable) in about fifteen minutes;
But white wines never!
it should be remembered that their lasting qualities are appreciably shorter than those of milk.
The wine waiter will see to it that the bottles are taken from the bin and opened at least in time to warm and aerate, preferably allowed to stand on end for as long as possible and, perhaps in the case of very old wines, be decanted.
and Alsatians may be.
They were not capable of supporting themselves off the plantation, and Louisiana law required their removal from the state.
If not, he was willing to accede to William's wishes in any way that did not block his ultimate aim.
This cold reckoning of human worth in a legal paper, devoid of compassion or humanity, was all he needed.
Yet even if he could get the necessary approval, fourteen of his Negroes could not be manumitted without special permission.
Giffen had already urged him to journey south, if only for a few days to clear up matters.
Instead of the expected "annoyances" due to the nature of his mission, he received many calling cards and invitations from "gentlemen of mark, on whom I had no sort of claim, & have had many more invitations than I could accept".
Palfrey agreed;
The plantation was sold in January, 1845, and Palfrey thought the new owner ought to pay his people two months'wages.
Slavery was prohibited in Massachusetts by the terms of the constitution of 1780, which declared "all men are born free and equal".
("In the late forties and fifties", Coombs has declared in defining his role, "two strong new arms were added to reinforce United States foreign policy economic assistance and military assistance.
An inveterate reader of books, he chose while working in Detroit to live in the University community of Ann Arbor, almost forty miles away.
) Mrs. Henry Labouisse, wife of the new director of the foreign aid program, is the writer and lecturer Eve Curie.
Walton, who soon made a break from journalism to become one of the capital's leading semi-abstract painters, vows that he and Kennedy never once discussed art in those days.
Udall, who comes from one of the Mormon first-families of Arizona, is a bluff, plain-spoken man with a lust for politics and a habit of landing right in the middle of the fight.
Hoping to cut down on such works, Udall had proposed that a politician be at least fifty years departed before he is memorialized.
Ever since the fire of 1812 destroyed the beautiful furniture assembled by President Thomas Jefferson, the White House has collected a hodgepodge of period pieces, few of them authentic or aesthetic.
By rough estimate her Committee, headed by Henry Francis Du Pont, contains three times as many Republicans as Democrats.
While a Senator, Kennedy had unsuccessfully pushed a bill to preserve the Belasco Theater, as well as the Dolley Madison and the Benjamin Taylor houses, all scheduled for razing.
There were aesthetic problems as well as political.
He is by no means the country boy he might have been in the last century, down from the hills with bear grease on his hair and a zeal for book learning in his heart.
This carefree disdain for "side" cropped up again in the same television broadcast.
Dartmouth's favorite and most characteristic recreation is skiing.
The cabins are equipped with bunks, blankets, and cooking equipment and are ideal bases for hikes and skiing trips.
It fixed on Dartmouth College, which was ready-made and just what the proctor ordered.
This is not out of keeping with its origins, probably the most humble of any in the Ivy group.
Governor Wentworth contributed an ox for a barbecue on the green beneath the three-hundred-foot pines, and a barrel of rum was broached.
Dartmouth is numerically still a small college today, with approximately twenty-nine hundred undergraduates.
Students of the college who are candidates for the A.B. degree and can satisfy the academic requirements of the medical and business schools, may enter either of these associated schools at the beginning of senior year, thus completing the two-year postgraduate course in one year.
The person who left the buggy there has never been identified.
Lizzie stated during the inquest that while her father and uncle were in the sitting room the afternoon before the murders, she had been disturbed by their voices and had closed her door, even though it was a very hot day.
They were a vagabond lot and considered to be shady and undesirable characters.
Police did make an attempt to check on Morse's alibi.
Morse testified that while he was having breakfast in the dining room, Mrs. Borden told the servant, "Bridget, I want you to wash these windows today".
Mrs. Borden would not have been alarmed if she saw Morse with an ax or hatchet in his hand.
The motive may have been the mysterious quarrel;
Both he and Bridget were exonerated by Lizzie herself".
At the inquest she was asked specifically whether she knew anybody her father had bad feelings toward, or who had bad feelings toward her father.
"Oh, she was just the maid there", he replied, waving a hand to indicate how completely unimportant she was.
Bridget was born in Ireland, one of fourteen children.
She possessed an observant eye, a retentive memory, and a critical faculty.
With four younger children at home, Lucy stepped into her mother's role, and even after the brothers and sisters were grown, she was her father's comfort and stay until he died in 1879.
La Croix on the Customs of the Middle Ages, 16 chapters of Bryce "and liked it more and more";
At different times he served as glee-club and choir leader and as organist.
Winslow, as his daughters Eleanor and Margaret recall, used to characterize her as "our iron sister".
Her students have spoken of the exacting standards of scholarship and of manners and conduct she expected and achieved from the students;
She had taught classes in botany, astronomy (with the aid of a telescope), geometry, and psychology.
Her services to the School for many years were of a very high character, and I have often thought that one of the buildings should be named for her".
walks laid;
"Yet Spelman has strong, deep roots, and will live for the blessing of generations to come".
Quiet and energetic, cheerful and calm, she too was a power in the development of the seminary.
The apprentice program will involve further education on a part-time basis, usually at night, perhaps using some of the same equipment of the high school.
If the student drops out of high school, the break with the school is even more complete.
Undoubtedly far more can be done in the lower grades in this regard in the Negro schools.
This is a problem to which leaders of opinion, both Negro and white, should devote far more attention.
This last point is important because if high school pupils are aware that few, if any, graduates who have chosen a certain vocational program have obtained a job as a consequence of the training, the whole idea of relevance disappears.
Of course, it can be argued that an ability to write English correctly and with some degree of elegance is a marketable skill.
He prefers to designate such schools as "general" high schools.
One vocational instructor in a city vocational school, speaking of his course in a certain field, said he had no difficulty placing all students in jobs outside of the city.
Ideally these schools should be so located that one or more should be in the area where demand for practical courses is at the highest.
Soybeans are extensively processed into a remarkable number of food products in the Orient.
People depend less on seeds for foods in Australia, New Zealand, and Argentina, where extensive grazing lands support sheep or cattle, and the consumption of meat is high.
Chief among the seed crops grown primarily for industrial uses are the oil-bearing seeds -- flax, castor, tung (nuts from the China wood-oil tree), perilla (from an Oriental mint), and oiticica (from a Brazilian tree).
Almond oil, another nondrying oil, was once used extensively in perfumery to extract flower fragrances.
Today the yearly import into the United States of locust bean gum is more than 15 million pounds;
The kernels of brazil nuts, cashews, coconuts, filberts, hazelnuts, hickory nuts, pecans, walnuts, and pine nuts are predominantly oily.
the soap nut, which owes its sudsing power to natural saponins;
Bead tree seeds are the necklaces of South Pacific islanders and the eyes of Buddha dolls in Cuba.
Single-seeded dry fruits used for flavoring include several of the carrot family, such as cumin, dill, fennel, and angelica.
Cocoa, chocolate, and cocoa butter come from the ground seeds of the cacao tree.
Seed crops hold a prominent place in the agricultural economy of the United States.
Cereal grains furnish about one-fourth of the total food calories in the American diet and about one-third of the total nutrients consumed by all livestock and poultry.
you had to go with'em or wait till the storm was over, and follow.
Cattle which died from them winter storms were referred to as the "winter kill".
A "cattaloe" was a hybrid offspring of buffalo and cattle.
"Shootin' 'em out" was gettin'cattle out of a corral onto the range.
A general classification given grass-fed cattle was "grassers".
Though the slightest yank was frequently capable of producin'results, many men assured success through a turn of the tail'bout the saddle horn, supplemented sometimes, in the case of cattle, by a downward heave of the rider's leg upon the strainin'tail.
An animal covered with splotches or spots of different colors was called a "brindle" or "brockle".
Such an animal has frequently been the downfall of the rustler.
His saloon was a meetin'place for influential Wyoming cattlemen, and one year durin'a severe blizzard, when his herd-owner customers were wearin'long faces, he said, "Cheer up, boys, whatever happens, the books won't freeze".
It was John who found the lion tracks.
The dogs were working a trail -- lion?
Ulyate said, and Kearton touched a match to the pile of grass, blew on it and flame licked out.
Nice country to meet a lion in face to face.
She was standing on a flat rock three feet above ground and when she saw him she rose to full height and roared, opening her mouth wide, lashing her tail, and stamping at the rock with both forefeet in irritation, as much as to say: "How dare you disturb me in my sacred precinct"?
Jones then recoiled his rope and threw again, this time hitting her on the back but failing to encircle her.
At this moment, Loveless and Means arrived, crashing through the undergrowth with their horses, and distracted her, and she ran off a short distance and jumped into a crevice between two rocks.
For two hours they drove her from one strong point to another along the side of the Reef, trying to maneuver her onto the plain where they could get a good throw.
Ulyate made no comment but his face showed what he thought of poking ropes over lions'heads with poles, and of course these were the lions of fifty years ago, not the gentler ones of today, and this one was angry, with good reason.
"Careful, now", Jones warned.
However nothing on four legs was supposed to be faster than a lion over a short distance, unless it was a cheetah.
How much head start?
So: Means edged around on the north side of her, Jones moved in from the south.
The most serious weakness of the ecumenical movement today is that it is generally regarded as the responsibility of a few national leaders in each denomination and a few interdenominational executives.
The crux of ecumenical advance is an even more personalized matter than the relation between congregations in the same community.
However needed this may be, the fundamental problem is not information but active commitment to the total mission of the church of Christ in the world.
It is an experience of a new depth of community derived from an awareness of the corporate indwelling of Christ in His people.
Our difficulty arises when either viewpoint shuts out the other.
On the one hand, there are ecumenists who are so stirred by the crises of the church in its encounter with the world at large that they have no eyes for what the church is doing in their own town.
It is growing in numbers.
It is not stirring them to confront the racial tensions of today with the mind of Christ.
Desiring to fill the only remaining lack, he selected the best site on the ranch for a chapel and spared no expense in erecting it.
Yet a crowd came out to see some fresh kids from the city try to match the boys from the neighboring farms;
Radio broadcasts had not begun and most devotees of baseball attended the games near home, in the town park or a pasture, with perhaps two or three trips to the city each season to see the Cubs or the Pirates or the Indians or the Red Sox.
But the nickname never stuck and Gehrig was no match for Ruth in "color" -- which is sometimes a polite word for delinquent behavior on and off the field.
There were others who climbed flagpoles and refused to come down;
Boston fans sometimes liked to wring some wry satisfaction out of the fact that most of the great 1923-27 crew were graduates of the Red Sox -- sold to millionaires Huston and Ruppert by a man who could not deny them their most trifling desire.
Radio broadcasts, however -- now that even plain people could afford "loud speakers" on their sets -- held old fans to the major-league races and attracted new ones, chiefly women, who through what the philosopher called the ineluctable modality of audition, became first inured, then attracted, then addicted to the long afternoon recitals of the doings in some distant baseball park.
This conclusion is dependent on the assumption that traditional sex mores will continue to sanction both premarital chastity as the "ideal", and the double standard holding females primarily responsible for preserving the ideal.
Experience of this time diffusion ranges from a sense of utter apathy to a feeling of desperate urgency to act immediately.
A sense of self-certainty and the freedom to experiment with different roles, or confidence in one's own unique behavior as an alternative to peer-group conformity, is more easily developed during adolescence if, during early childhood, the individual was permitted to exercise initiative and encouraged to develop some autonomy.
Another identity crisis confronting the adolescent involves anticipation of achievement vs. work-paralysis.
This paralysis may be expressed in the female's starting -- and never completing -- many jobs, tasks, and courses of study;
The excerpts from case histories presented above confirm this significance, though through different facets of experience.
It provides identification -- with an idea, a value, a cause that cuts through, or even transcends, the multiple and ambivalent identities of their passage from child to adult, and permits their forceful and overt expression of emotion.
They were disappointed by the physical and emotional hurt of premarital sexual intercourse.
The suit, as we have seen, came before the courts when patent attorneys, inventors, and laymen were making mounting demands for reforms in the American patent system.
and the frequent and rancorous verbal bouts, "uncalled for and unjustifiable, from the retort discourteous to the lie direct".
Parker insisted that the size of the record would have been drastically reduced but for an unavoidable duplication of testimony.
In the end Hough's acidulous protest, which Parker called the "now somewhat famous note on this'Selden'case", did not go unheeded.
Even before it was formally dissolved in 1912, the A.L.A.M. was succeeded by the Automobile Board of Trade, the direct lineal ancestor of the present-day Automobile Manufacturers Association.
In this tangle of conflicting claims, the patent-sharing scheme adopted by the A.L.A.M. at its founding proved to be the best device for avoiding or mitigating the burdens of incessant litigation.
It was commonplace for auto makers, parts-suppliers, and dealers to find warning notices and threats of infringement suits in their daily mail.
The breach created by the Selden patent doomed his proposal, but Hanch did not abandon his scheme.
Drawn up in 1914, the cross-licensing agreement became effective in 1915.
Here you can pick up a taxi or public transport to return to the center of the city.
Twenty-two thousand spectators used to crowd it in Roman days.
Opposite is the Palazzo Mattei, one of Rome's oldest palaces, now the headquarters of the Italo-American Association.
The great architect also designed the fine interior staircase and colonnade which connects the two courts.
Michelangelo was the most distinguished of several noted architects who helped design it.
At this point you cross the wide Corso Vittorio Emanuele 2, walk along the Corso Del Rinascimento a couple of hundred yards, then turn left on the Via Dei Canestrani to enter the splendid Piazza Navona, one of the truly glorious sights in Rome.
Take the Via Di S. Agnese in Agone, next to the church and opposite the center of the square, then turn right after about two hundred yards to reach the beautiful Church of Santa Maria Della Pace.
As you pause in the piazza by the Egyptian obelisk brought from the Temple of Isis, you will admire the Pantheon's impressive Corinthian columns.
A few yards farther, on the Via Dei Bergamaschi, is the Piazza Colonna.
The second walk through the heart of Rome should be taken after lunch, so that you will reach the Pincian Hill when the soft light of the late afternoon is at its best.
-- and yet he is facing, daily and nightly, people who would gladly see him dead, and he knows it.
He cannot avoid observing that some of the children, in spite of their color, remind him of children he has known and loved, perhaps even of his own children.
A kind of panic paralyzes their features, as though they found themselves trapped on the edge of a steep place.
But inevitably the border which has divided the ghetto from the rest of the world falls into the hands of the ghetto.
The guessing games referred to have driven more than one Negro into the narcotics ward, the madhouse, or the river.
Thirdly, the South is not merely an embarrassingly backward region, but a part of this country, and what happens there concerns every one of us.
Northerners never think about them whereas Southerners are never really thinking of anything else.
East River, downtown: postscript to a letter from Harlem
However, the chaos on my desk prevented my being in the U.N. gallery.
The answer to both questions is immediately obvious.
As long as audiences came to see the movement, there seemed little reason to adventure further.
In the field of entertainment there is no spur to financial daring so effective as audience boredom, and the first decade of the new device was not over before audiences began staying away in large numbers from the simple-minded, one-minute shows.
As the first scene begins to fade, the succeeding scene begins to appear.
The film consists of a series of still, transparent photographs, or "frames", 35-mm.-wide.
This discovery of Melies was vastly more important than his sometimes dazzling, magician's tricks produced on film.
A posse is formed and pursues the robbers, who, having made their escape, are whooping it up with some wild, wild women in a honky-tonk hide-out.
Cutting, of course, takes place automatically in the creation of a film.
The two events are taking place at the same time.
There still remained the need for one great film artist to explore the full potential of the new form and to make it an art.
The phonograph today, for all its high fidelity and stereophonic sound, is precisely what the early art purveyors in the movies wished to make of the camera.
The breakdown of social homogeneity in inner city areas and the spread of inner city blight account for the decline of central city churches.
The congregation perishes when it is no longer possible to replenish that core from the neighborhood;
consequently, the vulnerability to social difference should not be attributed to the stress on personal community in Protestant congregations;
The task of a congregation would be defined, according to economic integration, as the work of co-opting individuals and families of similar social and economic position to replenish the nuclear core of the congregation.
On the surface, this seems a sound approach to Christian mission: members of the congregation show by their friendly attitudes that they care for new people;
The transmutation of mission to co-optation is further indicated by the insignificance of educational activities, worship, preaching, and publicity in reaching new members.
The expense of this type of organization in religious life, when one recalls the number of city churches which deteriorated beyond repair before being abandoned, raises fundamental questions about the principle of Protestant survival in a mobile society;
More than creatures of metropolitan forces, the churches have taken the lead in counteracting the interdependence of metropolitan life, crystallizing and perpetuating the stratification of peoples, giving form to the struggle for social homogeneity in a world of heterogeneous peoples.
Whatever projection one makes, the striking fact about congregational and parochial life is the extent to which it is a vehicle of the social identity of middle-class people.
With capital largely squandered, there seemed to them no other course to pursue.
They ordered the raising of troops and obtained 75,000 livres with which to build forts.
On the Ohio or Wabash was to be built another post "at the fork of two great rivers".
Mobile was also supplied by New Orleans with goods for the Mobile district.
The Alabama and Tombigbee rivers furnished a highway by which goods could be moved quickly and cheaply.
To hold them was an essential part of French policy, for they controlled the upper termini of the routes from the north to Mobile.
But the Company of the Indies, holding to its program of economy, made no arrangements to furnish better goods at attractive prices.
Perier's efforts, however, were on the whole ineffective in winning back the tribes of the Mobile district, and he decided to send troops into the troubled country.
They destroyed a trading house and pillaged the goods, and harassed French shipping on the Mississippi.
If this trade should be resumed, the habitants who had come to be farmers or artisans, and soldiers discharged from the army, must be hardened to the severe life of coureurs de bois.
They would not be pleased to have it published back home that they planned a frolic in Paris or Hong Kong at the Treasury's expense.
The congressman's patriotism is always involved when he turns upon the Defense Department.
The chances are excellent that he will.
The congressman who, in Paris, may have stuffed his wallet with enough franc notes to paper the roof of Notre-Dame will systematically scream that a $200 increase in entertainment allowance for a second secretary is tantamount to debauchery of the Treasury.
They didn't.
Fretting privately but eschewing public defense of his terrorized bureaucrats, Dulles remained serene and detached while the hatchet men had their way.
It became smart to say that the fault was with Dulles because he would not countenance thinking done by anyone but himself.
Other embassies cable home The New York Times without changing a comma.
In Senator Joseph McCarthy's phrase, it was the most unheard-of thing ever heard of.
Finding peaceful coexistence temporarily unsuitable because of domestic politics, Moscow resumed scowling and "Smilin'Mike" dropped quietly out of the press except for an occasional story reporting that he had been stoned somewhere in the Middle West.
When it ended, a dusky sheik in desert robes flowed into Hagerty's office to report on the interview.
The reports of President Nasser's pledges which Hammarskjold was relaying from Cairo to Washington became increasingly incomprehensible to other diplomats, including the Israeli Foreign Minister, Mrs. Golda Meir.
They have an enviable record of being able to place in employment 100% of their graduates.
The older parents continued to teach their children traditional principles, but the younger people, who have lost all faith and convictions, are now parents.
Six of the science teachers were present, and we had great fun.
I arrived at 7:00 a.m. and by 9:00 a.m. I had finished breakfast and was on my way to see what they had planned.
I don't have the answer yet.
Nara, Osaka, and Hiroshima
It is the second largest city in Japan, with about four million people.
Hiroshima is a better city than it was before -- in the minds of the people I met was a strong determination for peace and understanding.
Many of the features of the homes are the latest modern devices in American homes, but an interesting blend of cultures finds us using Japanese artfulness in our own Western architecture at the same time that the Japanese are adopting Western utility patterns.
Although the training is only for one month, it is intensive and thorough.
But for it to be just to attain this same result by means of the force of a boycott throughout the nation would require the verification of facts contrary to those assumed in the foregoing case.
But since this is a world in which people disagree about ends and goals and concerning justice and injustice, and since, in a situation where direct action and economic pressure are called for, the justice of the matter has either not been clearly defined by law or the law is not effectively present, there has to be a morality of means applied in every case in which people take it upon themselves to use economic pressures or other forms of force.
Everybody in the world today might as well make up their minds to march with freedom or freedom is going to march over them".
and in warfare with any means, men commonly disagree over the justice of the cause.
These principles we have now set forth.
An excellent article was published recently in the Journal Of The Church Peace Union by a South African journalist on the inhuman economic conditions of the blacks in South Africa, amounting to virtual slavery, and the economic complicity of both the government and the people of the United States in these conditions.
since Bourbon whiskey, though of Kentucky origin, is at least as much favored by liberals in the North as by conservatives in the South.
and the intelligent, cynical ones who scornfully reply that these things don't count any more in the world of to-day.
And if he is so scornful of the rights of states, why not advocate a different sort of constitution that he could more sincerely support?
In fact it has caused us to give serious thought to moving our residence south, because it is not easy for the most objective Southerner to sit calmly by when his host is telling a roomful of people that the only way to deal with Southerners who oppose integration is to send in troops and shoot the bastards down.
My definition of this much abused adjective is that a reconstructed rebel is one who is glad that the North won the War.
Old attitudes are held more tenaciously in the Tidewater than the Piedmont;
but many historians maintain that except for Northern meddling it would have ended in states like Virginia years before it did.
Or else the North really believes that all Southerners except a few quaint old characters have come around to realizing the errors of their past, and are now at heart sharers of the American Dream, like everybody else.
Had the situation been reversed, had, for instance, England been the enemy in 1898 because of issues of concern chiefly to New England, there is little doubt that large numbers of Southerners would have happily put on their old Confederate uniforms to fight as allies of Britain.
But those among the Bourbons who remain unreconstructed go much further than this.
(That corpus of law was a reflection of the power system in existence during the eighteenth and nineteenth centuries.
Social Darwinism was able to stave off the incipient socialist movement until well into the present century.
A national consensus of near unanimity exists that these governmental efforts are desirable as well as necessary.
Hands-off the economy was replaced by conscious guidance through planning -- the economic side of the constitutional revolution.
Recognizing that the Rule of Law is "a dynamic concept which should be employed not only to safeguard the civil and political rights of the individual in a free society", the Congress asserted that it also included the responsibility "to establish social, economic, educational and cultural conditions under which his legitimate aspirations and dignity may be realized".
The breakup of the Holy Roman Empire and the downfall of feudalism led, not more than two centuries ago, to the surge of nationalism.
While the pattern is uneven, some having gained more than others, nationalism has in fact served the Western peoples well.
While sovereignty has roots in antiquity, in its present usage it is essentially modern.
Is there a different reality behind the facade?
Will the danger increase or decrease?
They are preoccupied riding herd on control panels, switches, flashing colored lights on pale green or gray consoles that look like business machines.
Meanwhile, the experts speak of wars triggered by "false pre-emption", "escalation", "unauthorized behavior" and other terms that will be discussed in this report.
His investigations made him the Paul Revere of accidental war, and safety procedures were enormously increased.
Multiple circuits, routings and frequencies make the chain as unbreakable as possible.
What if one or more of them turn irrational or suddenly, coolly, decide to clobber the Russians?
All could help the President make his decision.
Let us look in on one of these nerve centers -- SAC at Omaha -- and see what must still happen before a wing of B-52 bombers could drop their Aj.
Wisman, who has had the chief controller's job for four years, calls the signals for a team operating three rows of dull-gray consoles studded with lights, switches and buttons.
)
What these fragments are and how they activate the go order may not be revealed.
Why does Wisman's ever-changing code always mesh with the fragments in possession of the button pushers?
They all swung at the same instant in the same direction.
I followed them in the jeep and now they did not care.
Finally, avoiding hummocks and seeking low ground, they intercepted the rain squall.
The aborigine lives on the cruelest land I have ever seen.
They went well-equipped with everything except knowledge of the "outback" country.
They lay, with the birds hopping from branch to branch above them and the bright sky peeping down at them.
I do not know if such a way of life can come to be a self-conscious challenge, but I suspect that it can.
The rancher went a mile down this road and then, when he reached a big red boulder, swung off the road.
Two miles northeast, then five miles southwest that sort of thing.
It lay with its head on its paws and only its eyes moving, watching us carefully.
The man was leaning against the rock.
The Australian and I both were wearing insect repellent and were not badly bothered by insects, but my eyes watered as we stood watching the aborigine.
They squatted on their heels with their heads bent far forward, their eyes only a few inches from the ground.
They roll at night in ashes to keep warm and their second skin has a light dusty cast to it.
"Here, Idje, you fella like tabac"?
The Afghans invaded;
The one apparent connection between the two is a score of buildings which somehow or other have survived and which naturally enough are called "historical monuments".
But more important, and the thing which the casual traveler and the blind sojourner often do not see, is that these places and activities are often the settings in which Persians exercise their extraordinary aesthetic sensibilities.
I really didn't know what he meant.
It was to provide a safe and spacious crossing for these caravans, and also to make a pleasance for the city, that Shah Abbas 2, in about 1657 built, of sun-baked brick, tile, and stone, the present bridge.
Here, on the hottest day, it is cool beneath the stone and fresh from the water flowing in the sluices at the bottom of the vaults.
dervishes who stand with the stillness of the blind, their eyes filmed with rheum and visions;
Above all, they will stop in the middle of anything, anywhere, to hear or quote some poetry.
Here in these little rooms -- or stages arched open to the sky and river -- they choose a few lines out of the hundreds they may know and sing them according to one of the modes into which Persian music is divided.
Die Frist ist um, und wiederum verstrichen sind sieben Jahr, the Maestro quoted The Flying Dutchman, as he told of his career and wanderings, explaining that the number seven had significantly recurred in his life several times.
Did he come from a musical family?
The musician ran away from school when he was fifteen, but this escapade did not save him from the Gymnasium.
In 1927 he succeeded Zemlinsky as opera director of the German Theater at Prague.
As more and more Jewish musicians lost their jobs with professional organizations Steinberg united them into the Frankfurt Kulturbund Orchestra, which also gave guest performances in other German cities.
Where in Europe was he going now?
"And next year we will do -- also a Ford commission -- a piano concerto by Elliott Carter, with Jacob Lateiner as soloist.
But I usually stick to the old phrase:'Ich habe ein Amt, aber keine Meinung (I hold an office, but I do not feel entitled to have an opinion).
Like his late colleague, Mitropoulos, he reads mystery stories, in particular Sir Arthur Conan Doyle.
"It is easy for you to talk";
Others mentioned that I might have had to ask friends or even strangers for help and that to be stranded in a foreign country without sufficient funds did not contribute to international understanding.
It is well then that in this hour both of "national peril" and of "national opportunity" we can take counsel with the men who made the nation.
Even though in most cases the completion of the definitive editions of their writings is still years off, enough documentation has already been assembled to warrant drawing a new composite profile of the leadership which performed the heroic dual feats of winning American independence and founding a new nation.
John Adams fashioned much of pre-Revolutionary radical ideology, wrote the constitution of his home state of Massachusetts, negotiated, with Franklin and Jay, the peace with Britain and served as our first Vice President and our second President.
He served as president of the Continental Congress.
Capable of enduring friendships, they were also stout controversialists, who could write with a drop of vitriol on their pens.
In taking account of seventeen years of law practice, Adams concluded that "no lawyer in America ever did so much business as I did" and "for so little profit".
All seven combined ardent devotion to the cause of revolution with a profound respect for legality.
"Think continentally", Hamilton counseled the young nation.
When, in 1832, the South Carolina nullifiers adopted the principle of state interposition which Madison had advanced in his old Virginia Resolve, they elicited no encouragement from that senior statesman.
according to many critics, in fact, the South has led the North in literature since the Civil War, both quantitatively and qualitatively.
In a mere half-century the South has more than tripled its urban status.
Truman Capote is still reveling in Southern Gothicism, exaggerating the old Southern legends into something beautiful and grotesque, but as unreal as -- or even more unreal than -- yesterday.
The Negro faces as much, if not more, difficulty in fitting himself into an urban economy as he did in an agrarian one.
This bold self-assertion, after decades of humble subservience, is indeed a twentieth-century phenomenon, an abrupt change in the Southern way of existence.
Just as the Negro situation points up the gradual and abrupt changes affecting Southern life, it also points up the non-representation of urbanism in Southern literature.
It bewilders and befuddles him.
Faulkner, for one, appears to be safe from the accusing fingers of all assailants in this regard.
With new mechanization the modern farmer must perform the work of six men: a machine stands between the agrarian and his soil.
He began with masks to make the dancer identify himself with the creature he appeared to be.
Some look deliberately to devices used by creators in the other arts and apply corresponding methods to their own work.
He is still concerned, however, with a personal event.
He may even alter the pattern by applying a scheme of random numbers.
The sequence may involve a sharp contrast: for example, a quiet meditative sway of the body succeeded by a violent leap;
Midi Garth also believes in subjective continuity that begins with the feeling engendered by an initial movement.
It may be a reaction to a percussive sound, the following movements constituting further reactions.
Chance, he finds, enables him to create "a world beyond imagination".
Events occur without apparent reason.
If a work is divided into several large segments, a last-minute drawing of random numbers may determine the order of the segments for any particular performance.
The people everywhere had grown meanwhile in devotion to basic democratic principles, in understanding of and belief in the federal balance, and in love of their Union.
The champions of the Union maintained that the Constitution had formed, fundamentally, the united people of America, that it was a compact among sovereign citizens rather than states, and that therefore the states had no right to secede, though the citizens could.
Dictionaries, as we have seen, still cite this government, along with the Articles of Confederation of 1781, as an example of a confederacy.
The Constitution of the Southern "Confederation" differed from that of the Federal Union only in two important respects: It openly, defiantly, recognized slavery -- an institution which the Southerners of 1787, even though they continued it, found so impossible to reconcile with freedom that they carefully avoided mentioning the word in the Federal Constitution.
One is tempted to say that, on the difference between the concepts of sovereignty in these two preambles, the worst war of the Nineteenth century was fought.
He fought to the end to preserve it as a "government of the people, by the people, for the people".
They differed in the balance they believed essential to the sovereignty of the citizen -- but the supreme sacrifice each made served to maintain a still more fundamental truth: That individual life, liberty and happiness depend on a right balance between the two -- and on the limitation of sovereignty, in all its aspects, which this involves.
The useful suggestion of Professor David Hawkins which considers culture as a third stage in biological evolution fits quite beautifully then with our suggestion that science has provided us with a rather successful technique for building protective artificial environments.
the range of our voice ignores distance.
We are desperately in the need of such invention, for man is still very much at the mercy of man.
The bombs are as harmless as an automobile in a garage.
The frequently postulated antique worry that the daylight hours might dwindle to complete darkness apparently gave rise to a ritual and celebration which we still recognize.
This almost trivial example is nevertheless suggestive, for there are some elements in common between the antique fear that the days would get shorter and shorter and our present fear of war.
When confronted with a drunk or an insane person I have no notion of what any one of them might do to me or to himself or to others.
The achievements which dispelled our fears of the cosmos took place three centuries ago.
In agriculture, for example, despite the advances in biology, elaborate rituals tend to persist along with a continued sense of the imminence of some natural disaster.
The fear of disease was formerly very much the kind of fear I have tried to describe.
Is his a literature of defeat, irrelevant to the social crises we face?
Unruly hair goes straight up from his forehead, standing so high that the top falls gently over, as if to show that it really is hair and not bristle.
He wore a brown knit sports shirt with no tie.
The only chance of renovation is to open our eyes and see the mess.
Then he began to speak about the tension in art between the mess and form.
Would not that be the end of thinking and the end of art?
Yet, I responded, could not similar things be said about the art of the past?
With classical art, all is settled.
It is because there is not only darkness but also light that our situation becomes inexplicable.
The question would also be removed if we believed in the contrary -- total salvation.
So was my brother.
"Yes, for they deal with distress.
It is screaming at you even in the taxis of London".
Harold Clurman is right to say that "Waiting For Godot" is a reflection (he calls it a distorted reflection) "of the impasse and disarray of Europe's present politics, ethic, and common way of life".
"All is not sex", declared Lawrence.
it is a mystique, and their private language is rich in the multivalent ambiguities of sexual reference so that they dwell in a sexualized universe of discourse.
it is sacred.
Jazz is good not only because it promotes wholeness but because of its decided sexual effect.
Righteous in their denunciation of all that makes for death, the beat prophets bid all men become cool cats;
they will trust only their physical sensations, the wisdom of the body, the holy promptings of the unconscious.
One girl describes her past, her succession of broken marriages, the abortions she has had and finally confesses that she loves sex and sees no reason why she must justify her passion.
some of them are driven over the borderline of sanity and lose contact with reality.
This is the rhetoric of righteousness the beatniks use in defending their way of life, their search for wholeness, though their actual existence fails to reach these "religious" heights.
Since the homosexuals widely use marijuana, they do not have to be initiated.
There were fences in the old days when we were children.
What one actually remembers is its greenness.
From maturity one looks back at the succession of years, counts them and makes them many, yet cannot feel length in the number, however large.
ripe pears lying in long grass, to be turned over by a dusty-slippered foot, cautiously, lest bees still worked in the ragged, brown-edged holes;
and the poppies.
seed-pods of the balsams that snapped like fire-crackers at a touch;
We showed them to each other and said "Would you have guessed"?
The street that is full now of traffic and parked cars then and for many years drowsed on an August afternoon in the shade of the curbside trees, and silence was a weight, almost palpable, in the air.
The horse plodded on, and he repeated his call.
The curb was a line of stone laid edgewise in the dirt and tilted this way and that by frost in the ground or the roots of trees.
The trick these two play upon Jacoby reveals their want not simply of decency but of imagination as well.
By the same means he perceives this fact as having communicated itself to the audience;
When I try to work out my reasons for feeling that this passage is of critical significance, I come up with the following ideas, which I shall express very briefly here and revert to in a later essay.
We shall return to these statements and deal with them more fully as the evidence for them accumulates.
The artistic interest, then, lies in what the encounter may be made to represent, in the power of some central significance to draw the details into relevance and meaningfulness.
He is a widower, his three children are dead, he has no one left on earth;
Then an ambulance comes along, and they drive Praisegod Piepsam away.
His religiousness is intimately, or dialectically, connected with his sinfulness;
And if I have gone into so much detail about so small a work, that is because it is also so typical a work, representing the germinal form of a conflict which remains essential in Mann's writing: the crude sketch of Piepsam contains, in its critical, destructive and self-destructive tendencies, much that is enlarged and illuminated in the figures of, for instance, Naphta and Leverkuhn.
Their artistic rationale is given to the witness of unreason.
And although these insights into the nature of art may be in themselves insufficient for a thoroughgoing philosophy of art, their peculiar authenticity in this day and age requires that they be taken seriously and gives promise that from their very substance, new and valid chapters in the philosophy of art may be written.
In Plato's judgment, the arts play a meaningful role in society only in the education of the young, prior to the full development of their intellectual powers.
The artist, unlike the philosopher, is not a removed observer aiming at neutral and rarified high levels of abstraction.
As in experience one is seized by given entities and their interrelations and is forced to respond in value feelings to them, so one is similarly seized in the mimetic presentation of images.
Experience is not seen, as it is in classical rationalism, as presenting us initially with clear and distinct objects simply located in space and registering their character, movements, and changes on the tabula rasa of an uninvolved intellect.
Our most elemental and unavoidable impressions, he says, are those of being involved in a large arena of powers which have a longer past than our own, which are interrelated in a vast movement through the present toward the future.
A chief characteristic of experience in the mode of causal efficacy is one of derivation from the past.
By what right of superior virtue, Southerners ask, do the people of the North do this?
A Virginia judge a while back cited a Roman jurist to the effect that ten years might be a reasonable length of time for such a change.
The Declaration of Independence says that "governments derive their just powers from the consent of the governed".
Circumstances alter cases.
They may even enroll a colored student or two for show, though he usually turns out to be from Thailand, or any place other than the American South.
Well, after everybody has followed the New England pattern of segregating one's children into private schools, only the poor folks are left.
Robert Penn Warren puts it this way in "Brother To Dragons": "The recognition of complicity is the beginning of innocence", where innocence, I think, means about the same thing as redemption.
Emerson -- Platonist, idealist, doctrinaire -- sounded a high Transcendental note in his "Boston Hymn", delivered in 1863 in the Boston Music Hall amidst thundering applause: "Pay ransom to the owner and fill the bag to the brim.
The clause reprobating the enslaving the inhabitants of Africa was struck out in complaisance to South Carolina and Georgia, who had never attempted to restrain the importation of slaves, and who on the contrary still wished to continue it.
It is true that New England, more than any other section, was dedicated to education from the start.
And what a galaxy of those adorns that fair land!
The family estate was situated near Vadstena on Lake Vattern in south central Sweden.
In this final line, we have the key to his nature.
The young poet-painter reproduces the French life of the streets;
The short poems grouped at the end of the volume as "Thoughts in Loneliness" is, as Professor Book indicated, in sharp contrast with the others.
He did not, however, find himself at once.
Heidenstam's conception, on the contrary, was to revive the present by the memories of the past.
They comprise a great variety of scene and interest: grim episodes of war, idyllic interludes, superb canvases of world-shaking events, and delightfully humorous sketches of odd characters.
His purpose, however, was not to establish an empire, but to assert the principle of divine justice.
In "The King's Ride", Charles breaks out of a long period of petulance and inertia, regains his old self, escapes from Turkey, and finally reaches his own land after an absence of eighteen years.
As he had longed to be, he became the echo of a saga.
Of Gustavus Adolphus and Charles 12, it is unnecessary to speak.
Operating as a one man police force in fact if not in name, he is at once more independent and more dedicated than the police themselves.
In short, the fictional private eye is a specialized version of Adam Smith's ideal entrepreneur, the man whose private ambitions must always and everywhere promote the public welfare.
Even on the fictional level, however, the contradictions which give rise to the mystery story are not fully resolved.
With the advent of Sir Arthur Conan Doyle's Sherlock Holmes, the development of the modern private detective begins.
As he informs Watson, "My life is spent in one long effort to escape from the commonplaces of existence.
The great detective modestly agrees.
it is true that they are also extremely dull.
With Rex Stout's Nero Wolfe, alienation is represented on a purely physical plane.
but when the bird is found at last, it turns out to be a fake.
But even when the police are honest, they do not trust the private eye.
On the other hand, if he wishes to continue in his chosen profession, he must abandon his own code and sacrifice his precious individualism.
By monitoring, we mean some system of control over the types of information sent from the various centers.
Presumably a cocktail party is expected to fulfill the host's desire to get together a number of people who are inadequately acquainted and thereby arrange for bringing the level of acquaintance up to adequacy for future cooperative endeavors.
In spite of the dreams of the host for oneness in the group, the Af incoming messages for each guest overload his receiving system beyond comprehension if N exceeds about six.
In any social system in which communications have an importance comparable with that of production and other human factors, a point like f in Figure 2 would (other things being equal) be the dwelling place for the community leader, while e and h would house the next most important citizens.
Alexander the Great, who used runners as message carriers, did not have to worry about having every officer in his command hear what he said and having hundreds of them comment at once.
This is done for simplicity of commands and to bring the hidden redundancy up to where misunderstanding has almost zero possibility.
This objective is adhered to throughout the duration of the action.
A further regulation is that commands always go down, unaccompanied by statements, and statements always go up, unaccompanied by commands.
Since the difficulty of drawing the net is great, we will merely discuss it.
But first I want to quote him on the relationship that he found between religion and politics in this country and what happened to it.
It seemed to me that the liberals had scrapped the balanced polarity and reposed both liberty and the fundamental law in the common man.
The first of which to find important place in our federal government was the graduated income tax under Wilson.
And the ussr existed as the revolutionary experiment in radical socialism, the ultimate exemplar.
A perceptive journalist, Sam Lubell, has phrased it in the title of one of his books as the revolt of the moderates.
I would agree with this view.
What I want to point out here is that all of them are ex-liberals, or modified liberals, with perhaps one exception.
The Commission seems to represent the viewpoint of what I would call the unconscious liberal, but not unconscious enough, to invoke the now taboo symbolism of socialism.
Let's take a panoramic look back over the course we have come.
One way to determine whether we have so dangerous a technology would be to check the strength of our society's organs to see if their functioning is as healthy as before.
Naturally this includes all communication forms, e.g. languages, or any social, political, economic or religious structures employed for such control.
They were not diplomats or jazz musicians, or even organizers of reading-rooms and photo-montage displays, but rugged capitalist entrepreneurs like Henry Ford, Hugh Cooper, Thomas Campbell, the International Harvester Co., and David W. Griffith.
If we want respect from ourselves or others, we will have to earn it.
It serves only its own stockholders and poorly at that.
In all other areas, private initiative of the "proprietorship" type should be urged to produce the desired goods and services.
Corporations are apt by nature to be impersonal, inhumane, shortsighted and almost exclusively profit-motivated, a picture they could scarcely afford to present to the public.
Strikes should be declared illegal against corporations because disagreements would have to be settled by government representatives acting as controllers of the corporation whose responsibility to the state would now be defined against proprietorship because employees and proprietors must be completely interdependent, as they are each a part of the whole.
In my own company, in effect a partnership, although legally a corporation, I have been able to do many things for my employees which "normal" corporations of comparable size and nature would have been unable to do.
During the last years of Woodrow Wilson's administration, a red scare developed in our country.
They give strict interpretation to William James'statement that "Every idea that enters the mind tends to express itself".
Merely having a mental image of some sort is not the all-important consideration.
Ideas we must have, and we seek them everywhere.
If any had escaped expulsion by hiding, they certainly would not frequent the market-place.
Who cares about them!
Studying The Merchant Of Venice in high school and college has given many young people their notions about Jews.
Will his words come to be treasured and quoted through the years?
The son and heir of a prominent family marries a girl who has tell-tale shadows on the half-moons of her finger nails.
Debate is not likely to resolve the tensions and make the lot of the stepchild a happier one.
Ideas need to be tested, and not merely by argument and debate.
No holds are barred.
it did not even provide the architect's plan for anything new.
And if Howard Rutstein felt impelled thereafter to formulate the ethics of the medical profession, his article in the Atlantic Monthly accomplished a good deal more.
It recurred in the press conferences: the President's remarks about his running developed a singular tone, one which we find in few statements made by public individuals on such a matter.
At the national and international level, then, what is the highest kind of morality for the private citizen represents an instance of political immorality.
Only infrequently did the situation color his thinking.
But it is also the climax to one of the absorbing chapters in our current political history.
The portrait that had developed, fragmentarily but consistently, was the portrait of a man to whom serious thinking is alien enough that the making of a decision inhibits, when it does not forestall, any ability to review the decision in the light of new evidence.
He chooses to subordinate one to the other, sometimes reluctantly, accepting criticism for the lesser immoralities facts breed.
The liberal-conservative division, we might observe in passing, is not of itself directly involved in a private interest conflict nor even in struggle between ruling groups.
In this phase of change, no idea has social acceptance and so none has ontological status in the community.
This, however, cannot be done by a community whose very experience of truth is confused and incoherent: it has no absolute standard, and consequently cannot distinguish the absolute from the contingent.
The reasons for this experience are rooted in the metaphysical characteristics of such a change.
He needs existential completion, he needs, that is, to move in the direction of completion.
A number of considerations suggest that this occurs early in the process.
The emergence of the crisis itself would seem to constitute a warranty for the victory of disorder.
Others call it "alienation", and mean by that no simple economic experience (as Marx does) but a deep spiritual sense of dislocation.
Seemingly, order is perceived as a kind of subsistent entity now covered by adventitious accretions.
The basic truth in the reactionary response is to be found in its realistic assumption of the primacy of the real over the ideational.
There is no selectivity;
Now we can argue that the irresistible fate of Oedipus Rex was nothing more than the irresistible unconscious longings of Oedipus projected outward, but this externalization of unconscious conflict makes all the difference between a story and a clinical case history.
Which brings to mind another Lawrence story and some interesting comparisons in the treatment of the Oedipal theme.
I had read the story many times without asking myself why it affected me or caring why it did.
And if we understand the rocking as an erotic symbol we can also see how well it serves as the symbol of impending tragedy.
He was simply writing a story that wanted to be told, and in the writing a childhood fantasy of his own emerged.
2.
It was conceived as a leave-taking, a kind of melancholy gathering-in of the myths of the West, "bevor die Nacht sinkt, eine lange Nacht vielleicht und ein tiefes Vergessen".
Grigorss, at seventeen, learns his story and goes forth as a knight to uncover his origins.
Moreover, he organized the movement of his forms, within his rigorously shaped space, into highly complex equilibriums;
Exhibited in shows in London in 1935, and in New York the following year, the new, more elaborated abstracts were much favored in the circles of the modernists as three-dimentional dramas of great intellectual coherence.
He was engaged in constant experiments that searched for new directions.
The Rooseveltian America was a haven of liberalism and progress and seemed to him to constitute the last best hope for civilization.
and in early 1939, a "Fallen Figure" of very ominous character, which concluded his abstract phase.
After a sort of death march during four days without food, Helion and his comrades were shipped by cattle-car to a labor camp at an estate farm in East Germany.
In the prison camp's Black Market civilian clothes were quietly bought and forged papers were devised for him;
They felt rough and kind and warm.
They too loved their families, longed for their villages: yet lacked the faith that drove one to dare the fearful chance of escape".
Everything in the way of representation has already been done by the old masters".
others were of men doffing their hats to each other, carrying umbrellas with pomp, reading newspapers, or simply showing loaves of bread spread out.
Among them are Frederick J. Hoffman, William Van O'Connor, and Mrs. Olga Vickery.
It would not be easy to discover a more thoroughly Southern pedigree than that of his family.
Evidence is plentiful that early and later also he has been indebted to the Gothic romancers, who deal in extravagant horror, to the symbolists writing at the end of the preceding century, and in particular to the stream-of-consciousness novelists, Henry James and James Joyce among them.
Although Faulkner was the heir in his own family to this tradition, he did not have Stark Young's inclination to romanticize and sentimentalize the planter society.
William Gilmore Simms, sturdy realist that he was, pleaded for a natural robustness such as he found in his favorites the great Elizabethans, to vivify the pale writings being produced around him.
One of the early humorists already mentioned, Thomas Bangs Thorpe, can be used to illustrate another point where Faulkner touches authentic Southern materials and also earlier literary treatment of those materials.
Even if men eventually find themselves able to look through walls and around corners, one may question whether this will help them to live better lives.
He can sacrifice himself for tomorrow and he can sacrifice tomorrow for himself.
You could also say that in these pamphlets is a relieving quality of maturity.
The defensiveness has been exaggerated by another bad habit, our tendency to rate the "goodness" or "badness" of other nations by the extent to which they applaud the slogans we circulate about ourselves.
We would be ignoring the special circumstances of other countries.
The problem is rather to find out what is actually happening, and this is especially difficult for the reason that "we are busily being defended from a knowledge of the present, sometimes by the very agencies -- our educational system, our mass media, our statesmen -- on which we have had to rely most heavily for understanding of ourselves".
Going back over this ground and analyzing the composition of forces which have created the present scene is one of the tasks undertaken by the Center for the Study of Democratic Institutions, in Santa Barbara.
Many of us may even be secretly relieved at having a plausible excuse to delegate ancient civic responsibilities to a new bureaucracy of experts.
Nor did a constellation's stars vary in brightness during the course of their nocturnal flights.
In light of all this, one would require special reasons for saying that the paths of the heavenly bodies were other than circular.
Because motion which begins and ends at discrete places would (e.g. for Aristotle) be incomplete.
Thus earth has fallen to the center of the universe.
Let us re-examine the publicized contrasts between Ptolemaic and Copernican astronomy.
His problem concerns longitudes, latitudes, and angular velocities.
He cannot describe eclipses without entertaining some form of a three-body problem.
As an illustration of the principle of simplicity the heliocentric discovery has a peculiar appeal because it allows simplicity to be arithmetized;
The latter required juggling several elements simultaneously.
The lower-level hypotheses are never'ad hoc', never introduced ex post facto just to sweep up within the theory some recalcitrant datum.
But, considered within technical astronomy, a different pattern can be traced.
That such deficiencies existed within Ptolemy's theory was not discovered de novo by Copernicus.
usually, this is most exasperating to men, who expect every woman to verify their preconceived notions concerning her sex, and when she does not, immediately condemn her as eccentric and unwomanly.
Dr. Isaacs was so pleased with the quality of her biographical study of Sara Sullam that he considered submitting it to the Century Magazine or Harper's but he decided that its Jewish subject probably would not interest them and published it in The Messenger, "so our readers will be benefited instead".
Adler, Judge Sulzberger's nephew, came to study Assyriology.
Unlike his younger brother, Joe, he never presumed to address her more familiarly than as "My dear friend", although he praised and envied the elegance and purity of her style.
Mr. March, like Benjamin Szold, was a clergyman, although of an indeterminate denomination;
Sadie, like Beth March, suffered ill health -- got rheumatic fever and had to be careful of her heart -- but that never dampened her spirits.
The Szolds, like the Marches, enjoyed and loved living together, even in troubled times;
but the years that immediately followed were to be extraordinarily trying, both for Wright and his Montenegrin lady.
Mrs. Wright is without funds.
To get an idea of the embarrassment and chagrin that was heaped upon Wright and Olgivanna, we should bear in mind that the raids were sometimes led by Miriam in person.
When I take over Taliesin, the first thing I'll do is fire you".
and it gave Miriam Noel a fund of energy like that of a person inspired to complete some great and universal work of art.
"This is a horrible way to live", Wright went on.
After all, that's the job of the architect -- to give the world a little joy".
and the question before these meetings was, here is a man of international reputation and proved earning power;
His reply was, "Everything that has been printed derogatory to you, purporting to have come from me, was a betrayal, and nothing yet has been printed which I have sanctioned".
I realize, in taking this stand, just what it means to me and mine".
But what you could not know, of course, was how smoothly the Victorian Fitzgerald was to lead into an American Fitzgerald of my own vintage under whose banner we adolescents were to come, if not of age, then into a bright, taut semblance of it.
Only what else was she singing but the old Song of Songs, that most ancient of tunes that nature plays with such unfailing response upon young nerves?
There is another side of love, more nearly symbolized by the croak of the mating capercailzie, or better still perhaps by the mute antics of the slug.
I can see us now.
While my memory holds with relentless tenacity, as I cannot too often stress, to my wrongs, when it comes to my shames, it gestures and jokes and toys with chronology like a prestidigitator in the hope of distracting me from them.
Although it is constantly made to look foolish (too simple to come in out of the rain, people say, who have found in the innocent an impediment), it does not mind looking foolish because it is not concerned with how it looks.
But to me innocence is far less tangible.
A lady, you made clear to me both by precept and example, never raised her voice or slumped in her chair, never failed in social tact (in heaven, for instance, would not mention St. John the Baptist's head), never pouted or withdrew or scandalized in company, never reminded others of her physical presence by unseemly sound or gesture, never indulged in public scenes or private confidences, never spoke of money save in terms of alleviating suffering, never gossiped or maligned, never stressed but always minimized the hopelessness of anything from sin to death itself.
As Sandburg said at the time: "It is as ancient as the medieval European ballads brought to the Appalachian Mountains, it is as modern as skyscrapers, the Volstead Act, and the latest oil well gusher".
At age seventy-four, he became what he shyly terms a "pupil" of Andres Segovia, the great guitarist of the Western world.
I am certain that Carl Sandburg will not fall into the same sad philosophy.
"Preferably", said Carl, "one battered and worn, such as might be found in a pawnshop".
When someone in the audience rose and asked how does it feel to be a celebrity, Carl said, "A celebrity is a fellow who eats celery with celerity".
It comes and goes.
She has shared her husband's greatness, but only within the confines of their home;
She designed and supervised the building of the Harbert, Michigan, house, most of which was constructed by one local carpenter who carried the heavy beams singly upon his shoulder.
This family of Luxemburg immigrants, in fact, produced two exceptional children.
She knelt out of reverence for having read the Meditations of St. Augustine.
She once gave a German recitation before a convention of German-language teachers in Milwaukee.
Paula says that even though Carl's letters usually began, "Dear Miss Steichen", there was an understanding from the beginning that they would become husband and wife.
We and our friends are, of course, concerned with self-defense.
But the enmities it will incur, the isolation into which it will descend, and the internal moral and spiritual softness that will be engendered, will, in the long term, bring it to economic and political disaster.
Our surplus from foreign business transactions has in recent years fallen substantially short of the expenditures we make abroad to maintain our military establishments overseas, to finance private investment, and to provide assistance to the less developed nations.
Respecting their need, one of the major focal points of our concern is the South-Asian region.
The goal is to enlist all available economic resources in the industrialized Free World, especially private investment capital.
It is my studied conviction that no nation will ever risk general war against us unless we should become so foolish as to neglect the defense forces we now so powerfully support.
These remarkable ships and weapons, ranging the oceans, will be capable of accurate fire on targets virtually anywhere on earth.
but they are important foundation stones for more extensive exploration of outer space for the ultimate benefit of all mankind.
I believe it deficient in certain particulars.
the need to protect the public interest in situations of prolonged labor-management stalemate;
Here, he openly attacked Bang-Jensen and referred to his "aberrant conduct".
Hammarskjold's supposed desire to seek outside legal advice in the guise of Ernest Gross is illusion, at best.
He had always done well.
Gross swung his swivel chair.
"This is a distressing thing.
Gross bristled.
Don't forget the foreign press".
"The entire object of the press conference was to clarify the problem of the list, since many in the press were querying the U.N. about it.
Hammarskjold believes the U.N. is an organization that settles matters in a procedural way.
Marshall asked.
He probably didn't mean to write it this way, or maybe he did.
(Shann's own report, Peter Marshall reflected, describes the encounter as "immoderate".
"You know, this hits in many areas.
The group conducting the review is not holding formal hearings.
Fortunately the hole was found at last and plugged.
Finally, tiring of so monotonous a form of exercise, they decided to dance instead.
Even the first wave of homesickness had passed, although there were moments when Captain Heard pointed out on his compass the direction of Bradford that she felt a little twinge at her heart.
"I care not how soon we reach Calcutta, and are placed in a still room, with a bowl of milk and a loaf of Indian bread.
even Christ was baptized by this method.
Even Harriet could boldly write, "I know not how it is;
A little man with a "a dark copper color" skin, he was wearing "calico trousers and a white cotton short gown".
Ann was entranced with the view, as were her husband and friends.
Where were the hardships she had expected?
Harriet's mouth watered with anticipation when after months of dreaming she sat down at last to her much-craved milk and fresh bread.
Although after much trouble he did manage to get it back, he discovered there was no trade to be had.
Somewhat daunted, the two American missionaries reached the police station where they were questioned by a most unfriendly clerk.
Steele, who had earlier praised Molesworth in Tatler No. 189, now defended him in Englishman No. 46, depicting his removal as a setback to the Constitution.
Despite his defense of himself in the final paper of the Englishman and in his speech before the House, their efforts were successful.
Treasonable books striking at the Hanoverian Succession, he complains, are allowed to pass unnoticed.
Oxford, realizing that the law required the issuance of the writ, took the opposite view, for which the Queen never forgave him.
As notable examples of this abuse, he quotes passages from the Examiner, "that Destroyer of all things", and The Character of Richard Steele, which he here attributes to Swift.
This is the principal point made in this final section of Englishman No. 57, and it caps Steele's efforts in his other writing of these months to counteract the notion of the Tories as a "Church Party" supported by the body of the clergy.
this was the form in which their private feud most often appeared in the Tory press, especially the Examiner.
The twist lay in using Bing Crosby's voice on the sound track while leading man Eddie Bracken mouthed the words.
His second wife, Lillian, was the mother of John H. Mercer.
With her son evidencing so strong a musical bent his mother could do little else but get him started on the study of music -- though she waited until he was ten -- beginning with the piano and following that with the trumpet.
There they stayed".
But Mercer's explanation was simple: "I made out the check and carried it around a few days unsigned -- in case I lost it".
One day in a bar, so the legend goes, someone put a beer stein with too much force on the monacle and broke it.
While with the Whiteman band Mercer met Jerry Arlen.
When Johnny Mercer and Harold Arlen began their collaboration in 1940, Mercer, like Arlen, had several substantial film songs to his credit, among them "Hooray For Hollywood", "Ride, Tenderfoot, Ride", "Have You Got Any Castles, Baby?
He has a wonderfully retentive memory.
Besides doing a single song, "When The Sun Comes Out", they worked on the ambitious American-Negro Suite, for voices and piano, as well as songs for films.
It was here that the terror-stricken Dennis Moon played an unrehearsed role during the children's party.
He seemed timid (at first,) wore nose glasses from which a black ribbon dangled, and was no bigger than a jockey.
Mr. Herford touched the fat man's arm.
City editor Victor Watson of the New York American was a man of brooding suspicions and mysterious shifts of mood.
It was said that the Hetman plotted to take over the entire Hearst newspaper empire one day by means of various coups: the destruction of editors who tried to halt his course, the unfrocking of publishers whose mistakes of judgment might be magnified in secret reports to Mr. Hearst.
Why'"?
Then I spent the next two days at the baseball park and at Jack Doyle's pool parlors.
We fashioned beards, put them on, and reported to the Hetman at the city desk.
While I was sitting at one of the rewrite telephones with my derby and my great beard, Arthur Brisbane whizzed in with some editorial copy in his hand.
He campaigned successfully for the riddance of "Death Avenue" and also brought about the ending of pollution of metropolitan beaches by sewage.
that is, until I became an editor, hence, in his eyes, a rival.
We already have the only one of its kind".
All the rest of the days in the White House would be shadowed by the tragic loss, even though the President tried harder than ever to make his little dry jokes and to tease the people around him.
Mrs. Coolidge spent more time in her bedroom among her doll collection.
John was away at school most of the time.
This is not true.
Mama didn't know what to do -- whether to tell on Rob Roy or not -- since she had the ear of Mrs. Coolidge more than the other maids.
All the dogs would dash to get on the elevator with the President and go to the dining room.
They seemed to be at the White House half the time.
The favorite guest of the house, as far as the staff was concerned, was Mr. Wrigley, the chewing gum king.
The wool would become frazzled around the edges from blowing in the wind, and Mama would mend it.
When Mrs. Coolidge was in mourning, she did not wear black.
Mama stooped down to fix the train, but there was no train there!
they have observed correct neutrality;
The working test of "the facts" must always be the best available description obtainable from scholars and scientists who have applied their methods of investigation to relevant situations.
To some extent predispositions are shaped by exposure to group environments.
Many selections are themselves convincing contributions to this appraisal.
What factors condition the degree of realization at various times and places?
When decision makers act within this frame they determine whether a claim put forward in the name of religion is to be accepted by the larger community as appropriate to religion.
claims are properly disposed of according to norms common to all parties.
During moments of intense crisis the responsibility of political leaders is overwhelming.
Now an abiding difficulty of paragraphs like the foregoing is that they appear to preach;
but involvement needs to be accompanied by a special frame of mind.
Clearly what the person brings to the reading is important.
after all, the large (and probably unreliable) Reader's Digest literature on the "most unforgettable character I ever met" deals with village grocers, country doctors, favorite if illiterate aunts, and so forth.
Probably the most important thing to focus on is not the development of conscience, which may well be almost beyond the reach of literature, but the contents of conscience, the code which is imparted to the developed or immature conscience available.
How literature does this, or for whom, is certainly not clear, but the content, form, and language of the "message", as well as the source, would all play differentiated parts in giving and molding a sense of purpose.
If art is to release us from these postulated things (things we must think symbolically about) and bring us back to the ineffable beauty and richness of the aesthetic component of reality in its immediacy, it must sever its connection with these common sense entities".
Here I do not mean catharsis, the discharge of emotion.
One of the most frequent views of the value of literature is the education of sensibility that it is thought to provide.
I would say, too, that the study of literature tends to give a person what I shall call depth.
One might argue that the ultimate purpose of literary scholarship is to correct this spontaneous provincialism that is likely to obscure the horizons of the general public, of the newspaper critic, and of the creative artist himself.
This understanding, of course, may in its turn take many forms and some of these -- especially those most interesting to the student of comparative literature -- are essentially historical.
Outstanding among these is the idea of human nature itself, including the many definitions that have been advanced over the centuries;
Our understanding will very probably require both these commentaries.
Let us quote once more from R. G. Collingwood: "History is properly concerned with the actions of human beings Regarded from the outside, an action is an event or series of events occurring in the physical world;
We may thus trace the notion of individual autonomy from its manifestation in religious practice and theological reflection through practical politics and political theory into literature and the arts.
In much the same way, we recognize the importance of Shakespeare's familarity with Plutarch and Montaigne, of Shelley's study of Plato's dialogues, and of Coleridge's enthusiastic plundering of the writings of many philosophers and theologians from Plato to Schelling and William Godwin, through which so many abstract ideas were brought to the attention of English men of letters.
Of course, if you don't make the American a success, Hearst will have no further use for you".
This was not before the House but before the Judiciary Committee, where he asked for action on one of his pet bills, that calling for an investigation of the coal-railroad monopoly.
This was the very sort of legislation that Roosevelt himself had in mind.
He showed little interest in measures put forward by the regular Democrats.
Platoons of Hearst agents were traveling from state to state in a surprisingly successful search for delegates at the coming convention, and there were charges that money was doing a large part of the persuading.
The average Democratic politician, especially in the country districts, is hungry for the spoils of office.
More splenetic was Senator Edward Carmack of Tennessee, a Parker man.
Our state has been overrun with a gang of paid agents and retainers.
"I must hurry to catch my train".
"I should, of course", he said, "like any other man, be honored and gratified should the Democrats see fit to nominate me.
His passion and enthusiasm convey the courage and high adventure of Garibaldi's exploits and give the reader a unique sense of participation in the events described.
Later research has shown this part of the legend of the Re Galantuomo to be false.
Trevelyan centers too exclusively on Bright, is insufficiently appreciative of the views of Bright's opponents and critics, and makes light of the genuine difficulties faced by Peel.
The theme of glorious summer coming after a long winter of discontent and repression was, he has told us, congenial to his artistic sense.
His technique is genuinely masterful.
In short order, the general history became his most popular work and has remained, aside from his later Social history, the work most widely favored by the public.
His nationalism was not a new characteristic, but its self-consciousness, even its self-satisfaction, is more obvious in a book that stretches over the long reach of English history.
In addition, he believed in the "dramatic unity and separateness of the period from 1702-14, lying between the Stuart and Hanoverian eras with a special ethos of its own".
The scene is etched in sharp detail, the military problems brilliantly explained, and the excitement and importance of the battle made evident.
That was all they needed.
"I thank you most heartily for being here.
As usual, the press photographers were on hand.
"Yes".
I asked.
Then will you give me a visa to re-enter France"?
The reporters were questioning the Interior man and the French officer, both of whom remained noncommittal as to what action, if any, would be taken in my regard.
A special guard was posted at my end of the bridge to make sure I didn't cross, the ludicrousness of the situation being revealed fully in that everyone else -- men, women, and children, dogs, cats, horses, cars, trucks, baby carriages -- could cross Kehl bridge into Kehl without surveillance.
The Peter family proved wonderful and helpful friends in the following days, Mrs. Peter, little Esther, and Raoul, who generously lent me his sleeping bag for my "Watch on the Rhine".
It was a merry if somewhat soggy Christmas for me that year.
"We're from the Council of Europe, British delegation.
Esther, mistaking my hesitation, assured me that the hospital expense would be taken care of by a leading merchant in Strasbourg whom she had already approached.
"Jean Babel".
When the victory cheer went up this officer found himself still mounted, with his horse pressed broadside against Cleburne's log parapet in a tangled group of infantrymen.
A popular belief grew up after the war that the only time during the Civil War that Thomas ever put his horse to a gallop was when he went to hurry up Stanley for this assault.
That night a note written in Slocum's hand and dated from inside the captured city came to Sherman stating that the Twentieth Corps was in possession of Atlanta.
Sherman felt that his own part in the campaign was skillful and well executed but that the slowness of a part of his army robbed him of the larger fruits of victory.
He felt that this campaign would be famous in the annals of war.
The skirmishing was almost constant.
Sherman proved that a railway base could be movable and the most brilliant feature of the Atlanta campaign was the rapid repair of the tracks.
The horseman required eleven times more than the footman.
It could reach key tactical points faster than infantry and destroy them or hold them as the case might be for the foot soldier.
A great part of the time, Thomas'infantry never knew the location of the enemy line.
Rank was becoming an explosive issue in all three of Sherman's armies.
Consequently, on October 31, 1896, Mrs. King wrote to Thompson, quite against her daughter's wishes, asking him not to "recommence a correspondence which I believe has been dropped for some weeks".
I am a great deal at the little children's Hospital.
Last, not least, there are some poems which K. King sent me (addressed to herself) when I was preparing a fresh volume, asking me to include them.
and launch them on the world when their time comes.
Thompson, of course, was persuaded not to take the "terrible step";
Whose absence dearer comfort is, by far, Than presences of other women are"!
In any event, the critical productivity of that time is abundant proof that if he was taking laudanum, it was never in command of him to the extent that it had been during his vagrant years.
Poetry, he said, must be "dogmatic": it must not stoop to argue like a "K.C. in cloth-of-gold".
Catherine's first war against the Grand Turk had ended in 1774 with a peace treaty quite favorable to her.
During a sojourn of slightly more than three months Chamberlain Littlepage could see action on both elements.
From Milan came the young Chevalier De Litta, an officer in the service of Malta.
Having done so, he began to experience all the frustrations of others who attempted to get along with Serenissimus and do a job at the same time.
For if Serenissimus made the sign of the Cross with his right hand, and meant it, with his left he beckoned lewdly to any lady who happened to catch his eye.
As Littlepage noted: "A complete picture of Prince Potemkin may be had in his 1788 operations.
Kind by nature, he never refused charity to a beggar or help to anyone who asked him for it (as Lewis would one day discover).
He rose at 4:00 A.M. the year round and was apt to stride through camp crowing like a cock to wake his men.
He had accordingly cultivated eccentricity to the point of second nature.
He often donned their tribal costumes, such as the one featuring a tall, black sheepskin hat from the top of which dangled a little red bag ornamented by a chain of worsted lace and tassels;
"Transparent look, waxy skin -- could well be uremia".
"You know", Norton said to me later, "I am thinking of setting up the Klinico Brownapopolus.
In the late afternoon Mando came back to fetch us, and we drove to the Acropolis.
We are here!
More than twenty-four hundred years old, bruised, battered, worn and partially destroyed, combining to an astounding degree solidity and grace, it still stands, incomparable testimony to man's aspiration.
The columns of the Parthenon are fluted Doric.
Athenian society was split into two factions, the Philistines and the Artists.
Bedtime is late, for the balmy evenings are delightful and everyone wants to linger under the stars.
Greek boys and girls also go for rock-and-roll, and the stations most tuned to are those carrying United States overseas programs.
I think its thirst had never been assuaged before.
We met some charming Athenians, and among them our chauffeur Panyotis ranked high.
The charge was so farfetched that Woodruff paid little attention to it, and answered Pike in a rather bored way, wearily declaring that a "new hand" was pumping the bellows of the Crittenden organ, and concluding: "In a controversy with an adversary so utterly destitute of moral principles, even a triumph would entitle the victor to no laurels.
The strategy worked perfectly.
Without further inquiry, Pike jumped to the conclusion that Robinson was guilty, and, following the honorable route that would eventually lead to the dueling ground, sent a message to Robinson through his friends, demanding that he either confirm or deny his complicity.
In the next few months of comparative silence, Pike waited patiently until conditions were perfect for a new attack, and then, displaying a remarkable grasp of the subtleties of political infighting, gained from his first bout with Woodruff, he used these changed conditions to excellent advantage.
Considering the governor's act a personal rebuff, he aired his feelings in The Gazette on August 26, 1834:
Then he called on the governor to explain why.
Fulton was a very close friend of Jackson, and had been his private secretary for a number of years in the old days.
" He wrote.
Very soon after his arrival in Little Rock, Pike had joined one of the most influential organizations in town, the Little Rock Debating Society, and it was with this group that he made his debut as an orator, being invited to deliver the annual Fourth of July address the club sponsored every year.
wept day and night for the sins and blindness of the world had a long walk through the trees and woods by his house, where he constantly walked morning and evening, and even in the depths of the night, alone by himself, for contemplation and the enjoyment of the dispensation of light.
With his wife and three or more children he arrived in Boston in March, 1637, and soon found it was no place for anyone looking for liberty of conscience.
He left in a storm for Pocasset, December 4, 1638.
Gorton reverted to his Plymouth tactics, refused to let her go, and appeared himself before the Portsmouth grand jury.
Williams also stated: "Our peace was like the peace of a man who hath the tertian ague".
Instead of that he was engulfed by bedlam.
The Commissioners at Boston wrote the victims to see their misdeeds and repent or they should "look upon them as men prepared for slaughter".
Gorton and ten of his friends were thrown in jail.
Four ecclesiastical questions were presented by the General Court to Gorton: "1.
Seven of the prisoners were sentenced to be confined in irons for as long as it pleased the court, set to work and, if they broke jail or proclaimed heresy, to be executed if convicted.
The next day he seemed to be in fairly good shape and still in excellent spirits.
The doctor agreed, but explained that it would be necessary first to check Fred's blood to ascertain whether or not it was of the same type as Papa's.
"But why in the name of God can't I give my father blood"?
The date was June 20, 1922.
Fred and Ralph qualified as executors and paid off what debts were currently due, and they were all current, since Papa was never one to allow bills to go unpaid.
And that's how Papa's estate was divided.
I have known Papa to exclaim on getting his tax bill, "we're going to the dogs"!
But things were worked out in the family and late in August he wrote Miss McCrady an explanatory letter in which he told her that matters at home had been in an unsettled condition after Papa's death and he had not known whether he would stay at home with Mama, accept the Northwestern job, or return to Harvard.
It ran two nights, and though it was generally praised, there was considerable criticism of its length.
In this play there were some thirty or more named characters and I don't know how many more unnamed.
Well, the Theatre Guild kept that play, and kept it, and finally in December they turned it down.
He thought about it and he told the man he just couldn't do it over in accordance with the suggestions he had made.
I went to the Christian Endeavor Society and to the evening service of the church.
No load of sin had been laid on my shoulders, nor did earnest effort enable me to become conscious of one.
I bethought me of the Lord's Prayer, and these words came to mind: "Thy kingdom come, Thy will be done, on earth as it is in heaven".
If disobeyed, the result is turmoil and chaos.
In his book Civilization And Ethics Albert Schweitzer faces the moral problems which arise when moral law is recognized in business life, for example.
On the contrary it is my duty to make my own decision as between the two".
One of them is that it gives meaning and purpose to life.
yet here was a depth of sensibility which is lacking in a considerable portion of the beneficiaries of our civilization.
I asked one day what he was doing.
This complacency was blown to bits by the relativity of Einstein, the revelation of the complex anatomy of the atom and the discovery of the expanding universe.
His inability to wonder vitiates his argument.
Plato and Aristotle
Only those story tellers will remain who can "imitate the style of the virtuous".
Plato feels that man has two competing aspects, his rational faculty and his irrational.
He says: "
Once the poetic arts are separated from the other forms, he lays down his famous definition of tragedy, which sets up standards and so lends direction to the remainder of the work.
And there is one other point in the Poetics that invites moral evaluation: Aristotle's notion that the distinctive function of tragedy is to purge one's emotions by arousing pity and fear.
The second half of the sixteenth century in England was the setting for a violent and long controversy over the moral quality of renaissance literature, especially the drama.
According to William Ringler's study, Stephen Gosson, the theater business in London had become a thriving enterprise by 1577, and, in the opinion of many, a thoroughly bad business.
Fortunately, it is possible to be somewhat more concrete and factual in diagnosing the involvement of values in education.
Other conceivable goals, such as character-education and social adjustment, are of secondary importance to them.
Our students want occupations that permit them to use their talents and training, to be creative and original, to work with and to help other people.
Furthermore, many reluctant recruits are yielding to social demands, or compromising in the face of their own limitations of opportunity, or of ability and performance.
But these terms are treacherous.
This finding is consistent also with the fact that student leaders are more likely to be supporters of the values implicit in civil liberties than the other students.
As they move through the college years our young men and women are "socialized" into a broadly similar culture, at the level of personal behavior.
The religious quest is often intense and deep, and there are students on every campus who are seriously wrestling with the most profound questions of meaning and value.
after all, feelings of immortality and invulnerability are standard illusions of youth.
In order to prevent this, Washington hastened to dispatch several units to reinforce the fort, including a force under the Marquis De Lafayette containing some 160 of Morgan's riflemen, all who were fit for duty at this time, the rest having no shoes.
Morgan immediately disposed his troops for action and found he had not long to wait.
If she wanted to borrow any sum of money in expecting the arrangements of Congress, it would not become a stranger, unknown to her, to offer himself for that purpose.
Besides helping to prevent the movement of the British to the west, Valley Forge also obstructed the trade between Howe's forces and the farmers, thus threatening the vital subsistence of the redcoats and rendering their foraging to obtain necessary supplies extremely hazardous.
Daniel Morgan's rheumatic condition worsened with the increase of the cold and damp weather.
There must have been special feelings of joy and patriotism in the heart of Daniel Morgan too, when the news was received on April 30th of the recognition by France of the independence of the United States.
Interestingly enough, the order transmitted to Morgan through Alexander Hamilton also informed him that "A party of Indians will join the party to be sent from your command at Whitemarsh, and act with them".
For by now the original cause of the quarrel, Philip's seizure of Gascony, was only one strand in the spider web of French interests that overlay all western Europe and that had been so well and closely spun that the lightest movement could set it trembling from one end to the other.
The French were now occupying Gascony and Flanders on the technical grounds that their rulers had forfeited them by a breach of the feudal contract.
Boniface was later to explain to the English that Robert of Burgundy and Guy De St.-Pol were easy enough to do business with;
He was unable to send any more help to his allies on the Continent, and during the next few years many of them, left to resist French pressure unaided, surrendered to the inevitable and made their peace with Philip.
Underneath all the high-sounding phrases of royal and papal letters and behind the more down-to-earth instructions to the envoys was the inescapable fact that Edward would have to desert his Flemish allies and leave them to the vengeance of their indignant suzerain, the king of France, in return for being given an equally free hand with the insubordinate Scots.
It usually turned out well for him because either he liked the right people or there were only a few wrong people in the town.
From that day on he never spoke to Harry or to Lew, or to Lew's two boys, Mort and Jimmy.
She couldn't cook or clean or make him comfortable.
if he wanted to leave me something let it be a trinket, nothing else.
He entered the house in silence, walked into Alfred's room, and closed the door behind him.
She didn't turn away from the window.
Harry followed the car until it reached the main road and turned towards Kingston.
He came to Fleischmanns directly from the boat that brought him to America from Russia.
He treated both with equal indifference and with equal contempt;
When these chores were finished, only then, was she allowed whatever freedom she could find.
It wasn't hard to understand.
Karl was an almost exact copy of his father physically and it was strange to see the expected become the unexpected.
At the bottom of this change were great strides forward in the technical equipment and technical standards of the historian.
Although because of the important achievements of nineteenth century scholars in the field of textual criticism the advance is not so striking as it was in the case of archaeology and place-names, the editorial principles laid down by Stevenson in his great edition of Asser and in his Crawford Charters were a distinct improvement upon those of his predecessors and remain unimproved upon today.
By 1913, Ferdinand Lot could begin an article subtitled "La Conquete De La Grande-Bretagne par Les Saxons" with the words, "Il est difficile aujourd'hui d'entretenir des illusions sur la valeur du recit traditionnel de la conquete de la Grande-Bretagne.
Their conclusions concerning the untrustworthiness of the West Saxon annals, the confused chronology of Bede, the unreliability of the early positions of the Anglo-Saxon genealogies and the mythological elements contained in Nennius are now mostly accepted.
This is nevertheless a minority view.
Now omitting for a moment some recent developments we can say the Saxon Shore hypothesis of Lappenberg and Kemble has undergone virtual eclipse in this century.
That is, there was no trace of Anglo-Saxons in Britain as early as the late third century, to which time the archaeological evidence for the erection of the Saxon Shore forts was beginning to point.
We also know that the Saxon Shore as reflected in the Notitia was created as a part of the Theodosian reorganization of Britain (post A.D. 369).
namely, is the idea that there were Saxon mercenaries in England at all reasonable?
The result was that by secret agreement draft machinery was actually ready long before the country knew that the device was to take the place of the volunteering method which Theodore Roosevelt favored.
He was Julius Kahn for whom the Chief of Staff thought no honor could be too great.
It was one thing to call men to the colors;
It was the first American war in which the death rate from disease was lower than that from battle, due to the provision of trained medical personnel (of the 200,000 officers, 42,000 were physicians), compulsory vaccination, rigorous camp sanitation, and adequate hospital facilities.
Both Secretary of War Baker and Secretary of Navy Daniels devoted much time and effort to the problem of providing reasonably normal and wholesome activities in camp for the millions of men who had been removed from their home environment.
The problem involved military necessity as much as morality, for in pre-penicillin days venereal disease was a crippling disability.
In Europe, Premier Clemenceau, showing his animal proclivities as the "Tiger of France", asked Pershing by letter for the creation of special houses where the sexual desires of American men could be satisfied.
He was placed in charge of athletics, and among other things adapted the type of calisthenics known as the daily dozen.
The intimations of a related spirit and ordering of human values are stronger than any sense of disparity.
It is the triumph of rationalism and secular metaphysics which marks the point of no return.
We cannot conceive of Oedipus without a Sphinx, nor of Hamlet without a Ghost.
It banishes the night wanderers to fire or repose.
Agamemnon, Creon, and Medea perform their tragic actions before the eyes of the polis.
In the eighteenth century there emerges for the first time the notion of a private tragedy (or nearly for the first time, there having been a small number of Elizabethan domestic tragedies such as the famous Arden Of Feversham).
They order the manifold levels of reality and moral value along an axis of being which extends from brute matter to the immaculate stars.
After the seventeenth century the audience ceased to be an organic community to which these ideas and their attendant habits of figurative language would be natural or immediately familiar.
The dream of achieving a synthesis between the Sophoclean and the Shakespearean genius inspired the ambitions of poets and composers from the time of Shelley and Victor Hugo to that of Bayreuth.
The wager between God and Satan brings on the destiny of Faust, but Faust assumes his role voluntarily.
The Bishop of Gloucester described the elder Thomas in 1577 as the richest recusant in his diocese, worth five hundred pounds a year in lands and goods.
The corporation entertained him for dinner at Quiney's house in 1596/7, with wine and sugar sent by the bailiff, Sturley.
Sturley on November 4 answered a letter from Quiney written on October 25 which imported, wrote Sturley, "that our countriman Mr. Wm. Shak. would procure us monei: which I will like of as I shall heare when, wheare & howe: and I prai let not go that occasion if it mai sort to ani indifferent condicions.
Wherefore I thynke yow maye doo good yff yow can have money".
& 20 more Mr. Peeter Rowswell tooke order with his master to paie for mee".
and I was six days going thither and coming homewards;
He set down that "I gave Mr. Greene a pynte of muskadell and a roll of bread that last morning I went to have his company to Master Attorney".
A report of Sr. Edw Grevyles minaces to the Baileefe Aldermen & Burgesses of Stratforde" tells how Quiney was injured by Greville's men: "in the tyme Mr. Ryc'Quyney was bayleefe ther came some of them whoe beinge druncke fell to braweling in ther hosts howse wher thei druncke & drewe ther dagers uppon the hoste: att a faier tyme the Baileefe being late abroade to see the towne in order & comminge by in hurley burley came into the howse & commawnded the peace to be kept butt colde nott prevayle & in hys endevor to sticle the brawle had his heade grevouselye brooken by one of hys (Greville's) men whom nether hymselfe (Greville) punnished nor wolde suffer to be punnished but with a shewe to turne them awaye & enterteyned agayne".
Indeed, he concluded that "geographical conditions have exercised a great, possibly a preponderating, influence over man's destiny".
Much criticism has been leveled at this rather forced analogy, but what is equally significant is Adams'complete acceptance of the Biblical record as "good and trustworthy history".
What is exposited by this observation is not the inherent prejudices of Englishmen but the Anglophobia of Brooks Adams.
All of Adams'work reflects this dogmatic characteristic.
J. T. Shotwell was appalled by such spurious history as that which attributed the fall of the Carolingian empire to the woolen trade, and he urged Adams to "transform his essay into a real history, embodying not merely those facts which fit into his theory, but also the modifications and exceptions".
Religion without supernaturalism
Certainly, he must recognize its power and attempt to ascertain its influence on the flow of history, but he must not confuse the natural and the mundane with the divine.
The power of every ecclesiastical organization has always rested on the miracle, and the clergy have always proved their divine commission as did Elijah".
Yet, the idea imbedded in each was identical: to surround the unknown with mystery and to isolate that class which had been given special dominion over the secrets of God.
As a naturalist living for two years at the headwaters of the Amazon, he had collected specimens for Mexican museums, and he had taken to the London zoo a live quetzal, the sacred bird of the old Mayans.
We lived for a while in a movie melodrama with a German cook and her son who turned out to be Nazis.
There had been reading at table, especially from two books, Pope Gregory The Great's account of St. Scholastica in his Dialogues and my own The World Of Washington Irving.
I never met John Dewey, whose style was a sort of verbal fog and who had written asking me to go to Mexico with him when he was investigating the cause of Trotsky;
This friend of many years came once to visit us in the house at Weston.
Then, all but blind, he said there was nothing in Back to Methuselah --, -- "G.B.S. ought to have known that", -- and "I look at my bookshelves despairingly, knowing that I can have nothing more to do with them".
With facts mainly in his mind, he was often acute in the matter of style, and he said, "The young who have as yet nothing to say will try larks with initial letters and broken lines.
Both Alfred Harcourt and Donald Brace had written him enthusiastic praise of Elmer Gantry (any changes could be made in proof, which was already coming from the printer) and they had ordered 140,000 copies -- the largest first printing of any book in history.
And she withdrew then to Cromwell Hall, in Cromwell, Connecticut.
She was occupying herself in an attempt to write an article about the variety of houses that they had rented abroad.
Blackman arrived a day or two early, and Lewis took him to a department store immediately and outfitted him, luggage and all, and then he took him to a party at the Woodwards that went on until four in the morning.
L. M. Birkhead challenged him to name one and he was silent.
These rumors of permanent separation started up a whole crop of stories about her.
When Blackman emerged from the bedroom, everyone was gone except the tolerant Lord Thomson, who stayed and chatted with him for half an hour, and then Blackman lay awake most of that night, despairing of what he must expect on the Continent.
Then they returned to their hotel and got ready for bed.
He became a fellow of Jesus in 1629, proceeded M.A. from Jesus in 1632, and was proctor in 1639-40.
The fifteenth name was (Thomas) Baldwin, admitted to Christ's 4 March 1625 under Alsop.
Recapitulation of Milton's undergraduate career
He also displayed the ability to write Latin verse on almost any topic of dispute, the verses, of course, to be delivered from memory.
His early poems and some of his prose prolusions speak of wanderings in the city and the neighboring country that may be extended to Cambridge and its surrounding countryside.
Graceful as his fencing and dancing lessons had taught him to be in addition to the natural grace of his slight, wiry frame, he cut enough of a figure to have evoked a nickname in the college, to which he himself referred in Prolusion 6:
the mere fact that he was selected, though as a substitute, to act as interlocutor or moderator for it, or perhaps we should say with Buck as'father of the act', is in itself a difficult phase of his development to grasp.
No other names among the young men in residence at the time seem to have been even suggested by Milton as those of persons with whom he in any way consorted.
Arriving just in time to stop men from turning their planet into a radioactive wasteland, the Overlords unite earth into one world in which justice, order, and benevolence prevail and ignorance, poverty, and fear have ceased to exist.
Among the dystopias, for example, Isaac Asimov's The Caves Of Steel (1954) portrays the deadly effects on human life of the super-city of the future;
What makes the current phenomenon unique is that so many science-fiction writers have reversed a trend and turned to writing works critical of the impact of science and technology on human life.
The consequences, of course, have been dreadful: reckless expansion has led to overpopulation, pollution of the earth and depletion of its natural resources.
And this, of course, is exactly what Madison Avenue has been accused of doing albeit in a primitive way, with its "hidden persuaders" and what the space merchants accomplish with much greater sophistication and precision.
But the only ideal he can think of is "Sales"!
Its surface loses its bloom and submits to its wrinkles in ways less immediately obvious than the body does.
Those famous lines of the Greek Anthology with which a fading beauty dedicates her mirror at the shrine of a goddess reveal a wise attitude: "Venus, take my votive glass, Since I am not what I was, What from this day I shall be, Venus, let me never see".
At least I should like them to know that I know these discounts are being made.
But in ways more fundamental than specific political opinions they are still what they always were: passionate, sure without a shadow of doubt of whatever it is that they are sure of, capable of seeing black and white only and, therefore, committed to the logical extreme of whatever it is they are temporarily committed to.
But he, as I can now retort, was the man who could see so short a distance ahead that after a visit to Russia he gave voice to the famous exclamation: "I have seen the future and it works".
When I first came across Samuel Johnson's pronouncement, "the remedy for the ills of life is palliative rather than radical", it seemed to me to sum up the profoundest of political and social truths.
One day he was visited by a delegation of would-be imitators who wanted to know his secret.
It is not something that can be expected to happen now.
Punishment of the wrongdoer, so liberals are inclined to say, can have only three possible justifications: revenge, reformation or deterrent example.
Even in its present form, however, the first part of Malraux's unrecoverable novel is among the greatest works of mid-twentieth century literature;
"and the more the action claims to be total, the smaller is the part of man engaged".
The framing scenes, on the other hand, both take place in the late Spring of 1940, just at the moment of the defeat of France in the second great world conflict.
What does the narrator see and what does he feel?
From this point of view the "militant mobs" of the past, stirred into action by one ideology or another, were all composed of "intellectuals" -- and this is not the level on which the essence of mankind can be discovered.
And, after becoming the right-hand man of Enver Pasha, he is sent by the latter to pave the way for a new Turkish Empire embracing "the union of all Turks throughout Central Asia from Adrianople to the Chinese oases on the Silk Trade Route".
But as he discovers shortly, on returning among intellectuals obsessed by le culte du moi, his experience of action had also taught him a more positive lesson.
We need joint chiefs of a political general staff".
Thus far the advances made have been almost entirely along functional lines.
In 1949 the Council of Europe came into existence, a purely consultative parliamentary body but the first organ of political rather than functional unity.
If a broader Atlantic community is to be formed -- and my own judgment is that it lies within the realm of both our needs and our capacity -- a ready nucleus of machinery is at hand in the NATO alliance.
This machinery will not become the instrument of an Atlantic community by fiat, but only when that community evolves from potentiality to reality.
6,
I believe that these proposals, however meritorious in terms of world needs, go far beyond our capacity to realize them.
The trouble with this machinery is that it is not used and the reason that it is not used is the absence of a conscious sense of community among the free nations.
Under the general heading "poetry-and-jazz" widely divergent experiments have been carried out.
(Downbeat did not mention the Los Angeles appearance of Patchen and the Sextet, although the engagement lasted over two months.
Beauty as well as love is redemptive, and Patchen preaches a kind of moral salvation.
These early experiments were evidently not altogether satisfying to Patchen.
most important to Patchen, he was a non-literary hero, and very contemporary.
The differentiation between the East Coast and West Coast schools of jazz, the differences between the "hard bop" school of Rollins, and the "cerebral" experiments of Tristano, Konitz and Marsh, the general differences in the mores of white and Negro musicians, all had become fairly well known to certain segments of the public.
Everyone knows that private detectives in real life are not like Sam Spade and Pat Novak, but the real and the imaginary musician are closely linked.
He must become one who knows all about the injustice in the world, but who declines doing anything about it.
Angry that none of us knew anything but filth and poverty.
Can't hold her pure little han'!
He spent one year at the University of North Carolina because Thomas Wolfe went there.
they sweated out some kind of formal education;
The New York mind is two parts abstraction and one part misinformation about the rest of the country and in fact the world.
The only possible answer to that is, I am a suffering Franco-Irishman.
Krim was able to get an advance for a novel, and time and opportunity to write at Yaddo, but it was no good.
fear.
The most obvious characteristic of contemporary American writing, apart from the beat nonsense, is its cosmopolitanism.
if it had never printed a word of literature its contribution to the politico-sociological area would still be historic.
He indicates that he has none of the, disciplines that criticism requires, including education;
For the sad truth is that while one might write well without having read Bartleby The Scrivener, one is more likely, to write well if one has "read it, and much else.
Little things.
On his bookshelves were some of the latest American novels, including Bellow's Seize The Day, but he hadn't read them (they were sent by American publishers) and wasn't especially interested in what the American writers were up to.
He knew all about it and had put it down in journal form in The War In A Black Shirt, a wonderful book not, for some strange reason, published in the U.S.
It was a pity because she had planned to lay a wreath at the foot of the Garibaldi statue, towering over Rome in spectacular benediction from the highpoint of the Gianicolo.
"We would see it that way, but it was glorious then.
When it was over, eight of his company were still alive and all eight were wounded.
I have seen diapers strung across the ruined roof.
Nothing was going to be done this year to celebrate Garibaldi's bold and unsuccessful defense of Rome.
He flew over Rome one day during the early days of Mussolini and scattered leaflets over the city, denouncing the Fascists.
Most Romans, even some postmen, know it by the old name.
She showed us what had happened to her.
Why not?
The English lady was pleased and enthusiastic.
Printed material
SBA cosponsors these courses with educational institutions and community groups.
new industrial uses for raw, semi-processed and waste, materials;
The property sales assistance program is designed to assist small business concerns that may wish to buy property offered for sale by the Federal Government.
Purpose of this inventory is to include all eligible productive facilities in SBA's facilities register so that the small business concerns may have an opportunity to avail themselves of the services authorized by the Congress in establishing the Small Business Administration.
Detroit, Mich.;
Printed material
SBA loans, which may be made to small manufacturers, small business pools, wholesalers, retailers, service establishments and other small businesses (when financing is not otherwise available to them on reasonable terms), are to finance business construction, conversion, or expansion;
In addition, the SBA uses such criteria as number of employees and dollar volume of the business.
Contact
Minneapolis, Minn.;
and Small Business Pooling are available, on request, from Small Business Administration, Washington 25, D.C., and its regional offices.
Three distinct classes of loans are made available to farmers'cooperatives by the Banks for Cooperatives: Commodity loans, operating capital loans, and facility loans.
To encourage exploration for domestic sources of minerals, the Office of Minerals Exploration (OME) of the U.S. Department of the Interior offers financial assistance to firms and individuals who desire to explore their properties or claims for 1 or more of the 32 mineral commodities listed in the OME regulations.
if the Government certifies that production may be possible from the property, the royalty obligation continues for the 10-year period usually specified in the contract or until the Government's contribution is repaid with interest.
Neither growth nor a development program can be imposed on a country;
We must use common sense in applying conditions
Encouraging self-help
.
and regulatory policies aimed to attract the financial and managerial resources of foreign investment and to prevent excessive luxury consumption by a few.
Moreover, tolerance by us of such practices results in serious waste and diversion of aid resources and in the long run generates anti-American sentiment of a kind peculiarly damaging to our political interest.
Even in these cases we should promote self-help by making it clear that our supporting assistance is subject to reduction and ultimately to termination.
.
.
Thus, as a development program is being launched, commitments and obligations must be entered into in a given year which may exceed by twofold or threefold the expenditures to be made in that year.
The taking of these steps involves tough internal policy decisions.
You have heard him tell these young people that during his almost 50 years of service in the Congress he has seen the Kaisers and the Hitlers and the Mussolinis, the Tojos and Stalins and Khrushchevs, come and go and that we are passing on to them the freest Nation that mankind has ever known.
Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Massachusetts?
Many of these experiences are so important that they will be cherished forever by me.
May the Divine Speaker in Heaven bless this country with Sam Rayburn's continued service here for years to come.
What Sam Rayburn's life proves to us all is the magnificent lesson in political science that one can devotedly and with absolute dedication represent the seemingly provincial interests of one's own community, one's own district, one's own State, and by that help himself represent even better the sweep and scope of the problems of this the greatest nation of all time.
Sam Rayburn has never had to look back at any of his most devastating fights and ever feel ashamed of his conduct as a combatant under fire or his political manners in the heat of conflicting ambitions.
Of this I am proud.
No greater pleasure has come to me in my own service in this House than to be present today to participate in this tribute to this great Speaker, this great legislator, this great Texan, this great American.
Above all, he is a person to whom a fledgling Representative can go to discuss the personal and professional problems which inevitably confront a new Congressman.
Purchase of state vehicles is handled similarly to all state purchases.
(3)
Automobile practices in other states.
Actual mileage allowances are itemized reimbursements allowed employees for the use of personally-owned vehicles on state business at the rate of $.07 per mile.
However, they lend themselves to abuse and inadequate control measures.
Those that are available shed little light.
It does not indicate loose management, ineffective controls or poor policy.
In 1942, however, the nation was at war.
Whereas the maintenance rotary fund had in the past sustained losses considerably beyond expectations, the introduction of the cost-billing system plus other control refinements has resulted in keeping the fund on a proper working basis.
It handles all types of vehicle maintenance, but concentrates more on "service station activities" than on extensive vehicle repairs.
Present pool quarters at two locations in Providence are crowded, antiquated and, in general, make for inefficient operation in terms of dispersement of personnel and duplication of such operational needs as stock and repair equipment.
This is a normal governmental procedure which reflects more accurately cost-accounting principles.
Since that time the demands of the citizens for new and expanded services have placed financial burdens on the state which could not have been foreseen in earlier years.
These problems are not local to Rhode Island, but are recognized as common to all states.
The location of the latter now is determined for tax purposes at the time of registration, and it is now accepted practice to consider a motor vehicle as being situated where it is garaged.
This condition will undoubtedly continue until such time as a state uniform system of evaluation is established, or through mutual agreement of the local assessing officials for a method of standard assessment practice to be adopted.
There are legitimate reasons for differences of opinion among the assessors as a whole and among the public officials in each town.
Only four towns indicated that they made any more than a normal effort to list property of this kind.
Of those who have an opinion, it seems that assessment by location is preferred.
No satisfactory solution has been found, but this is due more to the difficulties inherent in the problem than to a lack of interest or diligence on the part of the assessors.
Fifty-two companies started or committed themselves to new plant construction, totaling 1,418,000 square feet and representing an investment of $11,900,000;
Although much of the Industrial Division's promotional effort is devoted to securing new locations and expansions by major industries, small business is also afforded considerable attention.
This office cooperates with the U. S. Department of Commerce in giving statewide coverage to services which include: statistics on markets abroad;
Magazine advertising included Management Methods, The New Englander, U. S. Investor, and Plant Location.
These consist of visits, without previous announcement, on top officials of manufacturing concerns located in highly industrialized areas.
A comprehensive program devoted to the various phases of the development effort attracted 143 interested individuals.
The Industrial Division published, in 1960, a new, attractive industrial brochure, "Rhode Island -- Right For Industry", and prepared copy for a new edition of the Directory Of Manufacturers (to be printed shortly), and for a new space catalogue.
(2)
(5)
The long-range aspects of this program are divided into four distinct phases: basic mapping, inventory, analysis and plan and policy formation.
Since the validity of all subsequent planning depends on the accuracy of the basic inventory information, great care is being taken that the inventory is as complete as possible.
These forty-seven special purpose governments have the authority to levy taxes, to borrow money, own property, sue and be sued, and in general to exercise normal corporate powers.
2.
Mississippi closes its fiscal year on June 30, while all of its cities close their fiscal years on September 30.
The uniform fiscal year requires compliance with common sense administration of local finances: adoption of the budget, or financial plan, in advance of spending.
5.
It may be by bank loans, sale of notes or warrants, or by the somewhat casual method of issuance and registration of warrants.
The haphazard fiscal year calendar is an obstacle to the planning of clear and efficient state-local revenue and expenditure relationships.
The other problem is the matter of financing the transition period in the several cities and towns.
Second, the shift to a uniform July 1 to June 30 fiscal year will, of itself, improve the tax collection calendars of the great majority of cities and towns.
No adjustment needed.
Simultaneous adjustments.
Under this plan both Cranston and Providence would be on the uniform fiscal year but would still be using the same installment periods.
In other municipalities the difficulties in overcoming the financial burden have been sufficiently great to dishearten proponents of fiscal year changes.
The theme of Rhode Island Heritage Week for 1961 will be "Independence and Union".
National defense, like the continuing search for peace with freedom and justice for all, is "everybody's business".
National Maritime Day proclamation by John A. Notte, Jr., Governor
Miss Rhode Island Pageant Week proclamation by John A. Notte, Jr., Governor
Governor
The State Ballet of Rhode Island Week proclamation by John A. Notte, Jr., Governor
In testimony whereof, I have hereunto set my hand and caused the seal of the State to be affixed this 23d day of October, in the year of Our Lord, one thousand nine hundred and sixty-one, and of Independence, the one hundred and eighty-sixth.
The Lord has shown time and time again His love for us.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, That the Act of July 3, 1952 (66 Stat. 328) as amended (42 U.S.C. 1952-1958), is further amended to read as follows: Section 1.
(D)
make research and training grants;
cause on-site inspections to be made of promising projects, domestic and foreign, and, in the case of projects located in the United States, cooperate and participate in their development in instances in which the purposes of this Act will be served thereby;
The fullest cooperation by and with Atomic Energy Commission, the Department of Health, Education, and Welfare, the Department of State, and other concerned agencies shall also be carried out in the interest of achieving the objectives of this Act.
Sec. 6.
42 U. S. C. 1958 ()), is hereby amended to read:
the relative contribution to safety of inspection programs embodying -- (A)
(A)
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, That the Secretary of the Interior is hereby authorized and directed to establish and maintain a program of stabilization payments to small domestic producers of lead and zinc ores and concentrates in order to stabilize the mining of lead and zinc by small domestic producers on public, Indian, and other lands as provided in this Act.
The maximum amount of payments which may be made pursuant to this Act on account of sales of newly mined ores or concentrates produced therefrom made during the calendar year 1962 shall not exceed $4,500,000;
During fiscal year 1960, seven courses were conducted: Application of Histochemistry to Pathology, Forensic Pathology, Pathology of Diseases of Laboratory Animals, Pathology of the Oral Regions, Ophthalmic Pathology, Forensic Sciences Symposium, and Orthopedic Pathology.
metabolic responses to reduced oxygen tension;
morphological study and classification of leukemia and lymphoma cases in animals;
Twenty-nine exhibits received awards.
and Emergency War Surgery in support of the North Atlantic Treaty Organization (NATO) Handbook.
The American Registry Of Pathology
Nine new teaching Clinico-pathologic Conference sets were prepared, which makes a total of 70 types of teaching sets for loan.
An exhibit, "Macropathology -- An Ancient Art, A New Science", was presented at the annual meeting of the American Medical Association.
Armed Forces Medical Publication Agency
Beginning with the October 1959 issue of the Journal, the method of production of copy for photo-offset reproduction was changed from varityping to hot typesetting.
The first report in this continuing series appeared in the September 1960 issue of the Journal.
This is used as a reference for comparing the ohmic heating and the electrical energy obtained from the measured current through the element and the measured voltage across the element.
Besides the well-known hydrogen line at 21 cm wavelength, the spectra of extraterrestrial radio sources may contain sharp lines characteristic of other atoms, ions, and small molecules.
This involves the application of a strong magnetic field to the radical vapor, which shifts the low-frequency spectra to a conveniently high microwave range, where they may be measured with optimum sensitivity.
Acoustical interferometer.
and for the third resistor, 3.3 millidegrees.
Pressure transducer for pvt measurements.
A significant effect discovered during the study is the existence of Prandtl numbers reaching values of more than unity in the nitrogen dissociation region.
The Symposium, which was jointly sponsored by the American Institute of Physics, the Instrument Society of America, and the National Bureau of Standards, attracted nearly one thousand registrants, including many from abroad.
Under the sponsorship of the Office of Naval Research and the Advanced Research Projects Agency, a data center was established to gather and index all published information on atomic transition probabilities.
Research continues on the very complex spectra of the rare earth elements.
Whoever, in the United States or elsewhere, pays or offers to pay, or promises to pay, or receives on account of services rendered or to be rendered in connection with any such claim, compensation which, when added to any amount previously paid on account of such services, will exceed the amount of fees so determined by the Commission, shall be guilty of a misdemeanor, and, upon conviction thereof, shall be fined not more than $5,000 or imprisoned not more than twelve months, or both, and if any such payment shall have been made or granted, the Commission shall take such action as may be necessary to recover the same, and, in addition thereto, any such person shall forfeit all rights under this Title.
The Commission may in its discretion enter an award with respect to one or more items deemed to have been clearly established in an individual claim while deferring consideration and action on other items of the same claim.
(A)
in the case of a partnership or corporation, the existence of which has been terminated and on behalf of which an award is made, payment shall be made, except as provided in paragraphs (3) and (4), to the person or persons found by the Comptroller General of the United States to be entitled thereto;
Any person who makes application for any such payment shall be held to have consented to all the provisions of this Title.
The Secretary of the Treasury is authorized and directed to cover into -- (1)
to make additional payment of not to exceed 25 per centum of the unpaid principal of awards in the principal amount of more than $1,000;
There is hereby authorized to be appropriated, out of any money in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated, such sums as may be necessary to enable the Commission to carry out its functions under this Title.
Here the New York Central Railroad, one of the Nation's most important carriers, has alone lost 47.6 percent of its passengers since 1949.
A blow to this phase of the Central's operations would have serious economic consequences not only to the railroad itself, but to the 40,000 people per day who are provided with efficient, reasonably priced transportation in and out of the city.
The Interstate Commerce Commission will commence its deliberations on the proposed C. & O. - B. & O. merger on June 18.
I am pleased to note that Mr. Sulzberger will continue to serve as chairman of the board of the New York Times.
Yesterday, I had the privilege of reading a thoughtful article in the U.S. News & World Report of May 8 which discussed this type of action in more detail, including both its advantages and its disadvantages.
But it took the pictures of the Migs and the T-34 tanks to do the job.
(from U.s. News & World Report, May 8, 1961)
Another strategy -- bolder and tougher -- was also attracting notice in Washington: a naval and air blockade to cut Cuba off from the world, destroy Castro.
More than 36 other big Navy ships are no less than a day's sailing time away.
They could be sent to U.S. ports for rulings whether cargo should be confiscated.
The authority for the program was renewed several times until the vocational rehabilitation program was made permanent as Title 5, of the Social Security Act in 1935.
Throughout these years, the statutory authorization was for such sums as were necessary to carry out the provisions of the Act.
The Act further provides for a "floor" or minimum allotment, set at the 1954 level, which is called the "base" allotment, and a "ceiling" or maximum allotment, for each State.
(See Source of Data, below for per capita income data to be used in this step.
Determine the particular State's "allotment percentage".
Determine each State's population.
(Divide the amount being allotted by the result obtained in item 9 above.
14.
Prior to and since 1960 the rest of the support allotment is matched at rates related to the fiscal capacity of the State, with a pivot of 40% State (or 60% Federal) participation in total program costs.
the term "United States" includes the several States and the District of Columbia and excludes the Virgin Islands, Guam and Puerto Rico, and, prior to 1962, Alaska and Hawaii.
) 4.
If the resulting difference for the particular State is less or more than these extremes, the State's Federal share must be raised or lowered to the appropriate extreme.
The roof blocks are in two layers and are not mortared together.
Bricks are an alternative.
This shelter could be built in regions where water or rock is close to the surface, making it impractical to build an underground shelter.
Pre-shaped metal shelter
The Structural Clay Products Institute, Washington, D.C., is working to develop brick and clay products suitable for shelter construction.
Important considerations common to each type of shelter are: 1.
Some will go around a corner.
It probably will be necessary to install an outside antenna, particularly to receive CONELRAD broadcasts.
Basement walls that project above the ground should be shielded as shown in the Appendix, page 29.
A battery-powered radio is essential.
A checklist in the Appendix ((page 30) tells what is needed.
Blowers should be operated periodically on a regular schedule.
Water rationing will be difficult and should be planned carefully.
If an attack finds you without a prepared shelter
Large apartment buildings of masonry or concrete provide better natural shelter than the usual family dwellings.
The Fisher Body division, long controlled by the Fisher brothers under a voting trust even though General Motors owned a majority of its stock, followed an independent course for many years, but by 1947 and 1948 "resistance had collapsed" and its purchases from Du Pont "compared favorably" with purchases by other General Motors divisions.
The latter provisions proscribe any contract, combination, or conspiracy in restraint of interstate or foreign trade, and monopolization of, or attempts, combinations, or conspiracies to monopolize, such trade.
Thus, a finding of conspiracy to restrain trade or attempt to monopolize was excluded from the Court's decision.
On the basis of the findings which led to this conclusion, the Court remanded the case to the District Court to determine the appropriate relief.
At the outset, the Government's spokesman explained that counsel for the Government and for Du Pont had already held preliminary discussions with a view to arriving at a relief plan that both sides could recommend to the court.
Christiana Securities Company and Delaware Realty & Investment Company, major stockholders in Du Pont, and the stockholders of Delaware were dealt with specially by provisions requiring the annual sale by a trustee, again over a ten-year period, of Du Pont's General Motors stock allocable to them, as well as any General Motors stock which Christiana and Delaware owned outright.
In the case of taxpaying corporate stockholders, the measure would be the lesser of the fair market value of the shares or Du Pont's tax basis for them, which is approximately $2.09 per share.
that the tremendous volume of General Motors stock hanging over the market for ten years would hamper the efforts of General Motors and other automobile manufacturers to raise equity capital;
One of these is the solidarity and the confidential relationship of marriage.
Pp. 60-66.
Haydn C. Covington argued the cause and filed a brief for petitioner.
269 F. 2d 613.
that he was "devoting an average of 100 hours a month to actual preaching publicly", in addition to 50 to 75 hours in other ministerial duties, and that he opposed war in any form.
Its ground for this recommendation was that, while petitioner claimed before the local board August 17, 1956 (as evidenced by its memorandum in his file of that date), that he was devoting 100 hours per month to actual preaching, the headquarters of the Jehovah's Witnesses reported that he was no longer doing so and, on the contrary, had relinquished both his Pioneer and Bible Student Servant positions.
This he failed to do, asserting that he did not know it to be in his file.
Estep v. United States, 327 U.S. 114".
While the regulations formerly required that the hearing officer's report be placed in the registrant's file, this requirement was eliminated in 1952.
While there are now allegations of the withholding of "favorable evidence developed at the hearing" and a denial of a "full and fair hearing", no such claim was made by petitioner at any stage of the administrative process.
Even if we were not bound by Nugent, petitioner here would not be entitled to the report.
We can no longer rely on interdepartmental machinery "somewhere upstairs" to resolve differences between this and other departments.
What I am suggesting is that when we delay, or when we fail to act, we do so intentionally and not through inadvertence or through bureaucratic or procedural difficulties.
Dozens of seemingly small matters go wrong all over the world.
I tried to do so by calling to their attention some of the problems that a senior departmental policy officer faces.
He knows that he must give the expert his place, but he knows that he must also keep him in it.
Who should be consulted among his colleagues in the Department or other departments and agencies of the Government?
For, if so, the path leads through a complex process of parliamentary diplomacy which adds still another dimension to the problem.
This is an important consideration.
In most cases service in the Corps will probably be considered a ground for temporary deferment.
Perhaps existing Public Health Service, State Department and Armed Services medical facilities can be utilized.
Meanwhile, the Peace Corps could be physically located in ICA's facilities and depend on the State Department and ICA for administrative support and, when needed, program assistance.
9.
Unfriendly political groups will no doubt do everything in their power to promote active hostility.
11.
12.
The letters home, the talks later given by returning members of the Peace Corps, the influence on the lives of those who spend two or three years in hard work abroad -- all this may combine to provide a substantial popular base for responsible American policies toward the world.
Its initial expenses will be paid from appropriations currently available for our foreign aid program.
In 1960 one-quarter of the 92.5 million recreation visits to the National Forests and Grasslands were for the primary purpose of hunting and fishing.
4.
These destructive forces also have a seriously adverse effect upon the watersheds and their life-supporting waterflows, and upon the other renewable forest resources.
(C) quicker and more effective control action in the initial stages to prevent a large-scale epidemic.
It is proposed that in 10 years all commercial timberlands, all critical watersheds, and other lands in the National Forest System developed or proposed for intensive use will be given protection from fire adequate to meet the fire situation in the worst years and under serious peak loads.
Reduction of hazardous fuel conditions to minimize the chances of large fires developing and spreading to high-value areas.
Both of these systems are essential for the production, development, and use of the National Forests.
It will be carefully planned to maintain optimum service to these important resources and watersheds.
the protection of watershed lands from erosion and overgrazing by animals.
Complete the construction and reconstruction of about 79,400 miles of multiple-purpose roads and 8,000 miles of trails.
One consequence is the occurrence of occasional conflicts because private owners of some inholdings object to public programs of use on neighboring National Forest or other Federal land, or because such ownerships are developed for uses that are not compatible with use for the public of neighboring National Forest land.
-- This budget will provide in the fiscal year 1961 for the continued support of our forces at approximately the present level -- a year-end strength of 2,489,000 men and women in the active forces.
Similar restrictions on the strength of the Army National Guard contained in the 1960 Department of Defense Appropriation Act should likewise be dropped.
The 1958 military pay act departed from this established formula by providing for a 6% increase rather than a proportionate increase for everyone retired prior to its effective date of June 1, 1958.
In the budget message for 1959, and again for 1960, I recommended immediate repeal of section 601 of the Act of September 28, 1951 (65 Stat. 365).
The decreases, which are largely in construction and in aircraft procurement, are offset in part by increases for research and development and for procurement of other military equipment such as tanks, vehicles, guns, and electronic devices.
Some weapons systems have become obsolescent while still in production, and some while still under development.
Notable in this category are the Jupiter and Thor intermediate range ballistic missiles, which have been successfully developed, produced, and deployed, but the relative importance of which has diminished with the increasing availability of the Atlas intercontinental ballistic missile.
The second capability is represented by our deployed ground, naval, and air forces in essential forward areas, together with ready reserves capable of effecting early emergency reinforcement.
By that time we should be in a much better position to determine the value of that aircraft as a weapon system.
At that time consideration will be given to whether in the light of the United States supplies of rice available for Title 1, disposal, India's production, consumption and stocks of food grains, other imports from the United States and countries friendly to the United States, India's storage capacity, and other related factors, any increase would be possible in the portion of the total rice programmed which is currently planned for procurement during the first year.
(C)
The Government of India agrees that it will take all possible measures to prevent the resale or transshipment to other countries or the use for other than domestic purposes (except where such resale, transshipment or use is specifically approved by the Government of the United States of America), of the surplus agricultural commodities purchased pursuant to the provisions of this Agreement, and to assure that the purchase of such commodities does not result in increased availability of these or like commodities for export from India.
The agreement shall enter into force upon signature.
This facility is needed for the purpose of securing funds to finance agricultural market development activities of the Government of the United States in other countries.
(C)
With respect to Article 2, paragraphs 1 (B) and 1 (C): Uses of Section 104 (E) and Section 104 (G) rupees: The Government of India will use the amount of rupees granted or loaned to it by the United States pursuant to paragraphs 1 (B) and 1 (C) for projects to promote economic development with emphasis upon the agricultural sector including food reserve storage structures and facilities as may from time to time be agreed upon by the authorized representatives of the United States and the authorized representatives of the Government of India, in the following sectors: A.
It is agreed that any goods delivered or services rendered after the date of this agreement for projects within categories A, B, and C under paragraph 2 above which may later be approved by the United States will be eligible for financing from currency granted or loaned to the Government of India.
3.
The 20-to-1 ratio for cochannel interference embodies one of the fundamental limiting principles which we must always take into account in AM assignments and allocations -- that signals from a particular station are potential sources of objectionable interference over an area much greater than that within which they provide useful service.
during the same period around sunrise, skywave transmission is declining, until at about 2 hours after sunrise it reaches a point where it becomes of little practical significance.
Allocation policies
Since broadcast frequencies are very limited in number, these objectives are to some extent inconsistent in that not all of them can be fully realized, and to the extent that each is realized, there is a corresponding reduction of the possibilities for fullest achievement of the others.
7.
Such additional daytime class 2, assignments are appropriate if optimum use is to be made of these frequencies, and the Commission has over the years made a large number of them.
See You May Claim A Refund, Page 135.
Declaration of estimated tax.
If you are a nonresident alien and a resident of Puerto Rico, your return is also due June 15, 1962, or the 15th day of the 6th month after the close of your fiscal year.
You may apply for such an extension by filing Form 2688, Application For Extension Of Time To File, with the District Director of Internal Revenue for your district, or you may make your application in a letter.
Alaska and Hawaii.
If you file Form 1040A and the District Director computes your tax, you will be sent a bill if additional tax is due.
If you file a Form 1040, you should indicate in the place provided that there is an overpayment of tax and the amount you want refunded and the amount you want credited against your estimated tax.
Some deductions are subtracted from Gross Income to determine Adjusted Gross Income.
Outside salesmen deduct all expenses attributable to earning a salary, commission, or other compensation.
If your sick pay is not included in your Gross Income, you may not deduct it.
) other deductions.
A minor child is allowed A personal exemption of $600 on his own return regardless of how much money he may earn.
A minor who has gross income of less than $600 is entitled to a refund if income tax was withheld from his wages.
The central group of the Foundation's advisors are, at any one period of time, the members of our Advisory Board, consisting, now, of thirty-six men and women.
We are, as we know, utterly dependent on the quality of advice we get;
He is a member both of the National Academy of Sciences and of the American Philosophical Society;
The present Secretary General has been the Foundation's principal administrative officer continuously since the Foundation's establishment thirty-five years ago.
Shakespeare speaking with "the indescribable gusto of the Elizabethan voice" --;
The solutions were not arrived at by any theoreticians of the Karl Marx stripe but by men of government -- lawyers, most of them -- and men of business.
Sir Henry Sumner Maine, a hundred years before Communism was a force to be reckoned with, wrote his brilliant legal generalization, that "the progress of society is from status to contract".
in 1960, we granted 334.
He was early exposed to the mechanical world, and in his youth often helped his father, David Brown, master clock and watchmaker, as he plied his trade.
It must have been with some pleasure and relief that on September 12, 1848, Joseph Brown made the momentous entry in his job book, in his characteristically cryptic style, "Lucian Sharpe came to work for me this day as an apprentice".
In 1858, the partnership began manufacturing the Willcox & Gibbs sewing machine.
This process neither satisfied the urgent production schedules nor Mr. Brown's imagination of the possibilities in the situation.
So it was that when Mr. Brown and Mr. Sharpe first saw the French tool on exhibition in Paris in 1868, they brought a sample with them to the United States and started Brown & Sharpe in yet another field where it retains its leadership to this day.
Perhaps the outstanding standard bearer of Mr. Brown's tradition for accuracy was Mr. Oscar J. Beale, whose mechanical genius closely paralleled that of Mr. Brown, and whose particular forte was the development of the exceedingly accurate measuring machinery that enabled Brown & Sharpe to manufacture gages, and therefore its products, with an accuracy exceeding anything then available elsewhere in the world.
In the grinding machine field, expansion went far from universal grinders alone and took in cylindrical grinders, surface grinders, and a wide variety of special and semi-special models.
This increase was sufficient to overcome the effect on net income of higher costs of manufacture and increased expenditures on research and development.
This program is based on the policy of designing and building efficient machines which will help produce better textile values -- fabrics whose cost in relation to quality, fashion and utility provide the consumer with better textile products for the money.
Fashion centers are now predicting broad acceptance of sports apparel and improved "wash and wear" dresses and blouses made from these fabrics.
This work is progressing on schedule and we expect to make initial shipments in the fourth quarter of this year.
A new spinning take-up machine has been developed to facilitate the use of our take-up machine in the production of thermoplastic yarns.
The cooperation of our exclusive American licensee, Pratt & Whitney Aircraft Division of United Aircraft Corporation, has been important in this work.
The rapid advance in science today suggests many other avenues of investigation.
A major consideration in the choice of the Warwick site, four miles from Cranston, was the fact that it permits retention of our present trained and highly skilled work force.
It will be transfered on completion to The Industrial Foundation of Rhode Island, a non-profit organization, which will reimburse us for the cost of construction.
In accordance with the two-year contract signed in May, 1959, with the International Association of Machinists, AFL-CIO, wages of hourly employees were increased by 4% in May, 1960, and pay levels for non-exempt salaried employees were increased proportionately.
In textiles, as elsewhere, a major part of the solution lies in greater efficiency and higher productivity.
Extensive facilities for group performance are provided by maintaining, under skilled direction, the Choir, the Orchestra, the Band, the Glee Club, and smaller ensembles of wind and string players.
Courses are offered in ethics, the philosophy and history of religion, Christian thought and history, and the Bible.
Each semester every student must attend ten of the services or religious meetings.
Theater
A student organization, Bottega, is open to any student interested in increasing his understanding and appreciation of the graphic and ceramic arts in their historical, technical, and productive contexts.
The preservation of desirable balance between the athletic and academic programs of the College 3.
The purpose of the Club is to promote better athletic teams at Carleton and to increase interest in them among the student body.
Membership is open to any woman student in the College.
College publications
These publications may be secured as follows: The Annual Catalog from the Director of Admissions and other issues from the Publications Office.
The Algol, the college annual, is published in the fall of each year.
KARL provides experience for students who wish to pursue careers in radio.
Factory stocks in recent months have been the highest they have been in three years, while those at retail are below 1959.
Both home and auto radios were in excellent demand, with retail sales of home sets ahead of 1959 in every month of the first eleven;
It is interesting to note that the present level of military electronics procurement is greater than the industry's total sales to all markets in 1950-1953, which were good years for our industry with television enjoying its initial period of rapid consumer acceptance.
Industrial electronic equipment
The markets for electronic parts in 1960 have reflected the changing patterns of the various end equipment segments of the industry.
The appointment of Gilbert B. Devey as General Manager of VecTrol Engineering, Inc., of Stamford, Connecticut, a leading manufacturer of thyratron and silicon controlled rectifier electrical controls, has been announced by David B. Peck, Vice President, Special Products.
chief engineer of the radio set division of Electric and Musical Industries, Ltd., the largest electronic equipment manufacturer in Great Britain;
Since faculty see themselves as self-employed professionals rather than as employees, enthusiasm in a common enterprise is proportionate to the sense of ownership they have in it by virtue of sharing in the decisions that govern its course.
There are, nevertheless, several things that the president can do to stimulate participation and to enhance the prestige of those who are willing to exercise their privilege.
To increase faculty influence and decrease tension, many presidents have established a standing advisory committee with which they can discuss problems frankly.
One way that this can be done, other than by hiring new high-priced professors, is by constantly encouraging the department members to raise their standards of performance.
Some faculty members and many administrators oppose faculty review groups because they either repeat department's actions or act pro forma.
In particular, the president may have to summon all his oratorical powers to persuade department members to accept an outstanding man above the normal salary scale.
Physical plant and equipment can be efficiently developed.
Funds may be readily donated for some purposes but not others.
He cannot, of course, examine each proposal from scratch.
Higher education cannot compete with the salary scales of the business world, but an educational institution can offer many potent intangible attractions to members of the business community that will offset the differences in income.
The results of present observations of the thermal radio emission of the moon are consistent with the very low thermal conductivity of the surface layer which was derived from the variation in the infrared emission during eclipses (e.g., Garstung, 1958).
No attempts to measure the radio emission of the remaining planets have been reported, and, because of their distances, small diameters, or low temperatures, the thermal radiation at radio wave lengths reaching the earth from these sources is expected to be of very low intensity.
The radio emission of a planet was first detected in 1955, when Burke and Franklin (1955) identified the origin of interference-like radio noise on their records at about 15 meters wave length as emission from Jupiter.
The measurements made with the NRL 50-foot reflector, which is altitude-azimuth-mounted, would have shown a systematic change with local hour angle in the measured intensities of Venus and Jupiter if a substantial part of the radiation had been linearly polarized.
Therefore, neglecting the extreme outbursts, reflected solar radiation is not expected to cause sizable errors in the measurements of planetary radiation in the centimeter- and decimeter-wave-length range.
Mare Imbrium seems to be an exception and remains cooler than the regions which surround it.
The measured brightness temperature is a good approximation to the brightness temperature at the center of the lunar disk because of the narrow antenna beam and because the temperature distribution over the central portion of the moon's disk is nearly uniform.
Thus, the energy transferred from the arc to the anode was partly fed back into the arc.
In plasma generators as currently commercially available for industrial use or as high temperature research tools often more than 50% of the total energy input is being transferred to the cooling medium of the anode.
The pressure gradient producing the jet is due to the nature of the magnetic field in the arc (rapid decrease of current density from cathode to the anode).
3.
The experimental arrangement as described below is based on the geometry of free burning arcs.
The anode consisted of a 1/2 inch diameter porous graphite plug, 1/4 inch long.
Another anode holder used in the experiments is shown in figure 3.
Because of the falling characteristic of the rectifier, no ballast resistor was required for stability of operation.
The upper limit was determined by the difficulty of measuring the characteristic anode surface temperature (see below) since only a small region of the anode was struck by the arc.
The mean temperature of the surface was then computed according to the following relation: Af where x is the fraction of the plug area covered by the hot spot.
This temperature was taken as environmental temperature to which the anode holder was exposed as far as radiation is concerned.
It consists of two blocks with flat surfaces held apart by shims.
The face of one block contained a hole 1/16" in diameter which led to a manometer for the measurement of the normal pressure.
These are fluids which one would expect to be less viscoelastic or more Newtonian because of their lower molecular weight.
The actual change Af caused by a shear field is calculated by multiplying the pressure differential times the volume, just as it is for any gravitational or osmotic pressure head.
This method can be extended to include the concentration differences caused by shear fields.
From this and the force of deformation it should be possible to calculate the elastic energy of deformation which should be equal to the Af calculated from the pressure normal to the shearing face.
(B) That because of the low viscosity of the fluid, the internal pressure is the same in all directions.
Measurements on the photograph in this paper give Af at the maximum rate of shear of Af.
This conformational entropy is, in this case, equal to the usual entropy, for there are no other changes or other energies involved.
Hence, the electron paramagnetic effects (slope) can be separated from the nuclear effects (intercept).
The information provided by the electron paramagnetic effects is then discussed, and finally the nuclear effects are interpreted in terms of various motional-modified models of the Af bond in Af.
He finds the structure contains an Af bond with the Af distance of Af.
The O atoms in each sheet are close packed and each Cr atom is surrounded by a distorted octahedron of O atoms.
The only effect of lack of a center would then be to release the hydrogen atoms to occupy general, rather than special, positions along the (111) axis.
Dr. Douglass was kind enough to lend us about 5 grams of his material.
The expected weight loss for Af going to Af and Af is 10.6%.
For exactly three unpaired electrons the coefficient would be 3.10.
The rf power level was maintained small enough at all times to prevent obvious line shape distortions by saturation effects.
Second moments of the spectra were computed by numerical integration.
1.
In the household market, there are also low-sudsing detergent formulations based on nonionic actives with about the same amount of phosphate builder;
Cleaning or detergent action is entirely a matter of surfaces.
This is best demonstrated by practical washing tests in which cloth articles are repeatedly washed with the same detergent formulation.
Large numbers of potential builders have been investigated, but none have been found to be as effective as the polyphosphates over the relatively wide range of conditions met in practice.
Dirt, which is here defined as particulate material which is usually inorganic and is very often extremely finely divided so as to exhibit colloidal properties.
Obviously, if colloidal particles bear charges of opposite sign or, if one kind is charged and the other kind is not, the attraction will be intensified and the tendency to agglomerate will be greatly reinforced.
The detergent active is that substance which primarily acts to remove greasy soils.
Related to micelle formation is the technologically important ability of detergent actives to congregate at oil - water interfaces in such a manner that the polar (or ionized) end of the molecule is directed towards the aqueous phase and the hydrocarbon chain towards the oily phase.
The negatively charged dirt particles then leave the surface and go into the aqueous phase.
and, indeed, there is no more reason to separate the interrelated roles of the active, builder, antiredeposition agent, etc. than there is to assign individual actions to each of the numerous isomers making up a given commercial organic active.
The reaction of chlorine with carbon tetrachloride seemed particularly suited for such studies.
It was then distilled at least three times from a trap at -78-degrees to a liquid air trap with only a small middle fraction being retained in each distillation.
This chlorine-carbon tetrachloride solution was illuminated for a day following which the flask was resealed onto a vacuum system and the excess chlorine distilled off.
The photochemical reaction cells consisted of 10 mm. i.d. Pyrex tubing, 5.5 cm. long, diffraction effects being minimized by the fact that the light passed through only liquid-glass interfaces and not gas-glass interfaces.
In the liquid phase runs the amount of carbon tetrachloride in each reaction tube was determined by weighing the tube before opening and weighing the fragments after emptying.
The reaction rates observed at 200-degrees ranged from Af of the chlorine exchanged per hour to 0.7 exchanged per hour.
By comparing reaction cells sealed from the same manifold temperature dependency corresponding to activation energies ranging from 11 to 18 Af was observed while dependence on the first power of the light intensity seemed to be indicated in most cases.
The last column shows the rate of exchange that would have been observed at a relative intensity of 4 (14.7 cm. distance) calculated on the assumptions that the incident light intensity is inversely proportional to the square of the distance of the lamp from the cell and that the rate is directly proportional to the incident light intensity.
If such is the case, the particles within a distance of about Af of the Earth will have, relative to the Earth, a kinetic energy less than their potential energy and they will be captured into orbits about the Earth.
Even in the neighborhood of the Earth, where information has been obtained both directly and indirectly, the derived flux values vary by at least four orders of magnitude.
The data provide a measure of the total mass of cosmic material incident upon the Earth.
One may conclude that most of the detected micrometeoritic material is concentrated in orbital streams which intersect the Earth's orbit.
If one assumes that the average flux did not change between measurements, a mass-distribution curve is obtained which relates the flux of particles larger than a given radius to the inverse 7/2 power of the radius.
This "ejection" momentum is linearly related to the particle energy.
The diurnal variation in the observed flux may be partly due to the dependence of the detector sensitivity on the incident velocity.
The unshielded flux is given in the last column;
Therefore, N is inversely proportional to the radius cubed and in fair agreement with the inverse 7/2 power derived from 1958 Alpha and 1959 Eta data.
Most meteoritic material, by the time it reaches the Earth's surface, has been reduced to dust or to spherules of ablated material in its passage through the atmosphere.
The incubation period of infectious disease, plus a variable period of illness even before a lethal effect, render this weapon unsuitable for hand-to-hand encounter.
The importance of particle size in such aerosols has been thoroughly demonstrated.
It will rise during lapse conditions.
Zinc cadmium sulfide in particles of 2 microns in size were disseminated.
In this test, 130 gallons of a suspension, having a count of Af organisms per ml, or a total of approximately Af spores, was aerosolized.
This suggests that the sampling period, particularly at the more distant locations, should have been increased.
Botulinal toxin, for example, is several thousand-fold more toxic by this route than when given per os.
A solid immunity is the one effective circumstance whereby attack by a specific agent can be neutralized.
The question of epidemic disease merits some discussion.
No epidemic was initiated nor was one expected because the population in City A was not lousy.
Biological agents are, moreover, suitable for delivery through enemy sabotage which imposes many problems in defense.
Abelson and Rawson, using a stepwise elution scheme, fractionated whole sera containing ABO and Rh antibodies on diethylaminoethyl DEAE cellulose and carboxymethyl cellulose.
The third, containing the mixed type of complete and incomplete antibodies, had titers of 1: 256 in saline, 1: 512 in albumin and 1: 1024 by the indirect Coombs test.
The tubes were then centrifuged at 1000 rpm for 1 min and examined macroscopically for agglutination.
Those antisera shown by immunoelectrophoresis to be of the "broad spectrum" type were selected for use in the present study.
The small amount of insoluble material which precipitated during dialysis was suspended in approximately 5 ml of starting buffer, centrifuged, resuspended in 2.5 ml of isotonic saline and tested for antibody activity.
For protein identification, fractions from the column were concentrated by pervaporation against a stream of air at 5-degrees-C or by negative pressure dialysis in an apparatus which permitted simultaneous concentration of the protein and dialysis against isotonic saline.
Fractions from the column which were to be subjected to analytical ultracentrifugation were concentrated by negative pressure dialysis and dialyzed for 16 hr in the cold against at least 500 volumes of phosphate-buffered saline, pH 7.2, ionic strength 0.154.
These have been labeled Regions 1, 2, and 4, respectively, in Fig. 1.
These fractions were tested for ABO agglutinin activity, using fractions from group AB plasma as a control.
The insoluble material resulting from dialysis against starting buffer always showed strong activity.
The survivors emerge on some nice, sunny day in March or April, when the temperature is close to 50-degrees and there is not too much wind.
The only exception to this is certain bees that have become parasites.
some show a definite liking for making their nest in moss.
After another two weeks, the first young emerge, four to eight small daughters that begin to play the role of worker bees, collecting pollen and nectar in the field and caring for the new young generation while the queen retires to a life of egg laying.
As a result, the proportion of males (which leave the nest) increases, and eventually the old colony will die out completely.
Thus, the larvae of the intruder can develop at the expense of the rightful inhabitants and the store of beebread.
The males are much duller.
Its life history is much simpler than that of the truly colonial bumblebees and can serve as an example of the life cycle of many other species.
The life history of the alkali bee is similar to that of Andrena, but the first activity of the adults does not take place until summer, and the individuals hibernate in the prepupal stage.
The best chance, of course, is offered by gently sloping terrain where the water remains close to the surface and where the air is dry, so that a high evaporation leaves salty deposits which permit only sparse plant growth.
Data on the former are scanty, but there can be little doubt that the latter is sometimes born at a length greater than that of any of the others, thereby lending support to the belief that the anaconda does, indeed, attain the greatest length.
at best the annual increase appears to be a matter of inches rather than feet.
These three were much alike: lined snake (Tropidoclonion), one year and nine months;
every snake hide is noticeably longer than its carcass and intentional stretching presents no difficulty to the unscrupulous explorer.
The argument against this last approach is comparable to that which rejects stories about hoop snakes, about snakes that break themselves into many pieces and join up again, or even of ghosts that chase people out of graveyards;
time required to reach maturity;
R. R. Mole and F. W. Urich give approximately 20 inches as the average length of a brood of thirty from the region of the Orinoco estuaries.
Thus, his estimate lies between Oliver's suggestion of at least 37 feet and the 50-foot "monstrous freaks" intimated by Heuvelmans.
When some thirteen records of newly and recently born individuals are collated, little or no correlation between length and distribution can be detected.
What data there are on growth indicate considerable variation in rate;
Lung type 3 ((fig. 3) is to some degree a composite of types 1, and 2.
As seen in types 1, and 2, it supplies the hilar lymph nodes, vasa vasorum to the pulmonary artery and vein, the bronchi and the terminal bronchioles.
This vessel could be followed to the parenchyma where it directly provided bronchial arterial blood to the alveolar capillary bed (figs. 17, 18).
Also, interlobular air drifts may be all but nonexistent in the cow;
As early as 1858, Le Fort claimed an alveolar distribution of the bronchial arteries in human beings.
Therefore, an explanation of this alveolar bronchial artery supply might be the nutritive requirement of an increased amount of supportive tissue, not primarily diffusing in nature, in the region of the alveolus.
It is distinctly possible, therefore, that simultaneous pressures in all three vessels would have rendered the shunts inoperable and hence, uninjectable.
It is, however, highly suggestive and agrees well with our own findings in which we also failed to demonstrate normally occurring bronchial artery-pulmonary artery shunts in certain species, especially the dog.
type 2, by the dog, cat, and monkey;
True terminal bronchioles comprise the most frequent form taken by the distal airways in types 1 and 3, although small numbers of poorly developed respiratory bronchioles are present.
Although the standard deviation values on which spread of the lines is based are relatively larger for those centers which begin to ossify early (Table 1), there are considerable differences in this value between centers having the closely timed Onsets.
To summarize the purpose of the Skeletal Maturity Chart: each contains two kinds of skeletal maturity norms which show two quite different methods of depicting developmental level of growth centers.
It may be assumed that differences in ratings due to selection of growth centers from specific regions of the body will be small, according to existing tables of onset age and completion age for centers throughout the body.
The numbering system used in Tables 1 and 2 and Figures 1 and 2 was continued for the 21 growth centers.
For the boy, this epiphysis was markedly delayed at Onset but near the mean at Completion.
One growth center in a short bone -- distal phalanx of the second finger -- was chosen as an example for discussion here, primarily because epiphyseal-diaphyseal fusion, the maturity indicator for Completion in long and short bones, occurs in this center for girls near the menarche and for boys near their comparable pubescent stage.
It seems clear, from the counter-balanced shape of the series of arrows in Figure 5 that there was about an equal number of early and late Onsets and Completions for the 34 girls.
After the 42 figures had been drawn like Figures 5 and 6, classifications of the onset ages and completion ages were summarized from them.
De Groot and Carvalho, 1960).
There is so far no evidence to indicate conclusively that this coupling is under enzymatic control.
Secretion
This de-iodinating enzyme is effective against mono- and di-iodotyrosine, but does not de-iodinate thyroxine or tri-iodothyronine.
It does not appear to affect the iodinating mechanism as such.
The most conclusively identified is L-5-vinyl-2-thio-oxazolidone, which was isolated from rutabaga (Greer, 1950).
With lower levels, thyroid hypertrophy and increased thyroid blood-flow enable the thyroid to accumulate a larger proportion of the daily intake of iodine.
At the present time we do not know by what biochemical mechanism TSH acts on the thyroid, but for bio-assay of the hormone there are a number of properties by which its activity may be estimated, including release of iodine from the thyroid, increase in thyroid weight, increase in mean height of the follicular cells and increase in the thyroidal uptake of Af.
Much of this work has been reviewed by White (1944) and by Albert (1949).
Whether this abnormal TSH differs chemically from pituitary TSH, or is, alternatively, normal TSH with its period of effectiveness modified by some other blood constituent, cannot be decided without chemical study of the activity in the blood of these patients and a comparison of the substance responsible for the blood activity with pituitary Aj.
Muscle weakness is now recognized as an uncommon though serious complication of steroid therapy, with most of the synthetic adrenal corticosteroids in clinical use.
Additional findings at this time included cardiomegaly, peripheral arteriosclerosis obliterans, and cholelithiasis.
Prednisone, 30 mg. daily, was substituted for triamcinolone from Nov. 22 until Dec. 1, 1958, without any improvement in the weakness.
In February, 1959, during the second admission to The New York Hospital, a biopsy specimen of the left gastrocnemius showed striking increase in the sarcolemmal sheath nuclei and shrunken muscle fibers in several sections.
These reactions were interpreted as being manifestations of hypoadrenocorticism.
The heart weighed 510 gm., and at the outflow tracts the left and right ventricles measured 19 and 3 mm., respectively.
The lungs weighed together 950 gm.
Microscopically, there was hyperemia of the central veins, and there was some atrophy of adjacent parenchyma.
Some of the small vessels were filled with fibrin thrombi, and there was extensive interstitial hemorrhage.
In addition, there were 2 small papillary adenomas in the right kidney.
Such swollen fibers were deeply eosinophilic, contained a few pyknotic nuclei, and showed loss of cross-striations, obliteration of myofibrils, and prominent vacuolization.
Occasionally there were small basophilic fibers that were devoid of myofibrillae and contained many vesicular nuclei with prominent nucleoli (Fig. 5).
(4) The conjugates were passed through a diethylaminoethyl (DEAE) cellulose column equilibrated with neutral phosphate buffer (PBS) containing Af potassium phosphate and Af.
The sections were fixed in acetone for 15 minutes and dried at 37-degrees for 30 minutes.
Fluorescence microscopy
Sections of sweet clover stem and root tumors were treated with 1: 10 solution of Af for 30 minutes, washed in buffered saline for 15 minutes, stained with Af for 30 minutes, and washed for 15 minutes in Aj.
In addition to other treatments, treating the sections with normal sheep serum for half an hour before layering Af did not reduce nonspecific staining.
In all cases a disturbing amount of nonspecific staining was still present although it was still distinguishable from specific fluorescence.
Specific staining by DEAE-cellulose treated Af and Af, although clearly distinguishable under the microscope from either nonspecific staining or autofluorescence of cells, was not satisfactorily photographed to show such differences in spite of many attempts with black and white and color photography.
In some tumor sections small spherical bodies, possibly inclusion bodies (Littau and Black, 1952) stained more intensely than the rest of cytoplasm and probably contained more antigen.
The reason for the failure of these treatments to eliminate nonspecific staining in the conjugates in our system is not known.
Even more complex and obviously cortically induced forms of emotional arousal could be elicited in monkey A on seeing monkey B (but not a rabbit) in emotional stress.
Hypothalamic balance and its significance
Before we comment further on these pathological conditions, we should remember that changes in the state of the hypothalamus within physiological limits distinguish sleep from wakefulness.
Important as these differences are, they should not obscure the basic fact that by shifting the hypothalamic balance sufficiently to the parasympathetic side, we produce depressions, whereas a shift in the opposite direction causes excitatory effects and, eventually, maniclike changes.
It was assumed that the shift in autonomic hypothalamic balance occurring spontaneously in neuropsychiatric patients from the application of certain therapeutic procedures follows the pattern known from the sleep-wakefulness cycle.
It has further been shown that: (1) an experimental neurosis in its initial stages is associated with a reversible shift in the central autonomic balance;
Being a strictly physiological procedure, one may expect from such a study additional information on the nature of the emotional process itself.
He then applied this principle of reciprocal inhibition to human neuroses.
We stressed the reciprocal relation of these systems with respect to the autonomic-somatic downward discharge as well as regarding the hypothalamic-cortical discharge.
this is really a deficiency in the scalar field, namely, that it is not algebraically closed.
The diagonalizable operator is the special case of this in which Af for each i.
(C) if Af is the operator induced on Af by T, then the minimal polynomial for Af is Af.
We shall show that the polynomials Af behave in the manner described in the first paragraph of the proof.
It is certainly clear that the subspaces Af are invariant under T.
In the notation of the proof of Theorem 12, let us take a look at the special case in which the minimal polynomial for T is a product of first-degree polynomials, i.e., the case in which each Af is of the form Af.
We say that N is nilpotent if there is some positive integer R such that Af.
Since D'and N'commute with one another and Af, we see that D'and N'commute with T.
) Now Af is a diagonalizable operator which is also nilpotent.
From these results, one sees that the study of linear operators on vector spaces over an algebraically closed field is essentially reduced to the study of nilpotent operators.
If D denotes the differentiation operator and P is the polynomial Af then V is the null space of the operator p (,), because Af simply says Af.
that is, one must know something about D other than the fact that it is a linear operator.
Examples of binomial experiments
In litters of eight mice from similar parents, the number of mice with straight instead of wavy hair is an integer from 0 to 8.
Fortunately, a general formula of wide applicability solves all problems of this kind.
Student football managers.
Each trial consists of choosing a student manager at random.
There must be a fixed number n of repeated trials.
"Success" and "failure" are just convenient labels for the two categories of outcomes when we talk about binomial trials in general.
Each die has probability Af of producing an ace;
Examples where independence fails.
In repetitions of the experiment from couple to couple, the votes of the two persons in a couple probably agree more often than independence would imply, because couples who visit the museum together are more likely to have similar tastes than are a random pair of people drawn from the entire population of visitors.
For example, the marksman gets 5 shots, but we take his score to be the number of shots before his first bull's-eye, that is, 0, 1, 2, 3, 4 (or 5, if he gets no bull's-eye).
The random variable X takes the values Af with probabilities Af or, more briefly Af.
The several trials of a binomial experiment produce a new random variable X, the total number of successes, which is just the sum of the random variables associated with the single trials.
The latter theorem has been generalized by Yamabe and Yujobo, and Cairns to show that in Af there are families of such cubes.
We now have certain squares with three corners on C.
The function f{t} defined in this way is multi-valued.
We can now prove several lemmas.
In a neighborhood of Q the difference between these functions is also a single-valued, analytic function of U.
This set must consist of isolated points and closed intervals.
(C) Af cuts across C and there are two ordinary intersections for every T in Af.
Therefore, for any value of T the number of values of f{t} is equal to the (finite) number of tangent points corresponding to the argument T plus an odd number.
Now Af and Af must both be tangent points on the T component in the f-plane;
We again consider a fixed point P at Af and a variable point Q at Af on C.
Now with P fixed at Af, Af-values occur when the corner Af crosses C, and are among the values of S such that Af.
Let Q be a nonsingular quadric surface bearing reguli Af and Af, and let **zg be a Af curve of order K on Q.
The order of this congruence is Af, since Af secants of a curve of symbol (B) on a quadric surface pass through an arbitrary point.
Hence, thought of as a line in a particular plane **yp, any tangent to Q has a unique image and moreover this image is the same for all planes through L.
A conic, C, being a (1, 1) curve on Q, meets the image of any line of Af, which we have already found to be a Af curve on Q, in Af points.
To see this, consider a general pencil of lines containing a general secant of Aj.
From the preceding remarks, it is clear that such a bundle is transformed into itself in an involutorial fashion.
Hence **zg must have either a regulus of Af-fold secants or a regulus of Af-fold secants.
Now consider an arbitrary line, l, meeting Q in two points, Af and Af.
Our central goal should be to provide the greatest positive incentive for these societies to tackle boldly the tasks which they face.
Isolated enterprises have been launched, but they are not yet related to each other in a meaningful pattern.
American policy should press constantly the view that until these governments demand efficiency and effectiveness of their bureaucracies there is not the slightest hope that they will either modernize of democratize their societies.
If modernization programs are imposed from above, without the understanding and cooperation of the people, they will encounter grave difficulties.
At a third stage in the modernization process are such countries as India, Brazil, the Philippines, and Taiwan, which are ready and committed to move into the stage of self-sustaining growth.
Capital imports drawn from a number of sources must be employed and combined skillfully enough to permit domestic investment programming to go forward.
Nevertheless, impulses still exist among the ruling elite to rationalize and thus to perpetuate the need for centralized and authoritarian practices.
We have emphasized that the modernizing process in each society will take a considerable period of time.
The place of religion in the simple, preliterate societies is quite definite;
There are several closely related inner functions.
The universe is a safe and permanent home.
it also provides facilities and incitements for the development of personality, sociality, and creativeness.
The belief in immortality, where held, functions as a redress for the ills and disappointments of the here and now.
This is demonstrated especially when there is awareness of radically different value orientation elsewhere;
This something leads to a conception of an over-all Social Plan with a meaning interpretable in terms of ultimate ends;
The common ultimate values, ends and goals fostered by religion are a most important factor.
The common codes, for religious action as such and in their ethical aspects for everyday moral behavior, bind the devotees together.
Religion usually exercises a stabilizing-conserving function.
for example, the Crusades, mission efforts, just wars.
The result, dramatically visible in a matter of days in the family's disrupted daily functioning, was a phobic-like fear that some terrible harm would befall the second twin, whose birth had not been anticipated.
In a joint interview Mr. and Mrs. B. were helped to understand the meaning of a younger son's wandering away from home in terms of his feelings of displacement in reaction to the arrival of the twins.
To establish an emotionally meaningful relationship the worker must demonstrate actual or potential helpfulness immediately, preferably within the first interview, by meeting the client's specific needs.
Over a relatively short period of time, usually about four to twelve weeks, the worker must be able to shift the focus, back and forth, between immediate external stressful exigencies ("precipitating stress") and the key, emotionally relevant issues ("underlying problem") which are, often in a dramatic preconscious breakthrough, reactivated by the crisis situation, and hence once again amenable to resolution.
Almost three decades ago Bertha Reynolds undertook a study of short-contact interviewing because of her conviction that short-term casework had an important but neglected place in our network of social services.
While there are many different possibilities for the timing of casework intervention, the experiments recently reported from a variety of traditional settings all point up the importance of an immediate response to the client's initial need for help.
Probably, in the immediate future, we will have to settle for middle-range efforts that fall short of utopian models.
The newlyweds building homes on the same land with either set of parents, and the almost exclusive use of members of the population as sponsors for baptisms and weddings illustrate this supportive relationship.
From the evidence "it may be conjectured that core - core marriages are the preferred unions for core males and females;
Interviews with members of the Brandywine population were attempted in order to discover the ranking of the various families in the population.
A cursory survey of available material indicates a high rate of illegitimate births occurring to parents who have a close consanguineous relationship.
Cultural values.
The four functional problems of a social system are, to some extent, solved by the subsystems within this population.
Since morale is closely related to pattern maintenance and integration, the higher the morale and solidarity, the better the system can solve the problems of the system.
2.
Communication.
Group pressures toward conformity are slight or non-existent, and deviant behavior in mate selection incurs few if any social sanctions.
The fact of Indian ancestry and "free" status during the days of slavery, are important distinctions made by members of the group.
By their pattern of endogamy and exogamy, the core families and the marginal families show distinct limits to the intergroup contact they maintain.
Tribal authorities, the chiefs and their secretaries, were held responsible for maintaining the registers of indigenous persons within their territories, under the general supervision of district officials.
Each adult is held personally responsible for assuring his inscription and obtaining an identification card which must be shown on demand.
But it places a severe strain on the administrative resources (already burdened in other ways) of a widely dispersed, poor and largely illiterate population.
Here again it seems that useful approximations of the size and geographical distribution of the population were obtained in this way in the late pre-war and early post-war periods.
L'Institut pour La Recherche Scientifique En Afrique Centrale (IRSAC) has sponsored well-designed field investigations and has cooperated closely with the government of Ruanda-Urundi in the development of its official statistics.
A member of the IRSAC staff (E. Van De Walle) was recently delegated to cooperate with AIMO in the development of demographic statistics in this territory.
Sample areas in the new investigations were selected strictly by application of the principles of probability theory, so as to be representative of the total population of defined areas within calculable limits.
Data were obtained, separately, on three classes of persons: (A) residents, present;
It is still used in making current population estimates in post-census years, though the value of these estimates is open to question.
This report contains preliminary notes and 35 tables.
All of them felt a compelling need for more coverage on areas that could be only lightly touched upon in a general survey functional course.
In addition, two other differences in the two types of sections must be noted.
Besides, auditors do not count on faculty load with the same weight as regularly enrolled students.
It ranged from two women members who had experienced premarital pregnancy to one couple twelve years married and seemingly unable to conceive.
A steering committee of students was organized on the first day whose duty it was to be alert and constantly evaluate and re-evaluate the direction and pace the class was taking.
Thus the films seen as they came in (coordinated for the regular sections), were often out of context.
Whereas a high percentage of the regular students can be expected to read other texts which more or less plow the same ground in a little different direction, the married students chose whole books on specific areas and went into much greater detail in their areas of interest.
Since the course, one member has lost her husband.
This was probably much more meaningful because all the women in the class emphasized it time and again.
This was true mostly of those Kohnstamm-negative subjects who did not perceive the ambiguous figure as people in action.
The nonreactors had been separated into two groups on this assumption with the presumably "secure" nonreactors and "secure" reactors being used as the groups for comparative personality studies.
There were 24% (10 subjects) who shifted from a negative to a positive reaction after they were reassured as to the normalcy of the Kohnstamm-positive reaction.
The positive Kohnstamm reactivity in Condition 1 ((the naive state) is not adequately explained by such a concept as suggestibility (if suggestibility is defined as the influence on behavior by verbal cues).
The naive state, Condition 1, could therefore be viewed as an inhibiting one for 24% of the subjects in this study.
Many subjects attributed differences in Kohnstamm reactivity to differences in degrees of subjective control -- voluntary as the Kohnstamm-positive subjects perceived it and involuntary as the Kohnstamm-negative subjects perceived it.
She had felt that her arm wanted to go up in the first trial, but had consciously prevented it from so doing.
It is our hypothesis that Kohnstamm-positive subjects are less hesitant about relinquishing control than are Kohnstamm-negative subjects;
The change in perceptions by some of the Kohnstamm-negative subjects, after they had been informed of the possibilities of normal reactions, suggests that their constriction and guardedness is associated with their general mode of responding to strange or unknown situations.
In order to equate the samples on socioeconomic status, we chose schools in both cities on the basis of socioeconomic status of the neighborhoods.
Over-achievers were at least one standard deviation above the regression line in their school system.
The rating scale of compulsivity was constructed by first perusing the interview records, categorizing all evidence related to compulsivity, then arranging a distribution of such information apart from the case records.
Reliability and validation work with the Children's Anxiety Scale by Castaneda, et al demonstrated results closely similar to the findings with the adult scale.
In establishing criterion measurements, it was therefore thought best to broaden the scope beyond the reading act itself.
It is the discrepancy between the actual attained achievement test score and the score that would be predicted by the I.Q.
First of all, as we had surmised, the highly compulsive children in the structured setting score significantly better (Af) on achievement than do similar children in the unstructured schools.
When helped by a high degree of structure in lesson presentation, then, and only then, does such a child attain unusual success.
The child with high anxiety may first direct his anxiety-released energy toward achievement, but because his distress severely reduces the abilities of discrimination and memorization of complex symbols, the child may fail in his initial attempts to master the problem.
Observers, in the two school systems studied here, judged the teachers in the structured schools to be more impersonal and demanding, while the atmosphere in the unstructured schools was judged to be more supporting and accepting.
Let us now put some flesh on the theoretical bones we have assembled by giving illustrations of roleplaying used for evaluation and analysis.
In the testing room he was to make, successively, three presentations to three different people.
The president of the firm, calculating expenses alone, felt his costs had dropped one-half while success in selection had improved over one hundred per cent.
She was hired and was found to be entirely satisfactory when she played the role eight hours a day.
At the insistence of his own supervisor -- the president of the firm -- he enrolled in a course designed to develop leaders.
The engineer turned works manager had a particular view of life -- and refused to change it.
That's my job".
The manager sat behind the group so he could see and count the hands that went up, and the director wrote the numbers on the blackboard.
To accept the validity of the judgments of others is the second step.
the objective of this chapter is to clarify the distinctions between spontaneity theory and other training concepts.
One hebephrenic woman often became submerged in what felt to me like a somehow phony experience of pseudo-emotion, during which, despite her wracking sobs and streaming cheeks, I felt only a cold annoyance with her.
Then I replied, coldly, "If you despise me, why don't you say so, directly"?
I have found, time and again, that some bit of particularly annoying and intractable behavior on the part of a patient rests, in the final analysis, on this basis;
More than anything, it is the therapist's intuitive sensing of these latent meanings in the stereotype which helps these meanings to become revealed, something like a spread-out deck of cards, on sporadic occasions over the passage of the patient's and his months of work together.
It is no coincidence that the hebephrenic patient, the most severely dedifferentiated of all schizophrenic patients, shows, as one of his characteristic symptoms, laughter -- laughter which now makes one feel scorned or hated, which now makes one feel like weeping, or which now gives one a glimpse of the bleak and empty expanse of man's despair;
Or, equally often, a concretistic-seeming, particularistic-seeming statement may consist, with its mundane exterior, in a form of poetry -- may be full of meaning and emotion when interpreted as a figurative expression: a metaphor, a smile, an allegory, or some other symbolic mode of speaking.
This approach requires that: (1) each text word be separated into smaller elements to establish a correspondence between the occurrence and dictionary entries, and (2) the information retrieved from several entries in the dictionary be synthesized into a description of the particular word.
A location in the computer store is also named for each marked form;
When an occurrence Af is isolated during text reading, a random memory address Af, the address of a cell in the X-region, is computed from the form of Af.
The address Af is stored in the cell Af.
Each information cell in the chain contains the address of the Y-cell where the form to which it is assigned is stored.
The number of dictionary forms skipped since the last one matched is also saved.
These two steps essentially complete the lookup operation.
This selection-rejection process takes place as the file is read.
)
(Indeed, the set of endings can be replaced by the name of a set of endings.
"A charge to keep I have, A God to glorify".
In small-town people are very friendly dominant stress will generally be on the complement very friendly;
If the answer to what was that noise?
When a gesture accompanies who's he?
In I knew you when you were a child, and you were pretty then dominant stress on then implies that the young woman spoken to is still pretty.
In is she Chinese or Japanese?
In Mack's the leader at camp, but Jack is here the is of the second main declarative represents is the leader and therefore has stress.
In to tell him, of course, to is normally unstressed.
but if drinking is a gerundial noun modifying water and without drinking water is equivalent to without water for drinking, there will be stronger stress on drinking than on water.
Historically re is the formative that is employed also in republic, and al is the common suffix.
This limited familiarity with the possible phenomena has severely hampered work with tone.
Actually, none of these papers says much directly about field techniques.
Tone systems are certainly more complex than the number of units would suggest, and often analytically more difficult than much larger consonantal systems.
A second explanation is suggested by the material described in Rowlands'paper.
Still, even in such languages tone analysis has not been as simple as one might expect.
Phonemes connected by a morphophonemic rule commonly show a good bit of phonetic similarity, possible because of the several dimensions of contrast in the system.
And the more complex the morphophonemic system is in relation to the phonemic base, the less easily a phonemic system will be analysed without close attention to the morphophonemics -- at least, the less satisfying will a phonemic statement be if it cannot be related through morphophonemic rules to grammatically meaningful structures.
A. E. Sharp, in Vowel-Length And Syllabicity In Kikuyu, examines one set of related orthographic questions and its phonologic background in detail.
We need many more studies of this sort if the design of written languages is to be put on a sound basis.
On the whole they maintain much the same high standard, but they are much more difficult to discuss in detail because of their wider variety of subject matter.
The differentiation, however, is not very much greater, as shown by the fact that Athabascan shows 3.46 stems per meaning slot as against 2.75 for Yokuts, with a slightly greater number of languages represented in our sample: 24 as against 21.
their classes of animal and plant terms are restricted to generalizations or recurrent parts (fish, bird, tree, grass, horn, tail, bark, root).
Or the exception may be due to a particular durability peculiar to the Athabascan verb.
and Af stems.
In 1960, David D. Thomas published Basic Vocabulary In some Mon-Khmer Languages (AL 2, No. 3, pp. 7 - 11), which compares 8 Mon-Khmer languages with the I-E language data on which Swadesh based the revised retention rate (Af) in place of original (Af), and his revised 100 word basic glottochronological list in Towards Greater Accuracy (IJAL 21:
stem frequencies 4 and 4, 64%;
These findings, and others which will in time be developed, will affect the method of glottochronological inquiry.
Not that such a list cannot be constructed;
And he has proclaimed greater or less affiliation between all Western hemisphere languages.
of acquiring evidential knowledge of what happened in Athabascan, in Yokuts, in Uto-Aztecan in the last few thousand years as well as forecasting what more anciently may have happened between them.
Doubtless it was inevitable that differences of opinion should arise about the methods for applying these policies.
He stood up to emphasize his strong feeling on the subject.
Stalin declared that he preferred to continue the war a little longer, "although it costs us blood", in order to give Poland compensation in the West at the expense of the Germans.
At Yalta the West still believed that Eastern Europe could be kept in its orbit, in spite of the onrushing Soviet armies.
He made this completely clear.
Any free elections that were to be held in Poland would have to produce a government in which Moscow had complete confidence, and all pressure from the West for free voting by anti-Soviet elements in Poland would be met by restrictions on voting by these elements.
The application of these formulae could not please both sides, for they really attempted to marry the impossible to the inevitable.
We expected, in short, that most of the world would make itself over in our image and that it would be relatively simple, from such a position, to deal with the localized aberrations of the Soviet Union".
Yet, in summarizing a series of careful essays on the Yalta Conference, Forrest Pogue could find no basis for Yalta becoming "a symbol for betrayal and a shibboleth for the opponents of Roosevelt and international cooperation".
The electoral procedure prevented the ready identification of party affiliation, but all vitally interested parties, including the government itself, were busily engaged in determining the party identifications of all successful candidates the month following the elections.
There were rumors that the Ministry of the Interior favored an arbitrary, "non-political" process, which were indirectly affirmed when the King personally intervened in the planned meetings.
By December, 1958, when'Abdallah Ibrahim became President of the Council, elections had even greater importance.
Those in power tend to procrastinate and even to repudiate the electoral process.
Interesting evidence can be found in the results of the Chamber of Commerce elections, which took place three weeks before national elections.
A second major point of this essay is to examine the formal arrangements for the elections.
Although the monarch had frequently asserted that the elections were to be without party significance, his action was an implicit admission that party identifications were a factor.
The qualifications to vote were kept very simple.
The George-Barden Act of 1946 raised the previous increases in annual authorizations to $29 million in addition to the $7 million under the Smith Act.
Today, Federal funds account for only one-fifth of the nation's expenditures for vocational education.
Most skilled industrial workers, nevertheless, still acquire their skills outside of formal training institutions.
These schools are intended to provide the facilities and specialized curriculum that would not be possible for very small school districts.
The major training need of a new industrial plant is a short period of pre-employment training for a large number of semi-skilled machine operators.
This weakness is not unique to labor surplus areas, for it is inherent in the system of local school districts in this country.
Moreover, the current information on what types of training are needed and possible is too limited and fragmentary.
A training program in a depressed area may have few enrollees unless there is some apparent prospect for better employment opportunities afterwards, and the prospect may be poor if the training is aimed solely at jobs in the local community.
Such training would increase the tendency of workers to leave the area and find jobs in other localities.
But briefly, the topping configuration must be examined for its inferences.
Even if we strip their respective claims to the barest minimum, the "odds" still favor them both, for the trend in effect is always more likely to continue than to reverse.
It recalls to mind the quest of olden times for the fountain of youth, a quest heavily invested in, during the days of wooden ships.
The markets are far too subtle, and the last word in these endeavors will doubtless never be written, for the enchanting index is about as nebulous as the fountain of youth.
Odd-lot index observers then make graphs of the data according to their particular statistical recipe.
Which came first?
They initiate campaigns, so to speak, even if this initiation is diffused among them, and their concerted action only psychologically organized.
Try to imagine a market in which only a minority of traders would lose, and the majority would make consistent profits.
And the few must win what the many lose, for the opposite arrangement would not support markets as we know them at all, and is, in fact, unimaginable.
Thus while his theory or technique may not be oversubscribed, it is commonplace for bullish and bearish positions to become temporarily over-subscribed.
The tendency for general business activity to soften somewhat is becoming more evident.
The recovery will probably be sparked by a rising rate of housing starts next spring in response to more readily available mortgage credit, as well as by an expansion of Government spending, well sustained consumer spending, and some rebuilding of business inventories.
One of the most intriguing questions is whether the recent departures of the Federal Reserve authorities from confining their open market operations to Treasury bills will spread into longer-term Government securities in the next few months.
Recent events in the General Assembly of the United Nations confirm that the cold war will remain with us, and probably intensify, for the foreseeable future.
During the Seventies the projections show a more pronounced rise to an annual rate of 1,338,000 in the second half of that decade.
It seems likely that with the three preceding forces at play, the rate of business and industrial plant and equipment expenditures should continue to move upward from the levels of the Fifties.
This is not to say that the level of consumer expenditures will not continue to rise in the Sixties.
Where the industry's product price has been kept below the "profit-maximizing" and "entry-limiting" prices due to fears of public reaction, the profit seeking producers have an interest in offering little real resistance to wage demands.
A.
In any given time period, the aggregate demand for the industry's product is determined by two things: the price charged by the industry, and the level of Aj.
For the industry of this model, the effect of such public pressures in the past has been to hold the price well below the short-run profit-maximizing price (given the wage rate and the level of GNP), and even below the entry-limited price (but not below average cost).
The extent to which the public-limit price is raised by a given increase in the basic wage rate is itself a function of three things: the passage of time, the level of GNP, and the size of the wage increase.
This is not extended to anticipated levels of GNP, however -- only the current level of GNP affects the public pressure against wage-price increases.
The single union which faces the industry does not restrict its membership, and there is an adequate supply of labor available to the firms of the industry at the going wage rate.
However, it is not known to either the union or the public precisely how much of a cost increase is caused by a given change in the basic wage rate, although the companies are presumed to have reliable estimates of this magnitude.
Several factors contributed to this change.
But there was no pressing need to maintain these same standards with regard to most of the rest of the world.
Of course it had always been of European origin in fact, but it had maintained a universal outlook under the natural law theory.
The theory of international law, which in the nineteenth century became common to virtually all writers in Europe and America, broke this unity and this universality.
A state, the highest form of human organization in fact and theory, could be subjected to Law only by a manifestation of self-will, or consent.
Law became a conscious process, something more than simply doing justice and looking to local customs and a common morality for applicable norms.
It is true that, initially, the task was to remove restrictions that, it was thought, inhibited the free flow of money, goods, and labor;
Particularly was this true as laissez-faire capitalism became the dominant credo of Western society.
even marriage and the family was seen as a contractual arrangement.
Mr. Justice Black was one of the minority that rested on the Article 1, power.
Congress reacted with a series of measures modifying in various ways what it had granted in 1875.
The classic case is Railroad Commission v. Pullman.
To the extent that the jurisdictional principle of 1875 stands unmodified by subsequent legislation, federal equitable relief against state action must be available -- or so it seems to Mr. Justice Frankfurter.
The Taft-Hartley Act gave the federal courts jurisdiction over "suits for violation of contracts between an employer and a labor organization representing employees in an industry affecting commerce".
With a few exceptions, the lawmakers seemed unaware of the technical problems of federal jurisdiction involved -- to say nothing of the delegation of lawmaking power to judges.
Congress has not clearly defined the bounds between state and federal court competence.
To insure uniformity in the meaning of national law, however, state interpretations are subject to Supreme Court review.
In other words the burden of pleading clearly rested upon the pleader by state law.
The conduct in question was a speech.
There does not seem to be any reasonable basis for distinction either in terms of the nature of the tax attribute or in terms of tax-avoidance possibilities.
A clearly recognized exception is a statutory merger or consolidation.
Holding the final corporation entitled to sue on the claim, the Court cited the Seaboard, Novo Trading, and Roomberg cases for the proposition that "transfers by operation of law or in conjunction with changes of corporate structure are not assignments prohibited by the statute".
if the succession is not of record, all documents relating to such succession, properly certified, are required.
The cases have allowed transfer of claims if beneficial ownership is not changed.
It appears, then, that although the matter is not dealt with in section 381(c), a successor corporation in a reorganization of a type specified in section 381(a) is entitled to sue for refund of taxes paid by a transferor corporation.
Section 169 permits a person acquiring grain-storage facilities to elect to continue amortization over a 60-month period.
With respect to this type of item, one might properly apply the language of the Committee Report, quoted above, which cautions against using section 381 as a basis for treating other tax attributes not mentioned therein.
There is the danger that the questions will mean different things to different respondents.
B.
Respondents'practices in participating in negotiated bidding for defense purposes (Part D of the questionnaire) 5.
In June, 1960, an early draft of the questionnaire, along with a cover letter, was mailed to fourteen companies in the state of Washington.
The responses were carefully checked for obvious errors in the answers or for questions that were apparently not understood by the respondent.
These names were secured from member companies by the Association from the forty-four sources listed in Appendix Aj.
The fact that the Aerospace Industries Association members whose lists were used did not comprise all firms engaged in defense programs.
Mailing the questionnaire
Returns received
Each return required three cards and involved key punching 228 digital columns.
In the first place, the two groups of firms, when combined, had characteristics and practices that were more representative of companies that were the subject of this study than did the firms from the AIA list alone.
It is disconcerting, nevertheless, to read in a labor weekly, "Perluss knuckles down to growers", and then to be confronted with a growers'publication which states, "Perluss recognizes obviously phony and trumped-up strikes as bona fide".
To date, at least, the strategy of the AWOC has been selective;
With respect to labor disputes, the Wagner-Peyser Act states only,
The packing shed workers go on strike.
Accordingly, under clause (1) of the Secretary's Regulation, we suspended referrals to the employer.
The growers have strenuously argued that I should have accepted the Superior Court decisions as conclusive and issued statewide instructions to our staff to ignore this provision in the Secretary's Regulation.
I believe I am in good company in this view.
As an administrator, I cannot place the Employment Service in California in jeopardy of being out of compliance with the Federal laws by my failure to pursue the avenues of appeal open to me.
that is, that if wages, for example, is the only issue in a labor dispute, and no workers have left their jobs because of the dispute, we may continue to make referrals.
and that as they mature their interests and capabilities change and broaden.
2.
the older child learns that intense emotional outbursts will not win approval by his peers, and, therefore, makes a real effort to control his emotions.
During early childhood, children are more interested in the approval of their parents and teachers than they are in the approval of other children;
loyalty to the group, a feeling of superiority over those who are not members, and unwillingness to play with members of the opposite sex become dominant traits.
7.
Much progress has been made in the last two decades in developing techniques for understanding children, yet in almost any classroom today can be found children whose needs are not being met by the school program.
Although the teacher must be concerned with maintaining standards, he must also be concerned about understanding differences in ability, background, and experience.
They may be related to mental immaturity or lack of aptitude for certain types of school work.
Successful teaching involves getting enough information about each pupil to understand why he behaves as he does in certain situations and how his achievement in school is being influenced by various factors in his environment.
These records, when systematically maintained, provide much information about the children, which the teacher can use in guidance, instruction, grouping, and reporting to parents.
The Middle-South Region, as defined by the National Association of Intergroup Relations Officials (NAIRO), consists of the states of Kentucky, Maryland, Tennessee, West Virginia, Delaware, Virginia and the District of Columbia.
thus, county school board and Federal court joined hands here to promote school desegregation.
Negro parents have filed application for admission of additional children to schools in Alexandria, Arlington, Fairfax, and Warren Counties.
West of Rock Creek Park is still monolithically white and is in fact increasingly white as a result of Georgetown's conversion-by-renovation housing program.
First, how can we step up the desegregation movement?
Third, how can we insure a systematic and continuing group relations education in the schools?
If we have five problems whose solution we seek in relatively united fashion, then there are twice as many issues which, I judge, sharply divide us, intergroup relations practitioners and lay people.
Teacher assignment in order to desegregate.
And I have established that the action of municipal, county, or state school boards or boards of education is small, infinitesimally small in comparison with the number of districts.
There is nonetheless considerable argument against the clause, softened though it be, on the grounds that Federal aid is so necessary to the public schools.
Should the requirement, which must therefore be Federal in nature, be legislated by the United States Congress?
The next question is whether board members favor their own social classes in their roles as educational policy-makers.
There is currently a major controversy of public education in which group interests and values are heavily engaged.
In a society dominated by middle-class values and working in an institution which transmits and strengthens these social values, it is clear that the educational profession must work for the values which are characteristic of the society.
While this influence is a complex matter, depending upon personality factors in the individual as well as upon his social-class experience, there probably are some general statements about social-class background and educational policy that can be made with a fair degree of truth.
Educational policies are formed by several groups who are officially or unofficially appointed to act in the public interest.
An example of a more definite class bias is noted in proceedings of the Commission on the Financing of Higher Education sponsored by the Association of American Universities and supported by the Rockefeller Foundation and the Carnegie Corporation.
Like the other policy-making groups, these are middle class in their educational attitudes, and they attempt to act in the general public interest, as they see it.
This leads to efforts at exclusiveness through private schools and to the maintenance of social stratification in the schools.
The gains in educational opportunity during the past decade have taken place largely in the publicly supported institutions.
By all means the most important distinction is that between those total-cost apportionments which superimpose a distribution of admittedly unallocable cost residues on estimates of incremental or marginal costs, and those other apportionments which recognize no difference between true cost allocation and mere total-cost distribution.
But in any event, full credit should be given to the Cost Section for its express and overt recognition of a vital distinction too often ignored in utility-cost analyses: namely, that between a cost allocation designed to reflect the actual behavior of costs in response to changes in rates of output of different classes of utility service;
This "grand division" permits many costs to be assigned in their entirety to some one class, such as street lighting, or at least to be excluded completely from some important class or classes.
But any resulting excess of revenues received from a given class of service over the operating costs imputed to this class is reported as a "return" realized on the capital investment attributed to the same service.
Let us also assume the existence of only one class or type of service, all of which is supplied at the same voltage, phase, etc. to residential, commercial, and industrial customers.
per kilowatt-hour, and a $2 charge for a maximum demand of 2 kilowatts during the month at the rate of $1 per kilowatt -- a total bill of $8 for that month.
But the really controversial aspect of customer-cost imputation arises because of the cost analyst's frequent practice of including, not just those costs that can be definitely earmarked as incurred for the benefit of specific customers but also a substantial fraction of the annual maintenance and capital costs of the secondary (low-voltage) distribution system -- a fraction equal to the estimated annual costs of a hypothetical system of minimum capacity.
The simple pragmatic success of the sociology of small groups needs to be questioned.
247 - 83) and Hempel (1959:
shaping the contours of life to fit the needs of legends.
It is simply revealing the state to which metaphysical thinking has fallen during this century.
This does not mean that philosophy resolves the problems it generates, any more so than Riemann's geometry settled the physical status of the space-time continuum.
(cf. Hempel and Oppenheim, 1948:
The mystification of metaphysical systems does not imply the demise of philosophy, only the close of a philosophic age which demanded metaphysics to be rational and logical.
and philosophy as a guide to possible integration of supposedly disparate sociological investigations.
It is not that such questions are not asked.
A degree of indefiniteness is a salutary condition for the growth of science.
It has been said of John Stuart Mill that he wrote so clearly that he could be found out.
As we think of the long and excruciating pain it must have suffered, we are very likely to say: "It was a bad thing that the little animal should suffer so".
Let us put to ourselves the hypothesis that we had not come on the scene and that the rabbit never was discovered.
Let us suppose that the animal did not in fact fall into the trap and did not suffer at all, but that we mistakenly believe it did, and say as before that its suffering was an evil thing.
So far as I can see, there is only one way out for the positivist.
And suppose that the circumstances have now so changed that the feeling with which we made the remark in the first place has faded.
We all believe that toward acts or effects of a certain kind one attitude is fitting and another not;
If we were asked why we thought so, we should say that these things involve great evil and are wrong, and that to take delight in what is evil or wrong is plainly unfitting.
If goodness and badness lie in attitudes only and hence are brought into being by them, those men who greeted death and misery with childishly merry laughter are taking the only sensible line.
Psychical blindness is a condition in which there is a total absence of visual memory-images, a condition in which, for example, one is unable to remember something just seen or to conjure up a memory-picture of the visible appearance of a well-known friend in his absence.
(1) What allows us to think that the patient had no third-dimensional representations when his eyes were closed?
(1) When an object was placed in the patient's hand, he had no difficulty determining whether it was warm or cold, sharp or blunt, rough or smooth, flexible, soft, or hard;
But before we can do this, we must first find answers to our original questions 1 and 2;
could piece, as it were, the jumbled mass together into an organized whole and then recognize it as a man or a triangle or whatever it turned out to be.
he was absolutely unfamiliar with it because he had no visual memory at all.
Often he seems even to have been able to guess correctly, without the tracing motions, solely on the basis of qualitative differences among the blot-like things which appeared in his visual experience.
To speak of this underlying view of the world is to embark upon matters of subjective judgment.
Geometric pottery has not yet received the thorough, detailed study which it deserves, partly because the task is a mammoth one and partly because some of its local manifestations, as at Argos, are only now coming to light.
While Protogeometric vases usually turn up, especially outside Greece proper, together with as many or more examples of local stamp, these "non-Greek" patterns had mostly vanished by the later ninth century.
Everywhere within the common pattern, however, one finds local diversity;
Throughout the Dark ages, it is clear, the Greek world had been developing slowly but consistently.
Since writing was practiced in the Aegean before the end of the century, we may hope that the details of tradition will now be occasionally useful.
trade was just beginning to expand;
We shall not be able entirely to pass over these connections to the East as we consider Ripe Geometric pottery, the epic and the myth, and the religious evolution of early Greece;
They had had to work on very simple foundations and had not dared to give rein to impulses.
Wavy lines, feather-like patterns, rosettes of indefinitely floral nature, birds either singly or in stylized rows, animals in solemn frieze bands (see Plates 11 - 12) -- all these turned up in the more developed fabrics as preliminary signs that the potters were broadening their gaze.
Instead, he whirled and ran to his house for a gun, forcing them to kill him, Cook reported.
Half a mile below at the mouth of Salyer's Canyon was an old ranch that the company had purchased from A. J. Armstrong, occupied by a Mexican, his wife, and an old trapper.
Dropping to one knee, Cook felled one, and the other struggled off with his comrade, sending no further fire in his direction.
Since the strength of the Mexicans had been underrated, too small a posse had been collected, and since the deputy had not been provided with search warrants, MacPherson and his men decided it was much wiser to withdraw.
Cattle stealing and killing, again serious during the spring of 1891, placed the land grant company officers in a perplexing position.
On May 19, a deputy sheriff's posse of eight men left Maxwell City and rode thirty-five miles up the Vermejo where they were joined by Juan Jose Martinez.
When it became obvious that he could stay inside no longer, taking a thousand to one chance Gonzales rushed outside, square against the muzzle of a Winchester.
Early the next morning, a Mexican telephoned Pels that Celso Chavez, one of the posse members, was surrounded by ten Mexicans at his father's home on the upper Vermejo.
His problem then became one of restraining the American fighters who wanted to clean out the Vermejo by force immediately.
The layout of the sewer lines was designed by Henry W. Taylor, who was the engineer for the Manchester Village disposal plant.
Shares of capital stock at $15 each in the latter company were payable at the Bank of Manchester or at various other Vermont banks.
Early equipment was very flimsy;
Operators were Arthur Koop and Norman Taylor.
In his wake came the District Traffic Supervisor and the cream of the telegraphic profession, ten of Boston's best, chosen for their long experience and thorough knowledge of golf.
Telephone wires from Louis Dufresne's house in East Manchester to the Dufresne lumber job near Bourn Pond were up about 1895.
More aerial and underground equipment was installed as well as office improvements to take care of the expanding business.
The first mention of an electric plant in Manchester seems to be one installed in Reuben Colvin's and Houghton's gristmill on the West Branch in Factory Point.
The officers were John Marsden, president;
For a time following the abandonment of the local plant, electric current for Manchester was brought in from the south with an emergency tie-in with the Vermont Marble Company system to the north.
But to return to the main line of our inquiry, it is doubtful that Utopia is still widely read because More was medieval or even because he was a martyr -- indeed, it is likely that these days many who read Utopia with interest do not even know that its author was a martyr.
Remember that in seeking the modern in Utopia we do not deny the existence of the medieval and the Renaissance there;
But it is an answer which opens the door wide to an onrush of objections and denials.
Perhaps one way to sharpen our sense of the modernity of Utopian communism is to contrast it with the principal earlier types of communistic theory.
and it is again and again made clear that Utopian communism provides the institutional array indispensible to that best ordering.
We should think of it more as an act of justice than compassion".
In a like sense whatever bits or shreds of previous conceptions one may find in it, Utopian communism remains, as an integral whole, original -- a new thing.
a common habit or uniform prescribed for all citizens;
The Providence Daily Journal answered the Daily Post by stating that the raid of John Brown was characteristic of Democratic acts of violence and that "He was acting in direct opposition to the Republican Party, who proclaim as one of their cardinal principles that they do not interfere with slavery in the states".
On Wednesday morning, November 2, 1859, the Providence Daily Journal stated that although Brown justly deserved the extreme penalty, no man, however criminal, ought to suffer the penalty without a fair trial.
The state had elected Republican candidates in the past two years.
In contrast to "E. B.", most Rhode Islanders hardly thought of John Brown as being another Moses.
In her letter to John Brown, "E. B.", the Quakeress from Newport, had suggested that the American people owed more honor to John Brown for seeking to free the slaves than they did to George Washington.
Such was not the case in Rhode Island.
He spoke of his desire to promote the abolition of slavery by peaceable means and he compared John Brown of Harper's Ferry to the John Brown of Rhode Island's colonial period.
He said that the propriety or impropriety of such a gathering was a question that was to be settled by every man in accordance with the convictions of private judgments.
Rather than being deceived, the eye is puzzled;
It was for this reason, and no other that I can see, that in September 1912, Braque took the radical and revolutionary step of pasting actual pieces of imitation-woodgrain wallpaper to a drawing on paper, instead of trying to simulate its texture in paint.
Because of the size of the areas it covers, the pasted paper establishes undepicted flatness bodily, as more than an indication or sign.
and these capitals seem in turn to be pushed back by their placing, and by contrast with the corporeality of the woodgraining.
rather, it underpins and reinforces that literalness, re-creates it.
If, on the other hand, they opted for representation, it had to be representation per se -- representation as image pure and simple, without connotations (at least, without more than schematic ones) of the three-dimensional space in which the objects represented originally existed.
It was because of this chain-reaction as much as for any other reason -- that is, because of the growing independence of the planar unit in collage as a shape -- that the identity of depicted objects, or at least parts of them, re-emerged in Braque's and Picasso's papiers colles and continued to remain more conspicuous there -- but only as flattened silhouettes -- than in any of their paintings done wholly in oil before the end of 1913.
to this he glued and fitted other pieces of paper and four taut strings, thus creating a sequence of flat surfaces in real and sculptural space to which there clung only the vestige of a picture plane.
freeways boost valuation less (because the garages they require are not prime buildings by a long shot), and reduce the acreage that can be taxed.
It is merely the latest example of the leapfrog growth which formed the pattern of virtually all American cities.
And wherever the new thruways go up their banks are lined by neat glass and metal and colored brick light industry.
Even the loss of hotel business to the outskirt's motel has been relatively painless;
Telephone orders distort the picture: the suburbanite naturally calls a local rather than a central-city number if both are listed in an advertisement, especially if the local call eliminates city sales tax.
Raymond Vernon reports that residents of East St. Louis have been driving across the Mississippi, through the heart of downtown St. Louis and out to the western suburbs for major shopping, simply because parking is easier at the big branches than it is in the heart of town.
"How ya gonna keep'em down on the farm"?
householders who had been unable to pick up the burden of short-term high-interest mortgages found they could borrow for twenty-five years at 4 per cent, under government aegis.
When Costaggini had used up all the sketches thirty-six feet of empty frieze were left over.
There was some difficulty here.
What bits of Brumidi and Costaggini could be reached at either end seemed in good order, though the roughish sandy surface was thick with dust.
but to make it stiffer, of a really putty-like consistency to avoid cracking, we added a little hydrated lime -- hard on the hands, but we could see no other disadvantage.
Experience showed, however, that it is very difficult to paint a dark umber background in fresco that will not dry out spotty and uneven.
Costaggini said it was Brumidi's fault in not providing enough material to fill the circle.
The fixed wooden scaffold was removed, and, so as to reach all the frieze, one of pipe, on wheels, built up from the floor.
a little of the "secco" came off.
Those whom I wish to address with this letter are for the most part unknown to me.
Pozzatti and I endeavored earnestly to record our impressions without the prejudice that the anxiety of our time so easily provokes.
Personal predispositions tend to blunt the ear and, in turn, the voice as well.
On that cold, but bright, April day we were guests of your government in the reviewing stand of Red Square to witness the poeple's celebration for Yuri Gagarin and later on that day we attended the somewhat more exclusive reception for him in one of the impressive palaces of the Kremlin.
A struggle that is being waged all over the world in the half-light of disinterest.
Typical of such an experience was the occasion of a somewhat formal official welcome in the offices of the Union of Soviet Artists.
She did not go so far as to say, as was done on other occasions, that Abstraction as well as Impressionism were a Russian invention that had been discarded as unwanted by the people of the U.S.S.R.
"We have come to your land with the express intention of understanding and respecting your ideas and your ways.
As a matter of fact, we prize the diversity among our own people so much that we will not presume to speak for all other American artists.
Nor need the critic be captious.
Since I have already discussed his moral position, that discussion is incorporated by reference into the following pages, which will focus on the empirical and analytic side of Fromm's treatment.
Until such work is done, there must remain the nagging suspicion that alienation may be little more than an expression of the malaise of the intellectual, who, rejected by and in turn rejecting the larger society, projects his own fear and despair onto the broader social screen.
Fromm seems unaware of these developments.
Fromm says these data show that job dissatisfaction and resentment are widespread.
Sometimes he uses it as a subjective, descriptive term, and sometimes as an objective, diagnostic one.
if they say they are satisfied, this shows unconscious alienation.
This is a delightfully motley collection.
The only other one I shall mention here is his use of the term capitalism.
Otherwise Mussorgsky reserves his vocal melodies for prolonged expressions of emotion -- Boris'first monologue, for example.
This theme comes to represent the outer world, the realm of battles and banquets -- seen from a distance, quite distinct from the quieter spiritual life in the monastery.
The same could be said for the song to which they make their entrance in the final scene.
Varlaam's music begins to ramble as he feels the effects of the wine, but he pulls himself together when the need arises.
His personality appears more striking by contrast with Marina, who is -- perhaps purposely -- rather superficially characterized.
The music becomes ethereal as he calls up a vision of her own sainthood: it is she, he tells her, who can bring the truth to Russia and convert the heretics.
Indignantly she denounces Rangoni for his evil thoughts and orders him to leave her.
Mussorgsky makes this quite clear by the extent to which choral scenes propel the action.
They are held in control by force, but barely.
Again, as Boris feels himself nearing death, a procession files into the hall singing a hymn, its modal harmonies adding a churchly touch to the grim atmosphere: The words are hardly calculated to put the Tsar's mind at ease.
The service is over, and a number of people come from the church with their spokesman Mityukh in the lead.
This is not, however, the case, and development is a term which we can apply to Hardy only in a very limited sense.
the bad late poems are bad Hardy.
The dated poems also give us an idea of the degree to which Hardy drew upon past productions for his various volumes, and therefore probably are an indication of the amount of poetry he was writing at the time.
Two entries in The Early Life support the assumption that during this period Hardy had virtually suspended the writing of poetry.
Hardy's two productive decades were separated by forty years, yet between them he developed only in that he became more steadily himself -- it was a narrowing, not an expanding process.
It is smoother than Hardy usually is, but with the smoothness of anonymity.
In the poem we recognize and acknowledge one man's sense of the world;
he sometimes called them "an expiation", and he would not allow them to be published in periodicals.
Like the pillars of Hercules, like two ruined Titans guarding the entrance to one of Dante's circles, stand two great dead juvenile delinquents -- the heroes of the post-war generation: the great saxophonist, Charlie Parker, and Dylan Thomas.
About dawn he got up to blow.
The principal theme of Thomas's poetry was the ambivalence of birth and death -- the pain of blood-stained creation.
Art may have been for him the most enduring, orderly, and noble activity of man.
Their effects are only superficially startling.
It is not a farfetched analogy to say that this is what Thomas did to poetry.
This is true also of a painter like Jackson Pollock.
I want to make clear what I consider the one technical development in the first wave of significant post-war arts.
Even before his death this influence had begun to ebb.
But it is obvious that they were self-deluded.
At its best the abstract expressionists achieve a simple rococo decorative surface.
Anglo-Saxon and Greek epic each provide on two occasions a seemingly authentic account of the narration of verse in the heroic age.
Yet a fresh inspection will indicate one crucial amendment: Beowulf and the Homeric poems are not at all formulaic to the same extent.
The Germanic poet had such aids in the kennings, which provided for the difficulties of alliteration;
no individual word in The Iliad or The Odyssey can be credited to any one man;
If the master of scops who was most responsible for the poem ever used kennings that were traditional, he was at least partly deprived of free will and not inclined towards shrewd and sophisticated misuse of speech elements.
Reliance is therefore not to be placed upon the archaeological particulars in an oral poem;
Beowulf and the Homeric poems appear oral compositions.
Thus one line in five from The Iliad and The Odyssey is to be found somewhere else in the two poems.
In his analysis, however, he touches upon but fails to explore an idea, generally neglected in discussions of the book, which I believe is central to its art -- the importance of human hands as a recurring feature of the narrative.
Old Mr. Pocket's frantic response to life imprisonment with a useless, social-climbing wife is to "put his two hands into his disturbed hair" and "make an extraordinary effort to lift himself up by it", whereas Joe Gargery endures the shrewish onslaughts of Mrs. Joe by apologetically drawing "the back of his hand across and across his nose".
later he flees in panic from the family table just as his theft is about to be discovered and is blocked at the front door by a soldier who accusingly holds out a pair of handcuffs which he has brought to Gargery's forge for mending.
The scarred, disfigured wrists of Mr. Jaggers'housekeeper are the tell-tale marks of her sinister past, for her master, coolly exhibiting them to his dinner guests, makes a point of the "force of grip there is in these hands".
Almost the first step in the corruption of Pip's values is the unworthy shame he feels when Estella cruelly remarks the coarseness of his hands: "They had never troubled me before, but they troubled me now, as vulgar appendages".
We first see him shaking Mrs. Joe's hand on discovering the sizable amount of the premium paid to her husband for Pip's indenture as an apprentice and later pumping Pip's hands "for the hundredth time at least" ("May I -- may I --"?
Thus, when specifically permitted, the operand of a given line on the Autocoder coding sheet may be continued in the operand of from one to four additional lines which immediately follow.
The initial availability of index words and electronic switches is determined by a table which is included in the Compiler Systems Tape.
The one- or two-digit number of the index word or electronic switch was used in the operand of a symbolic machine instruction to specify indexing or as a parameter which is always an index word or electronic switch, e.g., 3.
When such a reference is found, an actual address is assigned and the availability table is changed so that the assigned index word or switch is no longer available for later assignment.
)
Declarative statements
When so instructed, Autocoder will generate one or more RDWS and assign them successive locations immediately preceding the area with which they are to be associated.
Through use of the DLINE statement, a means is provided for specifying both the editing of fields to be inserted in a print line area and the layout of the area itself.
A full description of the DIOCS, DTF, and DUF statements is contained in the 7070 Data Processing System Bulletin "IBM 7070 Input/Output Control System", form Aj.
This item may be a symbolic name or an actual one-digit or two-digit index word address in the range 3 - 94.
Since experience indicates that effluents from oxidation ponds do not create major problems at these BOD concentrations, the goal for the effluent quality of the accelerated treatment system was the same as from conventional oxidation ponds.
The sewage system from Kansas City was not expected to serve the Red Bridge area for several years.
It was proposed that aerated lagoons be used to eliminate the problem at the existing oxidation ponds and to provide the necessary treatment for the additional development.
The pilot plant was equipped with a 3-hp. turbine aerator (Figure 2).
Examination of the operations of the shopping center permitted correlation of the 6-hr. composite samples with 24-hr. operations.
Examination of the data in Table 1, shows that a few samples contributed to raising the effluent Aj.
The retention period in the aerated lagoon ranged from 9.8 to 2.6 days, averaging 6.4 days.
The suspended solids discharged in the effluent were found to be the major source of the Aj.
Initially, the flagellated protozoa predominated, but they soon gave way to the free swimming ciliated protozoa.
The data given in Table 2, show the routine operation of the aerator.
The polyethylene cover reduced the oxygen transfer rate by 10 per cent, indicating that the maximum oxygen transfer is at the rotor rather than through the surface.
The effluent BOD averaged 34 mg/l, a little lower than that of the study at Fayette indicated for a loading of 60 lb. Aj.
The submarine now has a definite place in submarine defense particularly in denying enemy access to ocean areas.
Proponents of single elements tend to ensure predominance of that element without determining if it is justified, and the element with the most enthusiastic and vociferous proponents has assumed the greatest importance.
Now the problem is presented piecemeal and sometimes contradictorily.
That which follows will be a discussion of principles and possible content for an over-all concept of antisubmarine warfare.
The Communists are adept at utilizing hostilities short of general war and will do so whenever it is to their advantage.
The missile can gradually be expected to replace the torpedo.
Shipbuilding, aircraft procurement, and weapon programs indicate that there will not be enough of anything.
Large area coverage will accomplish all other tasks.
Environmental intelligence is just as important.
There may be others.
Mines can be used to deny access to great areas;
The proponents are scientific and technical men who exercise considerable influence on their military counterparts.
But the submarine is a weapon of ambush and therefore always in danger of being ambushed.
chemical studies are being pursued with the cooperation of K.G. Untch.
Investigations on the acceleration of human plasma cholinesterase were carried further.
high-voltage electrophoresis and paper chromatography were used in preliminary structural studies;
continuum mechanics and viscoelasticity
(Hershel Markovitz, D.J. Plazek, Haruo Nakayasu)
The gallium content, however, has been enhanced five-fold.
inorganic chemistry
In another study chromium-substituted aluminum oxyhydroxides and related species, prepared homogeneously by high-temperature hydrolysis, are being characterized and investigated spectrally in the ultraviolet region with a view to identification and semiquantitative estimation of the phases formed under varying preparative conditions.
-- Recent theoretical work to calculate the dimensions of polymeric chains by Volkenstein and Lifson has been extended to include more general types of chains.
Contraction of muscle
Upon completion of the purging step, additional initiator appropriate for the molecular weight of the sample desired is added, and the system is then warmed to the polymerization temperature, at which the reaction is allowed to go to completion.
Financial and material help have come from academic, governmental, and industrial organizations in England and Holland.
Sources of data:
there is no mechanism for keeping the volumes up to date.
Publication and distribution:
Support came from academic and industrial groups in these two countries.
Crystallographic data resulting mainly from X-ray and electron diffraction measurements are presented.
Use of nomenclature, symbols, units, physical constants:
These are arranged according to crystal system.
The first section of this publication appeared in 1948 and the last supplement in 1960.
Presumably the tabulated data are best available values.
The book is divided into chapters and in each chapter the material is grouped into Text, Tables, Illustrations, and Bibliography.
2-4.
Work on Volume 2, was begun in 1941, interrupted by the war in 1942, and resumed in 1945.
Crystallographic, physical, optical, and chemical properties.
Recommendations of international authorities, such as the International Union of Crystallography, are followed.
Publication and distribution:
The resident staff is large and consists of professional assistants, graduate students, abstractors, librarian, technical editor, machine operators, secretarial help, and others.
Unpublished data will be available to the Groth institute from cooperating groups and individuals.
In earlier years, the preservation of food was essentially related to survival.
Spoilage by chemical action results from the reaction of one group of components in the food with others or with its environment, as in corrosion of the walls of metal containers or the reaction of fats with oxygen in the air to produce rancidity.
Ionizing radiation can cause the destruction of microorganisms and insects involved in food spoilage or, at lower doses, can inhibit their action.
results vary with types of food, storage conditions, and objectives of treatment -- commonly of the order of 0.2 Mrads but up to about 0.8 Aj.
For irradiation of food, the results obtained depend upon the dose rather than the specific type of radiation, and X-ray, gamma, and high-energy electron radiation are suitable.
What are the possibilities of lowered radiation production costs for the future?
High nutritional value, variety, palatability, and appetizing appearance are important for reasons of morale.
Of particular interest to the military services is the demonstration that roast pork, after radiosterilization, is superior in palatability to available canned pork products.
Ground meats such as fresh pork sausage and hamburger have a relatively short shelf life under refrigeration, and radiopasteurization might be thought to offer distinctly improved keeping qualities.
The table on page 10 shows costs of canning and freezing meat, and estimated costs for irradiation under certain assumed conditions.
Radiopasteurization has also been successful, and the shelf life of chicken can be extended to a month or more under refrigerated storage as compared with about 10 days for the untreated product.
This, too, is recorded against distance by a repeat run over the same track previously cut.
It can be seen from Fig. 2 that the cutting removal of a coating from its substrate involves pure cohesive failure of the coating.
Why should the "practical adhesion" of a coating as assessed by a knife method change, initially increasing rather rapidly and then decreasing stepwise to very low values as the knife is forced through a coating of increasing thickness?
Af and Af are the thrust forces acting against coating and knife, respectively;
In actual practice, the values most readily amenable to measurement are the cutting force Af and the shear angle Aj.
This signifies that **yc, the rake angle, is no longer a constant to zero film thickness.
Knife friction
The first two forces are directly interrelated and depend upon film thickness, whereas Af is independent of these two and is a constant for a given knife/coating combination.
In the next, the shear plane angle is high, and extends to the inclined work surface.
Yet last year's volume probably topped 100 million lb. and expectations are for a market of 275 million lb. by 1964.
In one outstanding example, Whirlpool Corp. found that by switching to urethane foam insulation, they could increase the storage capacity of gas refrigerators to make them competitive with electric models.
Readers interested in additional information on foams are referred to the Foamed Plastics Chart appearing in the Technical Data section and to the list of references which appears below.
Urethane foams are, basically, reaction products of hydroxyl-rich materials and polyisocyanates (usually tolylene diisocyanate).
the polyether group generally consists of foams produced with polypropylene glycol or polypropylene glycol modified with a triol.
Graph in Fig. 1, p. 392, indicates how the ratio of compressive strength to density varies as the latter is increased or decreased.
Flexural strength:
Processing urethanes
The convoluted sheets can be combined to attain certain cushioning effects mechanically rather than chemically.
In addition, there were difficulties with the flow and spreading of the foam mixture over the mold surface, trouble with lack of gel strength in the rising foam, and problems of splits.
The 160-ml. bath containing the calculated amount of detergent is applied slowly and directly to the running specimen.
Suggested evaluation and classification
The person using these tests must determine which combination of procedures is practical for any specific item in order to evaluate the dimensional changes of textile fabrics or garments after laundering procedures commonly used in the home or commercial laundry.
The wheel (cage) is 20 to 24 inches inside diameter and 20 to 24 inches inside length.
Pressing equipment -- flat-bed press measuring 24 inches by 50 inches or larger.
Soap, neutral chip -- fed. Spec. 566 or Aj.
Knit shrinkage gauge -- consisting of a set of 20 mounting pins set in guides in radial slots (Fig. 1).
Specimens are allowed to reach moisture equilibrium with a standard atmosphere of Af and Af and then laid out without tension on a flat, polished surface, care being taken that the fabric is free from wrinkles or creases.
The specimen of fabric is a rectangle at least 22 by 22 inches, except for cloth narrower than 22 inches, in which case the specimen is the entire width of the fabric.
Each specimen is approximately 16 inches square.
this level will be increased by condensed steam.
-- Run the machine continuously until completion of the test.
High-gain photoelectronic image intensification may be achieved by several methods;
Image intensifiers based upon the multipactor principle appear to hold promise as far as obtainable resolution is concerned.
An electrostatic system suffers generally from image plane curvature leading to defocusing in the peripheral image region if a flat viewing screen (or interstage coupler) is utilized, while a magnetic system requires accurate adjustment of the solenoid, which is heavy and bulky.
The conclusion shall be reached that fiber-coupled, double-stage tubes represent a sensible and practical approach to high-gain image intensification.
For the same reason, the output fiber plate is planoconcave, its exposed flat side permitting contact photography if a permanent record is desired.
Af is standard visibility function.
internal losses (I.L.);
This value may be reduced to 4.6 percent by means of a (very thin) glass layer of index 1.5.
The packing efficiency, F.R., of fiber plates did not receive much attention in the literature, probably as it is high for the larger fibers generally used, until rather recently.
Including the brightness gain Af due to the Af area demagnification, the overall gain of a fiber coupled double stage image intensifier is: Af.
It has been stated previously that a minifying electrostatic system yields a lower resolution than a magnifying system or a system with unity magnification.
Space charge influences will also decrease at increased voltages.
There are thus three components to an optimal design problem: (1)
it is the subject of Chapter 4.
If, however, we are seeking the optimal R-stage policy for a given feed state, only one search for a maximum is required at the final step.
The principle of optimality thus brings a vital organization into the search for the optimal policy of a multistage decision process.
Thus Af denotes the state of the feed to the R-stage process, and Af the state of the product from the last stage.
An optimal policy is an admissible policy Af which maximizes the objective function P.
In finding the optimal R-stage policy from that of Af stages, only the function Af is needed.
A form of objective function that we shall often have occasion to consider is Af.
We can, however, maximize its expected value.
We replace r, the number of the stage from the end of the process, by t, a continuous variable which measures the "distance" of the point considered from the end of the process.
Thus if the gyro and platform-controller combination maintains the platform with zero angular deviation about the **yf axis, the system can be rotated with an angular velocity Af if a torque is supplied to the gyro output axis Aj.
Af is the scale factor of the accelerometer (Af).
This problem usually determines the lower limit of loop gain rather than response time.
One of the most desirable solutions is achieved by the use of a non-linear amplifier for Af.
The system requires some switching of flight equipment circuits.
With integration, the effect of a small acceleration (or small platform tilt angle) can be seen after a time.
For purely inertial navigators, two techniques are available to accomplish the platform heading: Use of external or surveying equipment to establish proper heading;
A precision transit is set up so that it is aligned with respect to true north.
With this situation, it is difficult to sight in on the platform with surveying equipment.
If the drift error is systematic, it can be canceled with a bias circuit which can be arranged and adjusted to supply the required compensating current.
The input axis of the appropriate gyros are parallel to the sensitive direction of the accelerometers.
Since the earth is rotating and the unleveled gyro-stabilized platform is fixed with respect to a reference in space, an observer on the earth will see the platform rotating (with respect to the earth).
Rachel was polite, Scotty indifferent.
"He's all right, Craig", Rachel said.
They lay on his lap, palms up, stiffly motionless, the tapered fingers a little thick at the joints.
They did not speak much.
He rose late and went down in his bathrobe and slippers to have breakfast either alone or with Rachel.
He did not resent their supervision or Virginia's sometimes tiring sympathy.
At these times he felt a kind of pain in his upper chest, but it was an objective pain, in no way different from others in intensity and not different in kind;
Once, sitting at the front window in his parents'room, he saw Kate come out of her house.
Scotty did not mind the doctor's unsmiling teasing as he used to.
He turned unsmilingly to Rachel.
She smoothed the covers on Scotty's bed and picked things up from the floor.
"We've had any number of calls about you.
She seemed to speak to herself.
He did not.
it floated up the stairs.
After a pause, during which he studied Scotty's face as if Scotty were not there and could not study him too, Mr. McKinley would ask the same questions he had asked downstairs.
Mr. McKinley examined everything with critical care, seeking something material to blame for his son's illness.
At the slope's base coils of concertina stretched out of eye range like a wild tangle of children's hoops, stopped simultaneously, weirdly poised as if awaiting the magic of the child's touch to start them all rolling again.
Now he knew that the moment illuminated by the vision on the train would have to be approached.
While most of his beliefs were still unsettled, he knew that he did not believe in killing.
"Be sure the man nearest you is awake.
Ours were kinder than theirs, some said.
Booby traps to fill the head with chunks of metal.
On their right rose the embankment covered with brush and trees.
Clumps of brush that they passed were so many enchained demons straining in anger to tear and gnaw on his bones.
Take that spot over there", he whispered, pointing to a small clump of blackness.
Although the armored vest fitted the upper part of his body snugly, he felt no security.
He sensed something precious in the perilous moment, something akin to the knowledge gained on his bicycle trip through the French countryside, a knowledge imprisoned in speechlessness.
"Wait!
"They are also honest seekers after truth.
The monk who opened the door immediately calmed his worries about his reception: "I speak English", the old man said, "but I do not hear it very well".
The reporters had not yet discovered that this was his hideaway.
You know what I'm talking about.
There'd been a pretty bad incident back at the Marine base.
Do you get the picture of the kind of fellow he was"?
So we hurried over.
"He recommended both of them for the DSM and the Detroit fellow for the Purple Heart, too, for a combat-inflicted wound.
He had not because he was both poor and ambitious.
He was not unmoved.
Like Mrs. Dalloway, with her regrets about Peter Walsh, he had his moments of melancholy over a youth too well spent.
When you disliked or distrusted a man, you should have a reason.
How did you find out about this"?
Boxell did not have the chance to grow up graciously.
What does a monk know about sex"?
And another one comes to me and he says,'Look here, there's a mill in my state employs five thousand people making uniforms for the Navy.
Beyond were industries and factories.
The Deacon Board, headed by a black man named Carlson, had practically taken over as the pastor grew old, and had its way with the support of the Amen corner.
Wilson, on his first Sunday, witnessed this with something like disgust.
Ann Catt was a lonely, devoted soul, never married, conducting a spotless home and devoted to her church, but a perpetual dissenter and born critic.
There was typhoid and malaria.
The deacon of the church, Carlson, was its janitor.
The yards, front and back, were narrow;
He emphasized to the Presiding Elder the plan of giving up the old church and moving across the river.
The very proposition was sacrilege.
When a city has arranged things like this you cannot easily change them.
She said, "My dear, do you know what Kent House is"?
And after Wilson had talked to Mrs. Catt and to others, he was absolutely amazed.
Payne dismounted in Madison Place and handed the reins to Herold.
Before Payne loomed the Old Clubhouse, Seward's home, where Key had once been killed.
He pushed his way inside.
Everything would be all right.
Young Frederick Seward held out his hand.
Reversing it, he smashed the butt down on Frederick Seward's head, over and over again.
A knife would do.
There was a lady there, in a nightdress.
Somewhere in the fog, the nigger boy was still yelling murder.
After some time he came to an open field.
Acting soothed him.
Wilkes was quite right about one thing.
At the end of the monologue the audience would applaud.
Booth had delivered his line.
The play for Saturday night was to be a benefit performance of The Octoroon.
That absence of an urgent self-indulgence dashed them awake like a pail of water.
In Washington City everyone lived in a bubble of plots, and one death might attract another.
As usual, Mrs. Lincoln had lost her head, but nobody blamed her for doing so now.
Katie reared a third time, then, trembling, descended.
Again Katie reared, and now, wickedly, he compelled her to bring her hooves down again and again upon the sprawled figure of the stranger.
He was frightened;
He had been dreaming.
Startled him awake.
Bong!
"I know, Stephen", she smiled.
the Catholic Saint Mary's Church, with an even taller steeple and a cross on top, stood on Ball Street.
His being and His will -- Stevie could not divide God from his Papa -- illumined every parish face, turned the choir into a band of angels, and the pulpit into the tollgate to Heaven.
However, a boy's lively eyes might rove.
Stevie flared.
It could never happen as long as God was alert and the Drew steeple stood guard with its peaked lance.
When Papa's slender fingers removed the spectacles, there were red indentations on the bridge of the strong nose.
Papa was disappointed that none of the brothers had heard the Call.
What if it came when he was playing, or was asleep and dreaming?
Thunder crashed;
He would save her.
The pointed shadow had nearly touched him.
Ludie hopped rides on freight cars, and was chased by Mr. Yankton, the railroad guard.
He crossed the tracks to Delaware House, where ladies in gay dresses and men in straw boaters and waxed mustaches crowded the verandah.
That's how it should be.
Fresh, warm, sweet and juicy, sweet lovin sixteen, she was.
What I have to put up with!
"I soon came back to my senses", he said, aloud, to the young blizzard, proudly, drawing himself up, as if making a report to some important superior.
Maybe they'll stop it now, once for all.
One of his favorites: "Guitar Boogie".
It came up again and again in the discussion sessions.
One day, Ching had told him (smiling, patting him on the back) as they walked to the weekly conference of squad leaders, "Keep it up, your squad is good, one of the best, keep it up, keep up the good work".
It was as if it had been done.
He fought it, seeking to kill the last few words, but on they came out.
Stroked him, snaked all through him, the lyrics lifted him, took him from one magic isle to another, stopping briefly at each Brandon.
He oughta know.
Why Slater?
A gnawing and gnashing within him.
Maybe they already got them.
That was all.
Less bull the more you can do with em.
See, he's already snapping it up, the dumb jerk.
Finnegan woke up.
How?
A voice pleaded.
Who did?
The waves breakin in on you and your girl at night there on the warm beach in the moonlight.
The log was spinning.
But while the two men are riding into the country, where they are going to dinner, they are attacked in the dark of the forest by a band of thieves, who strip them of everything, including most of their clothes.
The chief, annoyed by these questions, knocks Voltaire down and shouts at him that he not only never went to any school, but never even learned how to read.
How could the rich, for whom life was made so simple, ever understand the subterfuges, the lies, the frauds, the errors, sins and even crimes to which the poor were driven in their efforts to overcome the great advantages the rich had in the race of life?
He was really amazed to discover the other guests so excited about these delicate little songs.
Oh, the irony and the bitterness of it!
The fault was Rameau's and that of the whole culture of this Parisian age.
Rousseau was aware that he must seem like a hypocrite, standing there and arguing that he could not possibly permit a public performance.
Rousseau agreed.
Afraid at one and the same time that his work might be turned down -- which would be a blow to his pride even though no one knew he was the author -- and that the work would be accepted, and then that his violent feelings in the matter would certainly betray how deeply concerned he was in spite of himself.
But I said I would first have to get the author's permission.
The furor was such that people who could not possibly have squirmed their way into the rehearsals were pretending that they were intimate with the whole affair and that it would be sensational.
"Who is going to stop me"?
"And even more right.
That's the fashion.
Before the King?
That's understandable, and I appreciate the sentiment.
I put a lot more trust in my two legs than in the gun, because the most important thing I had learned about war was that you could run away and survive to talk about it.
for what had happened on the common was only terror and flight;
They marched with bayonets fixed, and as fixed on their faces was anger, fear, and torment.
the next, a cloud of gun smoke covered a screaming fury of sound, out of which the redcoat soldiers emerged with their bayonets and their cursing fury.
We tumbled to a stop in Deacon Gordon's cow hole, a low-lying bit of pasture with a muddy pool of water in its middle.
and about a mile to the west a cluster of at least fifty Militia were making their way in our direction.
That settled it, and we broke into parties of two and three.
Cousin Simmons grabbed one of them by the shoulder and flung him away.
Plunking themselves down on the front bench, they turned to smirk at those around them.
I say to you that the Church will ever decry evil"!
Philibert Berthelier, the son of the famous patriot, disagreed.
The canons, in a body, had tried to force him on his deathbed to let them give him the last rites of the Church, but he had died still proclaiming salvation by faith.
The white-clad trees stood like specters in the February night.
Quickening his steps, John entered the vast church and climbed the tower steps to the bells.
Sleep was difficult these days.
His easy good looks made him a favorite with the ladies.
Unless the confusion cleared, he would not be coming here much longer.
I came to warn you of a plot"!
You know the law: if you lose the debate after accepting a challenge, you will be banished"!
John sighed.
"Monsieur Favre indicated that if I would co-operate, after you and William are banished, following the debate, I will be given a place of influence".
"Arianist"!
And another.
Standing in the shelter of the tent -- a rejected hospital tent on which the rain now dripped, no longer drumming -- Adam watched his own hands touch the objects on the improvised counter of boards laid across two beer barrels.
He wondered what expression, as he made that gesture, was on his face.
Beyond that misty gray of the rain, he saw the stretching hutment, low diminutive log cabins, chinked with mud, with doorways a man would have to crouch to get through, with roofs of tenting laid over boughs or boards from hardtack boxes, or fence rails, with cranky chimneys of sticks and dried mud.
He had had the need to understand what life lurked behind the mask of flesh, behind the oath, the banter, the sadness.
Now, Adam, in the gray light of afternoon, stared across at the hut opposite his tent, and thought of Simms Purdew lying in there in the gloom, snoring on his bunk, with the fumes of whisky choking the air.
The drizzle was slacking off now, but the light was grayer.
The figure stopped and one hand was perilously freed from the hamper to scratch the nose.
They called her Mollie the Mutton, and laughed.
Suddenly he thought he might weep.
He did not know.
He was standing there, he thought, in Virginia, in the thickening dusk, in a costly greatcoat that had belonged to another Jew.
He thought of Simms Purdew rising up, fearless in glory.
He saw Mose squatting by the hearth, breaking up hardtack into a pan.
"Chicken", Mose said, and theatrically licked his lips.
It is salt po'k.
Adam shook his head.
Amy walked -- making it halfway across the cottage floor.
She envied him.
Tuesday
I'm honey only to my husband, understand"?
She was the only kind of Negro Laura Andrus would want around: independent, unservile, probably charging double what ordinary maids did for housework -- and doubly efficient.
"Sleep well"?
We can expect more of the same.
McFeeley told the parents he would escort them to police headquarters in a half hour.
He did not see Sparling, or DeGroot, or Ringel, or any of the feverish crew that had so harassed him twelve hours ago.
It was amazing how they had herded together for protection: an enormous matriarch in a quilted silk wrapper, rising from the breakfast table;
Studying them, McFeeley could not help make comparison with the Andrus couple.
Emerson the previous day.
The man wore a vest and a tie, the woman had on a dark green dress and three strands of pearls.
"Finally, all I needed was to throw a little piece of red wood that looked like a firecracker and that dumb dog would run ki-yi-ing for his life".
a tiny cake of ice.
Eugene put a spoonful of powdered coffee into his cup and then filled it with hot water.
Eugene told him and he promptly forgot.
The telephone was in the study but the ringing came from the hall.
Then came their bathroom, and then a bedroom that, judging by the photographs on the walls, must belong to Mme Cestre.
One of the drawing-room shutters was partly open and he made out the shapes of chairs and sofas, which seemed to be upholstered in brown or russet velvet.
Besides, the records were dusty.
The suitcases had come while they were out, and had been put in their room, the concierge said.
They had lunch at a sidewalk cafe overlooking the intersection of two broad, busy, unpicturesque streets, and coming home they got lost in the Metro;
"Well, this is France, after all".
They were damp.
"What boat"?
"I don't think it was that, really".
He brought with him a mixture of myrrh and aloes, of about a hundred pounds'weight.
Those who saw his finished Pieta would take the place of the biblical witnesses.
Jesus'inert body would be passive, his eyes closed.
In particular he sought the gentle, sweet-faced nuns, with head coverings and veils coming to the middle of their foreheads, remembering their expressions until he reached home and set them down on paper.
The Jewish section was in Trastevere, near the Tiber at the church of San Francesco a Ripa.
That is why our creative people give their time to literature, not to painting or sculpture".
"What kind of models would you prefer"?
Sangallo studied the drawings and improvised a trestle couch.
Mary presented quite a different problem.
He drew toward the composite design from his meticulously accurate memory, without need to consult his sketches.
When carving he was charged with spontaneous energy;
"You're too clean.
The boy was becoming acquainted with the contadini families that brought produce into Rome.
He assumed he could blink the splinter out.
Beth was very still and her breath came in small jerking gasps.
"It always comes in threes", she sighed heavily.
She had nothing left but her duty to his land and his son.
Uncle Randolph and Joel had replanted the bottom lands with difficulty, for more of the slaves, including Annie, had sneaked off when the soldiers broke camp.
"Not this old fox", chuckled Uncle Randolph.
What he was about became clear to her with the circulation of another broadside proclamation by General McClellan, threatening reprisals against Rebel guerrillas.
He helped Kate and Juanita enlarge the flower garden in the side yard, where they sometimes sat in the still evenings watching the last fat bees working against the summer's purple dusk.
The Federals is making everybody take the oath of loyalty around these parts too", he crowed.
"All dey know down dere is it were at Manassas Junction and it were a big fight", the old man told them.
Were they to be insulted again because of the South's great victory?
"It was a terrible loss to me", said Kate quietly, feeling the pain twist again at the mention, knowing now that Juanita must have written to him at Grafton.
Would you permit Juanita to walk about the grounds with me for a short spell, Mrs. Lattimer"?
"I could go with him.
Anita put out the remaining candles with a long snuffer, and in the smell of scented candlewick, the comforting awareness of each other's bodies, the retained pattern of dancers and guests remembered, their minds grew numb and then empty of images.
I say, where is everyone?
He had ridden hard from Boston, and he was not used to horseback.
A mist was walking on the water, white as cotton, but with a blending and merging grace.
Black strips of skin hung from it.
It was thickly settled by fifteen thousand citizens and laid out into pig-infested streets, mostly around the Battery, going bravely north to Wall Street, but giving up and becoming fields and farms in the region of Harlem Heights.
The larger ships were near Paulus Hook, already being called, by a few, Jersey City.
Below in the open bay facing Manhattan was Staten Island, gritty with clam shells and mud flats behind which nested farms, cattle barns, and berry thickets.
The wraith-like events of the last few days flooded David's mind and he rubbed his unshaved chin and felt again the ache in his kidneys caused by his saddle odyssey from Boston.
There would be great need soon for his skill as surgeon, but somehow he had not planned to use his knowledge merely for war.
Injury and ingratitude would occur.
He drove sensual patterns off, carefully shaving his long upper lip.
he did not have to hurry it by thinking too much.
Andrei remembered that his own reaction had been one of indifference.
Beyond the forest all our paths merge into a single great highway which ends in the barren, eroded hills of Judea.
Warsaw is my city, not Tel Aviv".
Day by day, week by week, month by month, the betrayal gnawed at Andrei's heart.
At a siding, another train which was a familiar sight these days.
From the moment of the occupation Lublin became a focal point.
Plans went in and out of Lublin, indicating German confusion.
What was happening in Majdanek?
Styka sat beside him and pumped his hand excitedly.
"When that woman found me and told me that you needed me I was never so happy since before the war".
Many times I tried to reach you, but I never knew how.
"Ten thousand zlotys".
Perhaps if they know the story there will be a massive cry of indignation".
Hell, sir.
"I have sat many hours with this, Styka.
Grabski's shanty was beyond the bridge over the River Bystrzyca near the rail center.
"My cousin works at the Labor Bureau.
Nothing there but Jews".
Andrei and Styka were silent.
I was crazy about her all over again.
I hate it".
Suddenly she was very mysterious and dramatic.
She was still laughing when I grabbed her and started rolling her on the bed.
I stiffened.
"And don't either of you forget that I'm not any man's property.
I didn't even have the nerve to call her on the telephone.
And there I was shacked up with Eileen in that filthy fourth floor attic on Hudson Street.
To be on the safe side I never let Eileen get out of my sight day or night.
Now and then he would disappear for several days.
Eileen seemed to feel the same way.
Now Pat may have been a lecher and a plugugly, but he was a good churchgoing Catholic and he loved his little sister.
It just about blew us both out of the water when Eileen suddenly came out with what she came out with.
A friend of Pat's named Frank Sposato had just muscled into the Portwatchers'Union.
With my gray hair and my weatherbeaten countenance I certainly looked the honest working stiff.
But perhaps this was a part of the eternal plan, that man's ambition when linked with God would be a driving, indefatigable force for good in the world.
He was to get involved in no arguments;
Hino talked very little about himself except for the infrequent times when he used a personal illustration in connection with another subject.
He was surprised to find Kayabashi's secretary on the other end of the line.
"All right", Rector said.
For the oyabun to make such a trip was either a sign of great weakness or an indication of equally great confidence, and from all the available information it was probably the latter.
"How many pamphlets do we have in stock"?
"How many children do you have present today"?
Mavis smiled.
He said.
He said he could do it.
She concluded by asking him to name another hour should this one be inconvenient.
Have you any objection to the following plan?
She sang him Scott's charming ballad "Rosabelle", which was the vogue of the moment.
Alas, all that belonged to the age of "Devil Dashwood" and "Wicked Wilkes", abbot and beadsman of the Order!
And while her Adonis did not suffer from inexperience, satiety might well be an equal handicap.
"Seems to me last time I was here the grate bellowed out smoke as it might have been preparing us for hell".
"The gods seemed to think sex pretty important", she rebutted.
For a moment she thought of answering with the truth but she knew there were men who shied away from virginity, who demanded some degree of education in body as well as mind.
His hand went to her shoulder and pushed aside the knotted scarf that surmounted the striped poplin gown;
When Claire returned to Bishopsgate she longed to tell them she had become Byron's mistress.
"I mustn't tell, I mustn't tell", she repeated to herself.
Neither acknowledged the gift.
What about that dear, clever Mr. Thynne?
On all sides doors were being slammed in his face.
Despite his yearning, the colonel would not go down to see the men come through the lines.
This is no damned holiday, Beckworth.
A crude ladder ran down to a wooden floor.
Someone had hauled him over the side, and he had remained silent while they crossed.
The men he would take back across the river stood there, but he turned away from them.
-- Yes, sir.
What in the name of God was he doing, crouched in a timbered pit on the wrong bank of the river?
To tell John something he would find out for himself.
The flat-bottomed boat swung slowly to the pull of the current.
The Union soldiers grounded arms and settled into healthy, indifferent postures to watch the feeble boarding of the skiffs.
He stalked into the water and fell heavily over the side of the flat-bottomed barge, his weight nearly swamping the craft.
Would the man make it or not?
They spun and flung their rifles up.
Two clotted balls the color of mucus rolled between fiery lids.
-- Not far.
Watson stumbled down the bank.
We're almost there.
He stood with his back to the skiff.
In war, on a night like this, it was only the outward emotions that mattered, what could be flung out into the darkness to damage others.
What words had any meaning?
He believed that brave boys didn't cry.
It bulks under a veil of thin, new grass, like some embarrassing fact of physicalness, and I think Mrs. Pastern set out the statuary to soften its meaning.
He was marching up and down the locker room of the Grassy Brae Golf Club shouting, "Bomb Cuba!
It was the day to canvass for infectious hepatitis.
Mrs. Hewlitt led the birthcontrol league, Mrs. Ryerson was arthritis, and way in the distance could be seen the slate roof of Ethel Littleton's house, a roof that signified gout.
She stayed too late, and when she left, it was dark and time to go home and cook supper for her husband.
Turning in at the Flannagans'driveway, he tried to remember if he had ever met them.
"And I am not sure that I have any cash -- any money, that is -- but if you will wait just a minute I will write you out a check if I can find my checkbook.
"What train does Mr. Flannagan come out on"?
She described herself and her circumstances unhesitatingly.
"I've seen you walking your dogs on Sunday and driving by in the convertible.
"I've never done this before", they always said, shaking their dresses down over their white shoulders.
"He came home unexpectedly".
Then he played nine imaginary holes of golf, choosing his handicap, his irons, his stance, his opponents, and his weather in detail, but the green of the links seemed faded in the light of his business worries.
that aside from due notification of certain major events in their lives (two marriages, two births, one divorce), Christmas and Easter cards of the traditional sort had been the only thin link she had with them through the widowed years.
I should be obliged if you could make other arrangements for your daughters.
"That will be so nice for you, Mrs. Packard", she said.
Abel"?
When the fate of the individual is visited on the group, then (the warm sweet butter dripped from her raised trembling fork and she pushed her head forward belligerently), ah, then the true bitterness of existence could be tasted.
She thought again of her children, those two who had died young, before the later science which might have saved them could attach even a label to their separate malignancies.
Abel sat and regarded the farm country which, spreading out from both sides of the road, rolled greenly up to where the silent white houses and long barns and silos nested into the tilled fields.
The small car flew on relentlessly.
The vacation traffic was becoming heavier as they approached the sea.
It was barely possible that his brother was right.
The two of them had developed into a remarkable sailing team all of this happening in a time of their lives when their youth and their brotherhood knitted them together as no other time or circumstance could.
I decided I hated the Pedersen kid too, dying in our kitchen while I was away where I couldn't watch, dying just to entertain Hans and making me go up snapping steps and down a drafty hall, Pa lumped under the covers at the end like dung covered with snow, snoring and whistling.
He was a cagey sonofabitch.
Pa was on his side, looking at me, his eyes winking, the hand that had hit me a fist in the pillow.
Get out of here".
It's the Pedersen kid.
The Pedersen kid.
And don't come back.
He had long black hairs on his wrist.
He was about to get up so I got out, slamming the door.
I heard Pa cursing all the way downstairs.
"Don't be smart.
Take the axe.
"Well he don't.
Not the kid neither".
"Yes, Hans, if they're needed", Ma said.
He was awful angry because he'd thought Ma was going to do something big, something heroic even, especially for her I know him I know him we felt the same sometimes while Ma wasn't thinking about that at all, not anything like that.
Pa had a knack for hiding.
It was all the pride he had.
Heat's bad for frostbite.
I didn't want to touch him and I hoped Ma would do it but she kept looking at the kid's clothes piled on the floor and the pool of water by them and didn't make any move to.
"Hold his head up.
"Well Jesus".
There was never a doubt any more how his structures would be received;
Everywhere else his ideas lay or hung in visible form: his models, drawings, ten-foot canvases in monochromes from his painting days, and underfoot a windfall of broken-backed books that looked as though their insides had been ransacked by a maniac.
He would wear this same costume in Florida, despite his wife Cleota's reminders over the past five days that he must take some cool clothes with him.
Whenever he laughed it was all he was doing.
But he did not notice, and was already backing the car down to the road, saying "Toot-toot"!
She enjoyed great parties when she would sit up talking and dancing and drinking all night, but it always seemed to her that being alone, especially alone in her house, was the realest part of life.
She went into the living room and turned on three lamps, then back into the kitchen where she turned on the ceiling light and the switch that lit the floods on the barn, illuminating the driveway.
And there was still not anything that Linda Kay could do.
Not that she complained, or had any cause to.
When Linda Kay had put up her breakfast dishes and mopped her linoleum rugs, she would go to the Big House.
so that the rest of the house stayed open, though there was a question as to whether it was hotter or cooler that way.
"Cousin Howard"!
Howard (the thick middle-aged man) was looking at her.
We didn't expect him to come along;
"Gosh, I don't know.
"Did he ever visit here when he was a kid"?
Driving along the caliche-topped road to town, Howard talked.
Then he told Linda Kay about himself.
I want to roast the whole thing, and have it for the boys".
After they had left, some of the people moved around, to find more comfortable places to sit.
He had sold oil stock to Bob Hope and Bing Crosby in person;
There was little enough time to contemplate them, however;
But after the doctor's return that night Alex could see, from the high window in his own room, the now familiar figure crouched on a truly impressive heap of towels, apparently giving its egg-hatching powers one final chance before it was replaced in its office by a sure-enough hen.
he had found his fowl.
"Vous voulez vos petits dejeuners tout de suite alors"?
The hen appeared to have no doubts as to her duties and was quick to settle down to the performance of them.
The doctor instantly asked.
The hall was empty and Alex beckoned;
they listened and suddenly a step towards the door announced another important fact.
Next, the hen was nested and all seemed well.
You in this house", he always told her.
"This is moving day", Winston reminded her, "and I bet you left things every which way upstairs, your clothes all over the floor and the bed not made.
"To Be Left Behind" was printed at the top in Miss Ada;
"I don't want to leave here, Winston".
I mean our children".
-- and flounced to the sink, where she began noisily to wash her hands.
it was something to do with her back, the thinness of it, and the quick, jerky way she bent.
"This coat looks like a rag heap".
he wore his clothes with style.
Then he looked at his finger, at the wrinkled, heavy knuckle and the thick nail he used like a knife to pry up, slit, and open.
Still, he had liked the way she had looked, in a fresh, neat cotton dress -- citron yellow, if he remembered.
Somehow Winston didn't think she'd take to window boxes.
Miss Ada was looking fine;
Neither of them trusted the movers.
And it was his main present!
"You know what she likes, Winston", he had said wearily, one evening in November when Winston was pulling off his overshoes.
Winston had heard her shaking out the skirt of her new pink silk hostess gown.
"Not a line, not a wrinkle.
"No.
My parents'welcoming arms would seem woeful, inadequate, unwanted.
The night after reading her letter about her surgeon uncle -- it must have been late in September -- I had a vision of myself returned in ragged uniform from The Front, nearly dying, my head bandaged and blooded, and Jessica bending over me, the power of her love bringing me back to life.
It made her look sweet and schoolgirlish, I was excited to be with her, but I did not know how to express it.
Among my school and neighborhood friends, during the next months, I bragged and swaggered and pompously described my impending date.
but the letter went on: she had cried, she had implored, she had been miserable at his refusal, and finally he had relented -- and now how happy she was, how expectant!
Hatless, in an overcoat of rough blue wool, I was given a proud farewell by my mother and father, and I set out into the strangely still streets of Brooklyn.
How did one join them?
I felt for my wallet.
There were thirty-eight patients on the bus the morning I left for Hanover, most of them disturbed and hallucinating.
This had worried her.
Were you in love with that girl"?
"Oh, yes", I said, feeling annoyed, "she was very pretty.
"Why didn't you"?
Nurses'training here doesn't cost anything.
Aunt Mary died when I was doing my military service.
"Your dad sounds like a good father and a good policeman.
"There are things about me that I can't tell you now, Mary Jane", I said, "but if you'll go out to dinner with me when I get out of Hanover, I'd like to tell you the whole story.
I knew that.
Perhaps this was reality and Dale Nelson, the actor, was delusion;
We opened on Friday and closed the following Monday.
It suddenly occurred to me that I did not particularly like acting, that I was at some sort of crossroads and would have to decide soon what I was going to do with my life.
I'm calling you, Mr. Nelson, at the request of Mr. Phillip Wycoff.
I laid a tenspot on the bar and motioned to the bartender to serve a round.
I was giving the parked cars the once-over.
He consulted the parking ticket, then looked at a notation and said, "You're in the third row back toward the rear.
After a while, however, a person's mind gets fed up and that magnifies all of the disagreeable physical symptoms which go with that sort of an assignment.
I have a couple of them I'm figuring on;
Regulars drive out their own cars".
I was held up a bit trying to make a left turn.
After a while the signal became a buzz and I knew he was behind me.
His signal was coming loud and clear and then all of a sudden it turned to a buzz.
He had written out the license number of his car but had transposed the last two figures, an old dodge which is still good.
"I don't think so".
"Thank you", I told her.
It's one thing to go without food when you're occupied with some work or when you're simply postponing a meal, but when you're dependent on someone else and know that you can't eat until he's bedded down for the night, hunger can be a gnawing torture.
There's lots of time left".
I didn't turn it off".
"Diets can be terrible", the girl said.
"-- second building on the right".
At the door, Dave paused to feel for the latch.
There was a small sideboard with some empty beer bottles on it and perhaps fifteen wooden chairs.
The fat man removed his apron, put on a greasy and wrinkled jacket, and zipped it over his paunch.
He said, "Grosse?
"Stupid fools -- ain't got enough brains between the two of you" --
"Why does everything have to happen to me"?
"She don't know nothing about them cars.
The fat man winced.
"What the hell do I care what you do with her all day?
Suddenly he grinned.
And I ain't going back there on account of one lousy kid".
She smiled at him wetly.
He looked in her direction but he didn't answer.
He said, "I only work here".
Something wet and hot was trickling on her wrists.
And what would her mother be doing right now?
He inserted the car key in the lock.
Walk.
Marty recognized the man.
He asked, keeping his voice casual.
Yet the men all moved at the same instant.
Perhaps she would be glad that they hadn't hurt him.
And Jarrodsville was more than three miles away, down an old dirt road that the rain had turned into a quagmire.
They were staring at him in the same blank and menacing way that the men outside the gate had stared.
Marty wished these poor farm people would turn their backs.
It had headed back toward Jarrodsville.
When the two cars were equidistant from him, the station wagon started up again and the Ford gathered speed.
They would be coming for him next, bearing down on him from both directions.
He would go in there, climb through the window, and at least be safe for a little while and able to rest.
He lost all sense of dignity.
The Plymouth was coming at him from the east, the pickup truck from the west.
When the Plymouth neared, it veered toward him and seemed about to run him down.
He was going to make it, he told himself.
He staggered into the back seat and lay back, fighting for breath.
The sheriff was occupied with maneuvering the car around in a very narrow space.
Want to try and meet him there"?
We've got one other call to make before I meet Alvarez".
"A lady.
"That story of hers about an unsigned note directing her to be there tonight sounds completely phony.
Shayne got in the left-hand lane and cut across the Boulevard divider.
"It was back there.
I got a quick look at their faces as we went past.
"A stake-out, I suppose.
They've got no official standing on this side of the Bay.
He was standing at the end of the bar enjoying a slug of cognac when Rourke came in six or eight minutes later.
Just say that a couple of drunks are having a hell of a fight down the street, and they better send a patrol car.
He turned away and returned in a moment with a pint of brandy in a small paper sack which he slid over the counter to Shayne.
He tugged the brim of his hat low as he approached, stepped out into the street just behind the car and strode around to the right-hand side.
He got the pint of liquor out of his pocket and unscrewed the top, sprinkled the pungent stuff liberally over both men, and then tossed the open bottle in on the front seat.
They went up onto a front porch and into a small hallway where a dim bulb burned high in the ceiling.
Then he heard it, like a muffled thud, felt a subtle change in air pressure.
Mickey's eyes fixed on the other's feet, which would first betray the moment and direction of an attack.
He was invulnerable to attack, but he could be handled, Mickey knew, if he could be brought to make the first move.
Mickey backed off again and Roberts hesitated, then came along.
Ducking, Mickey tripped and fell to one side, landing heavily on the wood floor.
The sound of his head striking the solid wood was an ultimate, sudden-end sound.
Actually it was no more than eight or ten minutes, and the sum of his reasoning came to this:
Only me.
He set Roberts'suitcase near the front door, went outside and walked back to the garage.
The body was heavier than he had anticipated.
He tossed the bag into the pit and watched dry dust spray up around it.
It would be a bad place to die.
The body lay in an awkward sprawl twelve or fifteen feet below the level of the tunnel floor.
He went back once more to the Jeep and started the short drive to the hotel.
The maid answered and he decided Nancy must be at work.
Instead of the usual straggling privet hedges and patches of bare dirt in most small-town squares, the building was hemmed in by a semitropical growth of camellias and azaleas and a smooth lawn the improbably bright-green shade of florist's grass.
It'll be a tedious job, but if you want to try it, the old newspaper files are in the basement here in the county supervisor's office".
She'd also remember if the groom died later".
Well, I do remember one.
"Now how in hell would I remember that"?
She asked with a reportorial gleam in her eye.
"I'll just leave the door open.
A metal table and four chairs stood in the center.
An old weakness for burrowing in records rose up to tempt him.
At last he found it in the paper of April 2.
He found it in the edition of May 15.
He jumped up and turned around to see the metal door closing.
And even if he'd somehow missed seeing him, he wouldn't have gone off and left the light on and door open in the file room.
Except for those minutes in her room, he had lost touch with her as a reality.
"Time", said Angie, and he smiled very sweet and slow at Mr. Skyros.
Really he had Mr. Skyros at bay
Mr. Skyros did not at all like the look on Angelo's regular-featured, almost girlishly good-looking face -- or indeed anything about Angelo.
I can't wait no two weeks".
If Mr. Skyros had dreamed of all the trouble that young man would eventually cause --
I tell you, I know how it is with you, my friend, I sympathize, and I'll make it a special point -- a special favor -- get in touch, and get some stuff just for you.
Or maybe I call you -- tonight?
Never mind how much I cut it, how much I get", and he smiled his sleepy smile again.
After this deal with the Bouvardier woman went through.
And, Here, I'll take this, I was before her, you wait on me now or I don't bother with it, see!
She'd say she didn't feel good on Sunday, couldn't go to church -- there'd be a little argument, but she could be stubborn -- and when the old woman had gone, quick pack the things she'd need to take, all but the dress she'd wear Monday, and take the bag down to that place in the station where you could put things in a locker overnight, for a dime.
smarter, and wear different kinds of clothes -- she'd be Katharine Ross, just what that sounded like.
It was going to be another hot day;
He asked her severely.
She lost her beau to you".
coffee.
It's just like that book your Northern friend wrote -- except there aren't any ice floes to cross and no bloodhounds".
She had quarreled with Lucien, she had resisted his demands for money -- and if she died, by the provisions of her marriage contract, Lucien would inherit legally not only the immediate sum of gold under the floorboards in the office, but later, when the war was over, her father's entire estate.
It was not very reasonable to believe that Lucien had procured unprocurable opium and come back to Honotassa with a formed plan to murder her.
The opium had disappeared before Emile's death and whoever shot him could not by any stretch of the imagination have foreseen Sarah's own doubts and suspicions -- and questions.
She dressed and the accustomed routine restored to her a sense of normal everyday life.
there was no point in locking it up in the armoire now, it was like locking the barn after the horse was stolen.
"Not much breakfast this morning.
Glendora dropped a chicken and a flurry of feathers, and went with her through the drizzle, to the storehouse.
"Can't you possibly imagine what life is going to be like, here"?
Maude was neither hysterical nor silly and Sarah rather doubted if she had ever been childish.
George said, "First thing I do when I get to Vicksburg again, is get me a Yankee" --
He turned to George and Lolotte.
Her words jumbled together and she all but ran from the office and from the question in Rev's face.
She paused at the kitchen door, caught her breath, told herself firmly that the opium was only an attempt to frighten her and went into the kitchen, where Glendora was eyeing the chickens dismally and Maude was cleaning lamp chimneys.
"Maybe there isn't.
"What a stinking world", Rourke said.
I just don't want to go off half-cocked before picking up Black, that's all".
"Remember to tell that to the next corpse you meet".
He stopped automatically at the street corners, waiting for the traffic lights to change, unheeding of other people, his coat open and flapping.
Whoever he was and your wife were intimate.
Kitti had come along to justify everything.
Gilborn passed by him without seeing him.
Who?
The bed still showed signs of where Kitti had lain.
He could think of no answer.
She wondered whether Stanley would call.
He wasn't like so many other men.
When he left, she knew she would never see him again.
She was thirty-one years old then.
Unquestionably, Blanche loved Stanley.
Stanley had gone out, saying he would be back in an hour.
For exactly one week, she was able to continue in this manner.
He demonstrated by playing an imaginary piano, doing a staccato passage with a broadly exaggerated attack.
Felix was the exception.
Defining sobriety in the limited sense of being free from the clinical symptoms of the effects of alcohol ingested and not yet eliminated from the system, you are sober.
"Got the upstairs guy", he bellows.
He, of course, must have been equally unprepared for what confronted him, but, nonetheless, I did find his reaction startling.
His hair had receded most of the way to the back of his neck.
Dark gray sports jacket, lighter gray slacks, pink flannel shirt, black silk necktie.
"You always live up to your name, always like this, always making happy"?
"You live in the present"?
This was more than joy.
Since it is important, for the record let's have the full name".
Obligingly Gibby lowered his voice.
We followed him up the stairs.
He quickly fixed that, rolling back the shades on some of the skylights and adjusting screens on the others.
The equipment was solid and heavy and in good condition.
Presumably the same sun was shining upon little Drew also, and those who had kidnapped him.
"Our own people.
"She expecting me to"?
What remained lacked the original verve but it was at least dignified, as befitting the tragic circumstances.
El Dorado was surrounded by a mob.
Backstage was tomblike by contrast.
Andy told him, "Bake, I wish you'd talk to Skolman, see if some kind of p. a. system can be rigged up outside.
"What about them"?
"Sure, I know.
I can hardly wait".
Bake and Shirl Winter, on separate telephones, could not reach him at any conceivable location in Los Angeles, nor could they secure any clear-cut information regarding his efforts.
We got a bunch of sippers out there tonight.
Andy passed into the corridor, their "good lucks"!
Twenty-four hours had changed him from a performer to a freak.
Vecchio was nodding and pointing at the large suitcase he held.
Having no choice, he plunged into it, anyway, holding onto the microphone for support.
Otherwise, the silence was complete.
Do you know what they think of me"?
"I got it, Andy.
Andy had no desire to linger himself but Hub reported that the mob outside was still large despite the efforts of the police to disperse them.
under the scraggly brows the pale old eyes burned with a bitter memory.
"You sound like an old woman.
She walked restlessly across the room, then back to the windows.
Mr. Crosson's been on everybody's neck, an order he expected didn't come through and he's" --
the teeth that shone into the phone were like a shark's.
He doesn't expect you until five".
He got his hat out of the closet.
He tried to ignore what his own common sense told him, but it wasn't possible;
It hadn't amounted to anything.
Like this murder.
He drove, and the road wobbled, familiar scenes crept past on either side.
Holden stepped on the gas.
What was that old sign, supposed to be painted over a door somewhere, Abandon hope, all ye who enter here?
If Ferguson's car had been in sight, Holden would have walked directly to it.
She had caught him off guard, no preparation, nothing certain but that ahead lay some kind of disaster.
"They were all faded.
She took another bite of toast.
When he had finished with that, he would go to another part of the hotel and say much the same things to someone else, most probably a busboy.
he had been at the Dumont for almost a week.
The King Arthur offered respectable and convenient lodgings to people from the suburbs who wanted to see a show and didn't want -- heaven knew didn't want!
It is dull business, detecting, and hard on feet.
But nothing, it appeared, long enough to attract attention.
A refuse bin at the Dumont turned up a florist's box -- a very long box for very long-stemmed flowers.
There had also been a man who must have had St. Vitus or something, because he kept jerking his head.
Sort out the next move.
had been seen to leave.
Faith Constable had had to "go on" from the party and had, presumably, gone on.
Lauren herself?
(Call it mentally young;
Motive.
Mullins would do.
He would have to be given the opportunity.
Pamela North said, "Hi", to her cats, and added that proper cats met their humans at the door.
Martha presumably would cope.
-- of a rifle and killed?
I ought to remember.
Not unless they have to.
And it makes a very poor red herring for an inside job.
At last he said, "Well, thank you for calling, Mr. Benson.
Trachea clear of mucus and foreign objects.
"Not your problem, of course, unless Johnston and the murderer are one and the same".
If Arthur Williams was involved in the fraud or the murder, then he too had another identity.
He had lunch with Pauling.
Madden regretted not being able to find fault with so true a statement.
particularly the scholarship fund.
With her sharp tongue she'd have cut his pompousness to ribbons.
to Brian Thayer, the sum of ten thousand dollars;
Arthur Williams's might well have been included, he felt.
There was an annual audit, Garth informed him.
The whole thing, his manner conveyed, was so far outside the normal routine of Hohlbein and Garth that it practically demanded being swept under the rug.
Brian Thayer had a downtown address.
Thayer folded it up and offered a drink.
Griffith had confronted Hoag on the building's front steps -- Hoag had been permitted no further -- and backed him against a wrought-iron railing.
"Why, I'm not fit to touch the hem of her garment".
Will you call that captain"?
You get back to the captain and tell him this: Somebody's going to take a shot at the prime minister, and Mahzeer is in on the plot.
"So that proves it"!
Hoag grabbed him by the shoulders.
On the second landing he paused to look for Docherty, didn't see him, and accepted a glass of champagne.
They walked toward each other.
Not possible, he thought;
"Would you mind sending him up here?
These were the early departures;
He and the prime minister would be back from the window, seated at Mahzeer's desk;
Where across the street?
But dully glinting on the dark form were the buttons and badge of a policeman.
He quickly closed it again.
all were empty except one, and that one was jammed with letters and magazines.
It had been shut again, but the lock was broken;
he stood with his feet apart on a kitchen table he had dragged to the sill.
After Captain Docherty sent Arleigh Griffith for Hoag he was able to complete his detailed inspection of the third floor and to receive a report from his man covering the floors above before Griffith returned, buoyed up by a brief stop for another glass of champagne.
The lieutenant's sparse brown hair was heavily pomaded, and as Killpath raked the comb through it, it stuck together in thatches so that it looked like umbrella ribs clinging to his pink skull.
The desk before him was in no better repair than the rest of the furniture crowded into the room, including wooden file cabinets with some of their pulls yanked off and a wardrobe stained with the roof seepage of countless seasons.
Makes for confusion and congestion".
The day-watch platoon commander, Lt. Rinker, was calling out the beat assignments, but Matson couldn't make the names mean anything.
Now that's not regulation, is it"?
So I have heard".
Killpath sailed the paper across the desk, but Matson didn't pick it up or even glance at it.
It's too bad I didn't call you, and it's too bad I let Schaeffer use Accacia when he could have had a boy who'd be glad to learn something of Homicide procedure.
"Morning, Lieutenant Rinker".
He just didn't want to talk about it.
Sol Phillips had purchased the Alliance Furniture Mart seventeen years ago.
"I put her in lamps.
An only child, he had done all the things that young men do who have been born to money and social position until his father double-crossed him by dying broke.
"Haven't I, George"?
"I'll have to give it some thought", he said.
As he went out he told Freddie the dinner was perfect, and when he got his hat and coat from Nancy Parks and put a fifty-cent piece in the slot, he told her to be sure that it went toward her dowry.
The wastebasket stood near the wall next to the divan, and the instant Casey picked it up he knew what had happened.
He considered them with brooding eyes, brows bunched as his brain grappled with the problem and tried to find some solution.
"Yeah", he said.
"Who says so"?
Right now, however, he was still too worried about Jerry Burton, and the gun that had no bullets, and the story Burton had told him, to care too much about Tony Calenda.
If that picture gets around and I find out you had anything to do with it, I'm going to send a couple of my boys around to see you".
He had done all he could and that was that.
Finally he went into the bedroom and sat down to take off his shoes.
Some telephoned because he had done them a favor in the past.
Make a 90 degree straight for shore".
She cut the engines and slowly the cruiser swung around on the end of its lines until its bow was pointing into the wind and the cockpit faced toward the shore.
They had all been laughing, joking, when suddenly the engine had failed.
Yet tension existed.
She kicked the locker lid shut and replaced the cushion.
They remained close together, their air trail wiggling like serpents traveling side by side.
But Graham hadn't stumbled on it.
Someday, geologists had warned, the land on both sides of these deeps would fall into the ocean and no more La Jolla or Redondo Beach.
"Any luck"?
Elaine shook her head as she slipped out of her harness, but Poet nodded.
Poet a murderer?
Poet rubbed his arm.
The gun fired next to his ear with a vicious whoosh like the first stroke of an old steam engine.
For a split second, Nick relaxed his grip and Poet's slippery body spun completely around before Nick could stop him, holding him now from the rear.
At once the excruciating pain in his chest stopped and he was seized with a sudden, wild exultation.
Hardly expected the head of County Homicide up for this murder.
In my day the first requirement for a cop was to look like the law, big and tough.
I know the killer, have the only road off the peninsula covered".
"Julia"?
"Yeah, seems you have a nice package, with all the strings tied.
Nellie went on with her house work -- until I found Julia dead.
Doc Abel was busy up front with some of his live patients.
"Sure".
Nellie Harris wasn't old, she was ancient -- a tiny shriveled woman with a face like a tan prune.
Years ago when I asked her to put me in Social Security, so's I wouldn't have to be working now, Miss Julia threatened to fire me -- all because it would mean a few more dollars a year to her".
"Was she on friendly terms with other members of her family"?
In late summer migratory workers lived five and six to a room in these.
Listen, Mr. Inspector, no matter what anybody say, my Tim didn't kill that woman!
I asked a silly question: "You've no idea where your husband could be, now"?
We made it back to the Harbor in less than four minutes.
It wasn't a new boat, about five years old, but fitted with fishing outriggers and chairs.
I waited a few minutes and she sat up.
I want you to go to Pearson City and find out why -- first-hand stuff for your modern crime series.
Once inside, keep your eyes open"!
Soak up local color.
After all, the murderer is still at large.
According to Stacy, she told him she was planning to remarry and she wanted him to ask Forbes for the lump sum.
So was the gun.
"Do you recall the number"?
Alec's face was dark, blunt, and sulky.
"Of course not"!
"I'm with the Syndicated Press, Feature Service.
A thick, crimson carpet muffled every footfall.
The blue rug was suspiciously bright and new.
"Listen, mister.
Alec locked the hall door and put the key with his watch on the bedside table.
In the darkness he could see the rosy reflection of the neon sign on the wall opposite the window.
His heart seemed to swell and knock against the wall of his chest.
The bedsprings betrayed him with a creak.
There was a grunt, curiously inarticulate, like that of an animal in pain.
There was a slight bulge under the left armpit -- a shoulder holster.
He opened his eyes.
The silence was getting on Alec's nerves.
It was in 1814 that Abraham Wharf and his sister sat by a meager fire in their house on Dogtown Common, a desolate place even then.
That's why I beg you not to forget him.
yesterday morning.
There's a different hall-mark on them.
It's perhaps a mile from here where we sit.
Red lived at Lanesville, and from his house he could be up on the Common in a half hour's brisk walk;
As I said, they were both painters.
Why, that's what gave me the feeling, gave me as-it-were the spirit, the demoniac, evil spirit of this whole affair.
He's always like that, in spite of being a big man.
He too asked to see the same page.
But for my presence, they would have been at each others'throats.
I wish you could have seen the crests fall on these two sparring coxcombs when I told them that obviously the pasture belonged to their wives jointly.
You may say this has little pertinence, but, gentlemen, remember that all this prepared my mind, alerted my intelligence.
Oh yes, he'd talked about doing so.
He had no ready answer, as much from surprise as from the fit of coughing.
The stranger, his head seemingly sunk in thought, started to cross the street against the light just as a huge moving van roared through the intersection.
Now he recalled it very clearly, and wondered what the truck driver had seen in those eyes to make him back off.
Haney managed a weak laugh.
It won't cost you a cent, Phil.
The man closed his eyes and nodded.
"Customer"?
Phil shrugged and ignored him.
Nobody witnessed the fall -- just the sickening impact when his body smashed on the pavement just outside the basement delivery entrance.
Really, he said to himself, nobody kills a man just as a favor!
He had already quite forgotten about him.
He began to wish that he hadn't shouted that other evening when the truck bore down through the crossing.
In time, and two drinks later, he was complaining bitterly about his wife, He was on the subject for ten minutes or so when he noticed the renewed interest in his listener -- it showed in the alert face and the suddenly bright eyes.
Pete nodded understandingly.
A retired professional killer If he was just a nut, no harm was done.
His eyes burned feverishly.
"floor level's about three feet down, so don't fall".
I took the pint bottle from my pocket and handed it over as I sat down beside him on the spread blanket.
You can work on this one while I'm gone, kill it if you want".
On the way I gave him the scoop.
I said, "Wait wait" to Charlie and he grinned, digging the reference.
It was a lead pipe cinch.
You hit again about twice that hard before we know whether he's dead or not.
All right, now I'll give you a hand".
"Nothing.
If they'd been working on a bottle or a jug he'd have taken it with him".
They find dead winos every day, maybe they won't even autopsy him for the cause of death".
He might not be found for days, even weeks, otherwise.
Thinking like that can get you into a padded pad.
From here on in, the less Charlie and I were seen together in public, or visited one another's rooms, the better.
It didn't take us as long as we'd thought it might;
I've got a little stashed for a rainy day, and I guess this is rainy enough.
But your friend Manny can go any time".
there was much to grok, loose ends to puzzle over and fit into his growing -- all that he had seen and heard and been at the Archangel Foster Tabernacle (not just cusp when he and Digby had come face to face alone) why Bishop Senator Boone made him warily uneasy, how Miss Dawn Ardent tasted like a water brother when she was not, the smell of goodness he had incompletely grokked in the jumping up and down and wailing --
He had been weary;
"Asleep.
"Let's take it outside.
As for the night being warm, he would have been comfortable naked on Mount Everest but his water brothers had little tolerance for changes in temperature and pressure;
They picnicked by the pool, then lay back on the grass and looked at stars.
plants are being taught to grow".
Yes, I heard it in the news".
"Oh, dear!
"Oh, my!
Now we grow closer".
25.
A Tibetan swami from Palermo, Sicily, announced in Beverly Hills a newly discovered, ancient yoga discipline for ripple breathing which increased both pranha and cosmic attraction between sexes.
Foster listened with angelic patience until Digby ran down, then said, "Listen, junior, you're an angel now -- so forget it.
"You can't touch him.
The Boss wants performance, not gripes.
His household had gone through an upset.
The expense and time involved are astronomical.
"Forgive me, Sandalphon", said Hal.
Was?
If I die, I die because I willed it so.
And it leaves very soon".
"But I have just thought of one thing.
In his great and glorious wisdom, he knew that our enemies the Israelites must not be able to read therein what we planned".
All around the Mediterranean Sea, Asia Minor, northern India, and Tibet, Hebrew was the native tongue.
And, somewhere in that enormous light, was his apartment.
he had a time keeping the tears from welling to his own eyes as he stood in the crowd in the observation dome.
No matter who the candidate for marriage selected by the gapt
But I might have known!
Here they would lie in suspended animation for many years.
Hal Yarrow was among the last to go into the suspensor and among the first to come out.
For one thing, the organs of speech of the Ozagen natives differed somewhat from Earthmen's;
The system of indicating gender varied according to tense.
There was nothing he could do but wait.
You may reclaim your property, and the penalty on Hesperus is lifted.
When it is done between races or nations, it is called making a treaty.
of curiosity;
To this we of course agree".
The history of disarmament agreements, for instance, had been unreassuringly dismal;
In fact, it had to be tried.
The Angels in the nursery were zigzagging wildly in all directions, seemingly at random.
They'll be in range in a short while".
but even more awesome was the fact that it was trailing an enormous comet's-tail of Angels.
The curve on the card the computer spat back at him couldn't be argued with, however.
But it didn't matter now whether he meant to invade the Holy of Holies, or was simply headed in that direction by accident.
But I can't take you to Earth yet.
Always before, it had taken five minutes to --
He didn't say what would cure him;
That cold, empty sky was full of fire and light.
"Some can be lonely in a crowd", Nogol said elaborately.
Ringing the ship.
"I heard a story once about a rookie who got excited when the captain stepped outside and he couldn't get an encephalographic reading on him.
He wasn't likely to come down with hot chills and puzzling striped fever.
Still, it sometimes gives you a creepy feeling to find a rabbit or a snapping turtle on some strange world.
No hands, for one thing.
"The planet is very low in radiation from mineral deposits, and the atmosphere seems to shield out most of the solar output.
But there's one possibility I particularly don't like".
Each man had a bubble to himself, privacy after the long period of enforced intimacy on board the ship.
There was no longer any need to hide.
His body processes only slowed down enough for him to dispell fatigue poisons.
Where the hell did he get off threatening to report any laxness on their part to the captain?
Ekstrohm was startled in the morning by a banging on the hatch of his bubble.
"I don't know.
"Where do you get off, Ryan"?
Now comes this!
"Ryan, there are other explanations for the disappearance of the bodies.
I outweigh you fifty pounds and I'm fast for a big man".
instead of grabbing with hands, she manipulated mechanical extensions.
Most babes survived the techniques of pituitary manipulation that kept their bodies small, eliminating the necessity of transfers from smaller to larger shells.
Most of their original objections about "shells" were overridden by the relief that these hideous (to them) bodies were mercifully concealed.
Her hum became a gurgle of surprise.
Helva asked, politely.
If she could have blushed, she would have.
"Of course".
Therefore to Helva, the problem that she couldn't open her mouth to sing, among other restrictions, did not bother her.
Acquiring a repertoire from the Laboratory library was no problem to one trained to perfect recall.
When she awoke, she was the ship.
As it was, while Central wrangled among itself, Robert Tanner sneaked out of the pilots'barracks, out to the field and over to Helva's slim metal hull.
Always she had had the company of other shells and more recently, technicians by the score.
The many-bodied girl lay near him.
The two women babbled and crooned at him.
He rammed his mind into focus and said to the two ladies who lay pinkly nude beside him in the desert, "That was a good bite.
Mercer smiled at her through his happiness.
He watched his own body with remote, casual interest.
he had.
The half-man woke, recognized Mercer and gave him a healthily sleepy grin.
That's why I think of plays.
You've got the lovelies on the brain.
It might have been several days.
Then there had been another head beside his own.
Sometimes B'dikkat took the new ones, resting in the everlasting sleep of their burned-out brains, in a ground-truck to be added to other herds.
Good luck, fellow".
He staggered back to the group.
"People never live forever".
They could still read the opening: "Once, I was like you, stepping out of my window at the end of day, and letting the winds blow me gently toward the place I lived in.
His plans and dreams had revolved around her so much and for so long that now he felt as if he had nothing.
He had no idea how much time Budd would give him.
Now he saw that both the man and woman were moving slowly and irregularly, staggering, as if they found it a struggle to remain on their feet.
Morgan jerked his head toward the front door.
It must have hurt her even to walk, for the sole was completely off her left foot and Morgan saw that it was bruised and bleeding.
She drank greedily, and murmured, "Thank you", as he lowered her head.
We ran out of money and we haven't eaten for two days".
Why didn't you go there"?
They might kill him in his sleep, thinking there was money in the house.
I guess you'd better go on in the morning".
When the meal was ready, he told Jones to wash up, and going into the front room, woke the girl.
"Oh".
"I'm sorry, Mr. Morgan.
The grateful way she looked at Morgan made him ashamed of himself.
Your feet are in bad shape, Mrs. Jones.
He nodded at the door in front of him.
He said: "If it's all right with you, Mr. Morgan, I'll sleep out here on the couch.
"You can't make me go".
He whispered.
They just all cleared out.
"All my life", he said, "I tried.
"I'll go, Clay".
The stallion had smelled the mare coming into heat and began to paw the turf, shaking his head.
"To a ranch in the valley.
Two men, together like us, we could do somethin fine out there, maybe find a place where no one's ever been.
Clayton lifted him gently into the saddle, like a child.
I don't want to leave it".
He saw them ambushed, strewn in the postures of the broken and the dying.
But the liquor had flushed their courage.
You see, he lied to us when he said he was leavin alone".
It was the night Clayton had tricked them in the poker game.
Lester's hand fluttered to Cabot's shoulder.
When they turned in the saddle they could see the men behind them, strung out on the prairie in a flat black line.
He knew who was riding after him -- the men he had known all his life, the men who had worked for him, sworn their loyalty to him.
He was, in fact, showing signs of reviving.
She breathed.
Mike debated it, trying to decide whether Fiske was strong enough to ride.
He handed the guard's rifle to Fiske.
He was thinking that the way she had responded to his own kiss hadn't meant what he had believed it had.
"The way you were careful"?
"Stay well back of me", he said.
Just me", Mike said.
The bullet went wide.
"There's no chance now of all of us getting away.
"Dammit"!
Watch out for Apaches when it comes daylight.
That touched off a total stampede.
His shout had been taken up and repeated.
The area was deserted.
His looting of the orderly room had taken only a minute or two and the vicinity was still clear of guerrillas.
They realized the truth.
She crouched aside as bullets beat at the portal, chewing into the planks.
That halted the rush.
Calhoun shouted.
Lew Durkin yelled.
Mike tested the leg and found that he was able to hobble around on it.
They'll probably attack at dawn", Montero said.
And here all the time you knew the Sioux would be using our rifles on them!
Then he went on to the Cheyennes and told them that the Sioux was goin'to move up.
First it was the Nations against themselves, then it was them against the whites.
As I dug in behind one of the bales we were using as protection, I grudgingly found myself agreeing with Oso's logic, especially when I imagined what would have happened to Missy if Old Knife's large party of screeching warriors had overrun our company.
"It was a terrible thing to do.
The pony herd was the one flaw in our defense;
Every time I closed my eyes, I saw Gray Eyes rushing at me with a knife.
under me the ground quivered slightly.
It had a red circle.
I saw the pony fall like a stone and the young warrior flew over its head, bouncing like a rubber ball.
They'll be back"!
There was a ragged volley.
The war captain had been badly wounded and was fighting to hold his seat.
The bullet flung Gray Eyes from his horse.
I saw the clergyman kneel for a moment by the twitching body of the man he had shot, then run back to his position.
Coming over the wall he had seemed like a hideous devil.
"I saw your fire", she said, speaking slowly, making an effort to control her anger.
"I'm not advising you", she said.
But you're wrong about the rest of it.
She said, and her tone had softened until it was almost friendly.
He stood watching the girl, wondering what was coming next.
"Never mind", she said sternly.
It might hurt you, though.
He wiped the blood from his cheek.
And he was handsome, despite the long thin scar that slanted across his cheek.
his eyes were black and deep-set, and expressionless.
It made Wilson wonder.
His name's Joseph Sanchez.
He saw her hand start to work down the leather thong toward the handle of the quirt, and he grabbed her wrist.
She finally regained her balance and got up in the saddle.
And determined not to show it.
If she did, he could stand it better in the light.
good grass, good water.
2
He finished with the team and filled his pipe and stood looking about him.
A red-tailed hawk flew in behind them and stayed there, watching for any snakes or rabbits that they might stir up from the side of the road.
only the counter at one end was lighted by a long fluorescent tube suspended directly above it.
His job simply consisted in registering new men.
I felt certain he was really a spineless little man.
He made a show of rearranging my forms on the shelf.
I withdrew my hand.
I knew that three or four of them were almost always present in the hall, but what they were doing, and exactly where, I could not tell.
I felt strongly attached to the hall, however, and hardly a day passed when I did not go to look at it from a distance.
Though only a relatively short walk separated it from my own part of town, its character was wholly foreign to me.
For weeks I wandered about this neighborhood of warehouses and garages, truck terminals and taxi repair shops, gasoline pumps and longshoremen's lunch counters, yet never did I cease to feel myself a stranger there.
Cigarette butts littered the floor.
I was at once disappointed, although just what I had expected him to look like I could not have explained.
Why had I registered?
This desire, I went on, growing voluble as my conviction was aroused, had mounted at such a rate recently that I now found its realization necessary not only to my physical but also to my spiritual wellbeing.
He dumped me in solitary twice".
There were three other men within this prison whom Barton would have liked to liberate, but they were in other cell blocks.
"I've got to have help".
Powers was covering the remaining guard.
He had been worried that with Miller and Rankin added to the escape party they would be short.
Clyde Miller was crying softly to himself, shedding his striped suit and fumbling into the nondescript butternut pants, the worn brown shirt.
"Good luck".
It was all right to put a bunch of ranchers onto horses, to call them Night Riders, to set out to attack the largest mining combination the country had ever seen if all they wanted was adventure.
For his first five years in prison, they had shared a cell.
Twenty years before a group of Easterners had bought out the Haskell claims in the rocky hills south of Grass Valley.
When they learn you're in the hills though, they'll rally, don't worry about that".
"Dealing faro?
He wants your ranch".
That's what they'll expect you to do.
I've got to get the boy.
The office was of logs, four rooms, each heated by an iron stove.
He was a big man, wearing a neat flannel shirt against the cold foothill air.
Even Hague was repelled by the machinelike deadliness that was Kodyke.
He broke out of Folsom last night.
We don't want Barton's Night Riders loose again".
So simple, in fact, that it might even work -- although Pamela, now, in her new frame of mind, was careful not to pretend too much assurance.
She would return this symbol to the mountain, as one pours seed back into the soil every Spring or as ancient fertility cults demand annual human sacrifice.
The forest was open and freely welcoming, extending an enchanted hand.
Having persisted too long in deliberate ignorance and denial of the forces that threatened her, Pamela was relieved now to admit their potency and to be taking definite steps toward grappling with them.
It did not care what sort of person prowled its woods, plucked at its bark or stripped the berries from its bushes.
Indian ghosts would not impinge upon his nights, nor would his days be haunted by the dimly-outlined, ill-conceived figure of her benighted ancestor.
The forest had become an alien world where she strove, alone, unprotected, unguided, to deal with whatever hindrances were offered.
Her arm bled slightly, and the offended skin cried out in pain.
A terrible chill swept through the grove.
stifled her lungs so that her breath came in harsh gasps;
She had to move in some direction -- any direction that would take her away from this evil place.
I'm well aware that you've got a pedigree as long as my leg, and that I don't amount to anything.
You're going to listen"!
Looks like we might be in for a speck of trouble".
Lips pursed mournfully, he stared down at its crazily sagging left side.
She studied him hopefully, yearningly;
Just nothing, she told herself.
"This ain't your brand, maybe", Lord suggested.
Lord laughed with secret amusement.
A wildcatter had to be prepared for almost any emergency.
In his mood, it was the best way to handle him;
Tom had been laying for Aaron McBride for a long time, just waiting to catch him out of line.
The trouble was that he had virtually had to protest.
He himself had heard that there was gangster money in the company, but that had nothing to do with him.
So you get rid of that pistol right now, Mis-ter McBride.
"huh-uh.
But he couldn't keep up with them.
He, McBride, would be cited as in the wrong, and he, Lord, would go scot-free, an officer who had only done his duty, though perhaps too energetically.
And nothing would be done about it.
Two of the new hands, a Mexican named Jose Amado and a kid known only as Laredo, were picked for the first trick of riding night herd.
The Maguire family was setting up a separate camp nearby.
Not that her mother knew what had happened, but they could speculate upon it.
It bothered her that she probably would never know.
They were considering it gravely, neither seeming to like what he planned.
"John Clayton will see to that".
"And the boy will be too much under his influence by then.
What would you do in my place"?
"I won't force Beth to come against her will.
During much of the fifteen-mile ride they had watched a lurid display of lightning in the sky to the east.
The Ramirez brothers were also along.
"Maybe to have supper.
He'd put on his old brown corduroy coat and it was already soaked.
He and Hogan waited by the door, one to either side.
"Let's go, Marshal", Brannon said, and took him by the arm.
"Now, hold on, damn it;
"Can't you guess"?
He held out a moment longer, then his nerve gave under the pressure.
They crowded him in that threatening way once more, forced him to give in.
Miguel and Arturo Ramirez remained on the veranda to keep Harper from interfering.
For, with a single exception, nothing had happened to them.
He had done his rustling openly and boasted about it.
He found nothing, but he still refused to give up and move out.
Rumors of the offer Tom Horn had made at the Stockgrowers'Association meeting had leaked out by then, and as a grand jury investigation of the murder got underway, the prosecuting attorney, a Colonel Baird, ordered that the tall stock detective be summoned for questioning.
He'd grin.
The rustling problem was by no means solved.
The hired man ran over to help his boss.
Once again, Tom Horn was the first and most likely suspect, and he was brought in for questioning immediately.
"Well", he explained, "s'posin'you was a nester swingin'the long rope?
I heard o'Texas cattlemen wrappin'a cow thief up in green hides and lettin'the sun shrink'em and squeeze him to death.
Houses of settlers who'd treated the company herds as a natural resource, free for the taking, were sitting empty, with weeds growing high in their yards.
(A detailed search of old coroner's reports fails to substantiate this in the slightest.
In the cow camps, Tom Horn was regarded as a hero, as the same kind of champion he was when he entered and invariably won the local rodeos.
Brenner shrugged carelessly.
"It doesn't seem quite right, telling her a thing like that.
His face pale, Summers headed for the street.
He could hear horses moving around inside, and nothing else.
Curt wanted to get Jess alone, without interference from anyone, even as spineless a person as the store owner.
The horse continued to snort.
"Just hold it that way".
That long ride the four of you took must've given him a good appetite.
"I don't know nothin'about him".
He drew back his arm to slash the gunbarrel across Jess's face, but didn't finish the motion.
Now draw"!
I just wanted to hear you say so".
With a roar of pain and fury Jess made his attack.
It gave Curt time to stagger to his feet.
What's going on out there"?
"It was Brenner's idea", Jess mumbled, dabbing at his nose.
"Get up, Crouch.
"Get out of here.
Over his shoulder he could see Max's loose grin and the Burnsides'glowering faces.
Jackson was doing most of the talking.
Nate"!
"Here's a present for you", he said, shoving his bullet-riddled hat down over Nate's purpling forehead.
Pa!
Nor could they stop and find out about all that had happened until they made circle, tended the cattle, tethered the horses, gathered fuel, carried water, and started their cooking fires.
"Nor Methodists, neither", she replied.
At the sight of Sally's happy face and carefree expression, Harmony's dark, brooding eyes quickly brightened with unshed tears.
Even strange names seemed to make them feel closer to some kind of civilization when stumbled across out here in this wilderness.
Rod and Dan released their holds on the arms of her hickory rocker and exchanged embarrassed grins.
"Rheumatics worse, Pa"?
"Sally and her ma want to trade off on account of Harmony being so far along", Dan explained.
Out of the corner of his eye, he could see his father's wheels beginning to turn.
Cobb's assent was tight.
The front windows of the place were long and narrow, reaching nearly to the floor and affording an unusually good view of the interior.
"What luck, Cobb"?
Carmer himself was nowhere to be seen.
He said no more.
But he was more than half-drunk, and his faculties were dulled.
Cobb watched this with hunted eyes, his desperate hope waning by the moment.
Pat grunted.
"Shall we get out of here"?
"Not me", he ruled decidedly.
Then maybe next time he won't be so quick on the trigger".
Yet had he not visited the girl at Saw Buck he would never have been involved in this latest tangle.
Two minutes later it came again -- a double explosion, followed by a third, sounding more distant.
He knew now what he was up against.
Toward the west this depression led toward a draw.
Let's get out of here"!
Early in November the clouds lifted enough to carry out the assigned missions.
No one had much to say.
It's for carabao not airplanes".
Greg rumbled down the rough metal taxi strip, and one by one the seven members of his flight fell in behind him.
He shivered in the warm cockpit.
The valley was only a few hundred yards wide with just about room enough for a properly performed hundred-and-eighty-degree turn.
Todman said over the radio as he came back up in formation.
One of Greg's bombs hung up, and he was miles from the target before he could get rid of it.
He saw them, specks against the gray, but closing fast.
If it were the enemy, tactically his position was correct.
I'll take the middle.
There was, of course, no way for the other planes to get by them.
The circle with the dot in the center showed up yellow on the reflector glass in front of him.
He moved the flights over against one wall.
Let's take'em home".
Please, dear God, make my pilots good, he prayed.
Greg tightened his turn until the plane shuddered.
He pushed stick and rudder and entered the overcast on his back.
Forced to realize that this was the end of a very short line I scanned a road marker and discovered what the end of a slightly longer line would be for the old Mexican: Moriarty, New Mexico.
Over the rapidly-diminishing outline of a jump seat piled high with luggage Herry's black brushcut was just discernible, near, or enviably near that spot where -- hidden -- more delicately-textured, most beautifully tinted hair must still be streaming back in cool, oh cool wind sweetly perfumed with sagebrush and yucca flowers and engine fumes.
"Ahm goin nawth t'jawn mah husbun in Sante Fe, an y'all maht prefuh the suhthuhn rewt.
"Just befoh he left foh his academeh we wuh hevin dack-rihs on the vuhranduh, Major Roebuck an Ah, an Huhmun says'May Ah hev one too'?
Get in".
Whatever satisfaction that might offer.
Gracias", I hollered, my first long swallow filling me with confidence and immediately doubling the size of my Spanish vocabulary.
Just as I got to my knees, there was again the sound of the fence stretching, and I had time only to start taking my kneeling posture seriously.
"Drink your beer".
A big car was approaching, its chrome teeth grinning.
I started looking on the splintery truck bed for a piece of board, a dirt clod -- anything I could throw and with better aim than I had thrown the beer bottle.
There was a blur just under my focus of vision, a crash;
This time there was no sound of brakes but the shrieking of women.
Plus flawless skin, smooth brow and cheeks, lips that looked as if you could get a shock from them.
I said.
She yelped.
"I've done several filmed commercials for" --
Ah, you were splendid".
"It depends on who does it.
Zing was the creation of two men, Louis Thor and Bill Blake, partners in zing!
Everybody left and I stayed in the pool, then Lou came back alone and leaped into the pool too.
He caught up with me once and grabbed me, but I was all covered with zing -- it's very slippery, you know".
"A man was holding onto Lou, holding him up.
She realized I'd have to notify the police, but fervently hoped I could avoid mentioning her name.
There I got my Colt Special and shoulder harness, slipped my coat on, and went back into the front room.
That always relaxes me.
Time to go, I supposed.
That was all she said.
Four cars were parked at the curb, and two of them were police radio cars.
Rawlins worked out of Central Homicide and we'd been friends for years.
"How would I know?
"I'll pick murder.
I had a one-room studio which overlooked an ancient courtyard filled with flowers and plants, blooming everlastingly in the southern sun.
Sometimes I wondered vaguely what he did about women for my Aunt, by blood, had died some years ago, but neither of us said anything.
The true artist is like one of those scientists who, from a single bone can reconstruct an animal's entire body.
Something clicked in this instance, but I treated her circumspectly and I felt that she knew it, for we both kept our distance.
He already had that slow pace that comes over the elderly, while she herself had all the signs of one who appreciates the joys of living.
I was aware of a humid look in her eyes that told me the time was opportune.
I was thinking about that.
Even as I said it I realized that an education can be invaluable.
She said incredulously.
And to prove what you tell him about me you suggest that he keep the date instead.
As we expected, on the following day my Uncle was completely recovered and opened the store as usual at 10 in the morning.
In the half darkness I approached cautiously, making sure he did not see me.
He opened the myth book again and there (along the margin next to Robert Graves'imaginative interpretation of the creation of the Dactyls from Rhea's fingertips) were the names of four Munich bars and Meredith Wilder's address.
He inwardly cried.
Or, more rhythmically,'The swarthy witches are laughing'?
Nicolas: "Look, Nicolas doesn't go to bed with boys -- no sex, see?
She was telling herself that this might just be her reward at the end of a long meaningful search for truth.
"Dear girl", Walter had finally said, "he writes me that he is sleeping in the English Gardens".
Smiling, she sat down on the suitcase and waited and watched.
He half sat up and scratched at the hair on his forehead and then, more vigorously, between his legs.
And then we shall see.
A thing he did not like doing, generally.
Perhaps her eyes were larger and more of a summer blue for all they had seen and wept that day.
Fruit compote: "If you think I would understand it";
What's its name?
"Oh, it's that myth, about Orpheus and What is her name?
They smiled.
And the valley stretched endlessly out ahead, scorched and baked and writhing in its heat, until it vanished into the throbbing wall of fiery orange brown haze.
As cheerfully as possible, he said, "Well, I guess we could all do with a little drink".
She drank and pushed back her gingham bonnet to wet a kerchief and wipe her face.
He tilted his homely face toward the dry bed of the river.
There was no valley like this on your map.
It had been a mistake, but anything would have been a mistake, as it turned out.
"I suppose", he muttered, "I can sell the outfit for enough to send you home to your folks, once we find a settlement".
He darkened under his heavy burn.
He swung up over the wheel.
Walls of water rushed down the slopes and filled the hollows like the crests of flash floods.
Only the heavy bones of the oxen kept them anchored.
She was watching a tree ride wildly down that roiling current.
Ben's eyes strained with the bitter hurt, his homely face slashed with gray and crimson.
The waters lay muddy but placid, without a ripple of movement against the wheels;
A tight wagon meant so much.
That's a good trunk.
He sprinted to the rail and leaped overboard into the shark-infested waters.
"That tub is going to explode all at once".
Brassnose was strangely silent.
I remembered, too, the jesting voice of a classmate, Bobby Pauson: "But how do they reproduce, Dr. Griggs?
Three hours later, while we were bailing desperately, a dot of land came into view.
A fine example of engineering in a primitive society.
I expected Brassnose -- as a man with a strain of Melanesian in his blood -- to speak to them.
You are welcome to Eromonga.
There was one object which sickened yet fascinated me.
Is it not well-made?
The maku Frayne has inherited this strength from his grandfather".
The man was an ox and he put up a creditable struggle;
(Her account was later confirmed by the Scobee-Frazier Expedition from the University of Manitoba in 1951.
Those who stayed had to pass tests.
Ramey reached out with the tire iron and dislodged a chunk of mud that was caked on the spare tire rack.
"Not exactly.
Benson said, referring to the Indian.
It had always seemed strange to Ramey that to disguise himself as a tourist, an ex-truck driver like Horsely would merely pick something outlandish and put it on his head.
Benson said.
The girl looked around at the countryside.
Benson said to Ramey.
The man said.
"But what is it"?
Ramey swung and caught the man just to the left of his mouth.
After what seemed several seconds, the open mouth grew dark inside then blood began to ooze from it.
The man on the ground began to move;
"Why did you do it -- why did you hit him"?
It's all over now, the driver thought as he saw the patrolman turn and walk rapidly down along the trailer toward them.
The body continued to lash, but now Keith used the legs of the chair to fork the loathsome, bloody mass out of the bungalow.
I don't suppose a wife should be grateful to her husband for saving her life, but I am.
Isn't that so"?
"We're all God's creatures, aren't we"?
Well, why don't you say something"?
He thought of the jungles below him, and of the wild, strange, untracked beauty there and he promised himself that someday he would return, on foot perhaps, to hunt in this last corner of the world where man is sometimes himself the hunted, and animals the lords.
The other half he didn't like to recognize, even to himself.
Keith learned too much about air combat, and air killing, to be risked.
The pretty little twittering WACS said he had the look of eagles -- and Penny, hating the cliche, had to admit that in this case it applied.
There was a measure of protection in its concrete walls and ceiling, but the engineers who hastily installed it were well aware that concrete is not much better than prayer, if as efficacious, when a direct hit comes along.
And, as the others began to crawl out from beneath the desks and tend to those wounded, and mark the several killed, he climbed across the debris to Penny and took her hand in his.
That was his true love, not Penny.
These were the ones Keith sought out -- the loners, the ones who killed for the joy of it, like himself.
He and his safety man, Herr Schaffner, swam up to the boarding ladder together.
"Was it my equipment"?
"You are a big muscle-bound ape and you got this idea about setting a record.
But when it happens to you like that, I tell you, and you're a hundred feet from where you thought you were -- well, it makes you think.
It makes the diver feel drunk".
"You think I got you and Artie and Herr Schaffner all the way out here just for the boat ride?
I've helped him along ever since he was a youngster hanging around his brother's tackle shop.
"Hi there, Schaffner", he had said.
"Yes", Herr Schaffner had said.
Why, that's his main reason for making the dive".
"Did you tell him all this"?
There was the end of his front-page feature story, with byline.
I know this from my talks with him".
"I will give Mr. Roy his due for this dive.
"He has the distributorship for Florida, you say"?
"Thank you", the German had said courteously.
"Holy Mary, Mother of God, Star of the Sea, stay Thou with me on this next dive.
"You know I know it", Robinson answered warily.
He crossed the next meadow and climbed a tree where the jungle trail resumed.
It was best to die fighting the marines.
Besides the belt he wore a loin cloth.
They had fought from caves, and the marines resorted to burning them out.
He decided that the marines must be deploying around the meadow, with the one left to distract him.
While his comrades cocked the trap, that one behaved as if it was some dull maneuver.
Matsuo puzzled and grew anxious over the complete passiveness, concluding that he was the butt of a devilish joke.
The bobbing head was a poor target, so Matsuo shot him in the upper trunk.
Rifle leveled on the man, he made a rush.
One by one he tossed the objects aside.
The marine reached up a hand.
Drunk on sake, he must have wandered off from his bivouac.
He waited in his squat, gripping the hair.
At last he reached for the knife.
Matsuo stood up.
In the jungle, birds were mute, while insects preserved only the monotony of living.
He performed the act twice more, and the begging in his tone grew more distinct.
he was very thirsty, but he must observe water discipline.
He capped the bottle and replaced it.
He reminded Matsuo of a similar thing he had witnessed in China.
"Stay right here where you are, kid", he called.
Shall we teach him some"?
"Yes, George, but I ain't got poor old Pat's body yet.
In two minutes the body of Tilghman's former comrade, who had been killed by Blue Throat in a gambling brawl the previous night, was carried into the town's funeral parlor to be prepared for decent burial.
It was essential that he should restore his formidable reputation as a rip-roaring, ruthless gun-slinger, and this was the time-honored Wild West method of doing it.
Billy returned with six sticks of dynamite.
Though only slightly injured himself the big hoodlum never returned to those parts.
Bill Doolin's ambition, it appeared, was to carve out his name with bullets alongside those of Jesse James and Billy the Kid, and Bill Tilghman had sworn he would stop him.
Leaving his rifle in the wagon, Tilghman walked up to the door and hammered on it.
The fighting marshal had walked right into a trap and at any moment six slugs might slam into his hide.
"Jed's homestead is on the south bank".
"Don't say or do anything", he said softly.
That night he reeled out of Ma Murphy's dance hall and proceeded to disturb the peace by shooting off his revolver.
He could not keep his eyes off her when at school;
All, that is, except Jack.
"I've got to get her".
"No", he said.
Charles, also fifteen, was tall and skinny, scraggly, with straight black hair like an Indian's and sharp brown eyes.
His heart beat faster.
Besides I heard her old uncle that stays there has been doin'it".
"No, not now", said the teacher.
"Miss Langford, come out and play with us like you promised", several of the little girls called.
While she was struggling to get her skirt down and get on her feet again, Jack ran over, offered her his hand and said, "Gosh, I'm sorry, Miss Langford.
"No more today.
The only drawback now to the plan he'd decided on was that someone else might fail to do his work, too, and the teacher would have that person stay late along with Jack.
The youth with the snake had a natural pride and joy of life which appealed to the woman.
The dance was of Haitian origin.
But Dandy had had little experience with girls on his master's plantation in Bayou St. John.
I belong to Master Alexander Prieur".
I want you to find Monsieur Prieur at once and give him this money for the boy's purchase.
"This one is a tender chicken, oui?
Dr. Lalaurie wore a maroon smoking jacket, and his myopic eyes were blurry and glistened behind thick octagonal lenses.
The physician led the horses to the stable after a cursory glance at the cringing slave.
Just six weeks after Dandy Brandon's arrival at the mansion, the little surgeon and his svelte young wife gave their annual open house and ball, to which only New Orleans'oldest and wealthiest families were invited.
Dr. Louis Lalaurie examined the inert form of the slave on the parquet dance floor and pronounced him dead.
She daubed at her swimming eyes with a lacy handkerchief and said with obvious emotion: "That poor boy!
Then, on July 2, there occurred another incident which set tongues to wagging at a furious clip.
Since then, and since the pure grain had gotten him divorced from every decent -- and even indecent -- group from Greenwich Village to the Embarcadero, he had become a sucker-rolling freight-jumper.
Till one day the last freight had been jumped, the last pint had been killed, the last beat had been rapped.
A little thing, but the right twist for the action that counted.
"Yeah, seems so, don't it", the boy laughed, hugging her close.
The girl smiled, and started forward.
"We -- we eloped", Cappy said.
He liked to savor his meat before he tasted it.
She started to move toward the hay bags, dragging the reluctant Cappy behind her.
He mused.
She snapped at him.
He put the charcoal in the pot, lit the paper with the matches, and carefully stretched the tin foil across the top of the pot.
Almost immediately they began to sizzle.
He didn't want us to get married.
If I'd been careful it never woulda" -- he stopped abruptly.
But that had been a time before all this, a time he didn't think about.
"Yeah.
Ernie hesitated a moment.
"We're going to Philadelphia", Kitty said, pulling her skirt down around her legs all the more.
They went down in a heap and for a long minute there was nothing to see but flailing arms and legs.
Do something"!
but here he was just Signore or the Old Man.
In one hand she clutched a hundred dollar bill and in the other a straw suitcase.
They had slapped their thighs.
The women said they had seen him wave an exhausted farewell;
What did it matter to him that the park at the foot of Ash Road stretched beneath elevated trains that roared from the stucco station into the city's center at half-hour intervals?
The hedge reeked of coffee dregs thrown against it.
The Old Man silently fed upon these streets.
To him life was a restless boredom that began with the rising sun and ended only with sleep.
"Hey, Laura"!
It was a face that had lost its childlike softness and was beginning to fold within its fragile features a harshness that belied the lyric lines of its contours.
Suddenly he was interrupted in his daydreaming by a warm wetness lapping against his chin, and his eyes opened wide and long at the sight of a goat's claret tongue, feasting against the salt taste of him.
Above him slid the evasive shadow of a storm cloud.
Pompeii expected Romeo's small body to sink closer and closer to the ground.
there was the daily round of household chores in which Maggie insisted on participating.
"I should think so", Eugenia said.
"I'm sorry.
"Every woman in the block has tried that".
Maggie was looking much happier already, clearing a space on the table and chattering about how she could put up a typewriter right there, and be brushing up on her typing so Eugenia wouldn't be ashamed of it.
The temperature dropped to twenty below at night and stood at zero during the days.
Shivering, people talked and argued;
Cold came in the innumerable cracks that seemed to have sprung up, under doors, around loosened window frames, from the sleeping porches, the attic, from the widened cracks between shingles on the roof.
"Plenty of people are poor all their lives".
"Thrifty of her to use it up.
He'd mentioned it, himself, at church and everybody seemed to have the idea that Tolley had left because Jenny had jilted him for Roy Robards.
"In Brace's room!
They're not going to laugh at the Fairbrothers and Labans very long!
He is coming back, isn't he, Frank"?
If he died before she did, she would never be unable to resist opening it.
Beyond his window were the greening trees, new spring, eternal hope, eternal life.
"You could try.
He, with fifteen or twenty horses or mares or geldings or what-nots out there in the barn, was reverent only of "the Mare", "the Racin'Mare", the revolting Gunny.
Gunny symbolized so much that was unpleasant -- Tolley, the indifference with which the Fairbrothers and indeed the whole neighborhood now treated her and which she would die rather than acknowledge to her husband, his lack of understanding and sympathy in her present condition, her disgusting swollen stomach.
Rhyme'em up cute -- Arcilla, Flotilla"
" She burst into tears.
Oh, she'd come to see them once, left silver teething rings for all of the trips.
We'll have oystchers -- couple bar'l oystchers'll fetch in a crowd any time.
It won't take a minute".
Perhaps Doaty had guessed already and kept her counsel.
It was safe to assume that Papa, sighing heavily, had said many times to his remaining daughter, "Thank God your poor mother was spared this", and indeed it might be true that it had been easier for Henrietta to leave, with her hand in Charles'hand, just because her "poor mother" was gone already and would never know.
No temptation, no sin.
Leaning out, she could see a tangle of rosebush and honeysuckle, one not quite come to bloom, one just beyond it.
"Go change your shoes before you turn around".
He cupped his ear and shook his head at her repetition, announcing in a nettled way that he had heard her the first time.
"You'd like to hear how I go about it".
He looked up at her sharply.
I know all about you".
Well, she had not come back to Great Island to be understood, praised or condemned.
"It ain't an idea"!
-- You'll be visiting Miss Doaty, Ma'am"?
At the edge of the field, the wild rolling land took over, dotted with fat round bushes like sheep.
The Ainus were a primitive people, already living on the island before the principal ancestors of the Japanese came from Southern Asia.
She had black eyes, long and intriguingly tilted, and the way she walked was melody.
But she suffered in her off-duty hours.
When he saw Tommy sitting alone, the tinkling sound stopped.
He said, turning on what was meant to be charm.
"Oh, yes -- you had ideas"!
it wasn't this way in the hospital at San Diego.
For one cup of coffee.
after coming to America, her parents had spoken only English.
Back in her living quarters at the hospital she took bicarbonate of soda, and sulked.
Doc Doolittle's scheduled appearance at captain's mast was a very unusual thing, because the discipline dispensed there is ordinarily for the young and immature, and a chief is naturally expected to stay off the report.
He was doing thirty years, and the Navy would take care of him.
After supper, Doc called Whitey Gresham, who was now a lieutenant and had a family.
How, he wondered, does one enjoy one's spare time?
Strippers, but scrumptious, and Toodle Williams and her all-lesbian band".
"Yes", Owen called out.
We call them lay-sisters and they go among the Eskimos making friends and bringing the light.
She asked, winking wildly.
Several people passed in the hall and stared as he slowly retreated, trying to close the door a little, and she slowly leaned toward him and raised her voice.
"Do you have any idea how far I travel every day?
Our key salesmen are in appliances and cosmetics".
"You know", he said, getting a grip on himself, "I think you're going to have to excuse me.
"You haven't been listening to what I've been telling you.
His lawyer had sent him a statement on his overdue alimony, and there was a letter from the Collector of Internal Revenue asking him to stop in his office and explain last year's exemptions.
when the management brought around champagne, the breakfast settled its whirling around in his stomach.
Owen was surprised to see Mrs. Gertrude Parker playing the one-arm bandits that were cunningly arranged by the entrance.
But roulette's not my game.
I once trained a horse for Hoot Gibson, but nothing like Sparky.
There was no cash around;
"We ran into a guy at the Pagan Room who guarantees we can beat the wheel.
She looked well-fed and prosperous, but he didn't get the impression he was being propositioned the way he'd been hoping.
"Named after the ballet.
Philip Spencer had cold-bloodedly planned the murder of his captain, yet it seemed in order to chide him for a lapse of proper address.
He saw the dangers, not the glories of being identified as a mutineer.
He was interrupted by a crash from the deck and sprang toward the ladder, with Gansevoort and Heiser behind him.
Alexander guessed that they had planned confusion and turmoil, thinking it the ideal climate in which to begin battle and bloodshed.
Gansevoort said, "It requires an omniscient eye to select those if any on whom we can now rely.
Wales said, "Of course they would.
Anything is possible when anarchy has the upper hand".
With all his heart he had loved the Navy and now he must act in accordance with the Navy's implacable laws.
God knew his tears were his to shed if he so desired, for it had not been with an egotist's rage for fame that he had held precious his naval career.
Only Cromwell, the giant boatswain, was mild-mannered and respectful.
"Surely, Captain, you did not find my name on any suspicious paper or anything".
Here was another human who understood the stupidity of quarreling with the inevitable.
"I tell you he is innocent".
The boatswain was as guilty as any.
He wore a long double-breasted coat of a heavy material, dark trousers, and black boots with buckles.
"When your mother was here he must have been a young boy.
I thought he would ask us to leave because Rachel and I were bare-armed, but he looked down into his beard and preceded us down the corridor.
The little boys shrilled out a Yiddish translation or interpretation of the Five Books of Moses, which they had previously chanted in Hebrew.
His tightly curled paot hung down to his narrow shoulders.
His body pitched back and forth on the bench.
They had turned numb and prickly in the classroom.
"Does this bother you"?
I was American.
In this section"?
Sometimes it was dangerous for her".
Here they did not need to be in ghettos.
She had good friends here, people who liked her.
He had the black numerals on his arm, so he had been branded in a concentration camp.
We were sitting together, talking.
He said she would only hurt herself.
He shouted at her and told her he loved her and couldn't understand why she had upset herself.
she did not care.
Or maybe poling up the south fork of the Forked Deer River braving the wastes dumped in it?
Or you could hope the parachute wouldn't open just so you could say you saw it not open, not because you meant any harm to Starkey Poe in his suit of red underwear, but mainly because you were tired of being an old maid -- a thing which cannot admit when it thinks it might be pregnant, but must stand the dizzy feeling all alone and go on like everything is all right instead of being able to say to somebody in a normal voice: "I think I'm pregnant".
For you don't share him, not even with God.
It comes to you that probably he did feel that way to let you use him like you did when you couldn't have Gratt Shafer;
The bands were impatient, but they were the only ones.
While he talked you wouldn't trade being a West Tennessee farmer for being anything else in the whole damned world, no matter if it hadn't, in six weeks, rained enough to wet a rat's ass.
Among us, we three handled quite a few small commissions, from spot drawings for advertising agencies uptown to magazine work and quick lettering jobs.
In the first place, it's static;
As for Donald, he actually sold paintings.
he would look right through you while you were talking to him, and if you said, "For Christ's sake, Donald, you've got Prussian blue all over your shirt", he would smile, and nod, and an hour later the paint would be all over his pants as well.
I kept saying, "If I could just build up a reputation for myself, make some real money, get to be well known as an illustrator -- like Peter Askington, for instance -- then I could take some time off and paint".
you saw one of his paintings on the cover of one or another of the slick national magazines every month.
"No, I take classes with different people", he said.
The eye is all, inward or outward.
I had studied with Burns ten years before, during the scholarship year the Manhattan gave me, along with the five-hundred-dollar prize for my paintings of bums on Hudson Street.
"He's about sixty, now.
They lack stimulation.
What we need is to get back to the group, to learning and apprenticeship, to the cafe and the school".
I had come prepared to worship at the feet of this classic, and he turned out to be a rather bitter old man who smelled of dead cigars.
Had she forgotten she had signed the car away, that whatever they mutually owned had been divided among the children?
I want nothing of Via's".
I suppose I should have paid attention to that half-murmured remark, but it seemed one of those extreme statements women under stress indulge in.
It was foggy that evening, but the path to my house was so well grooved that I could feel my way, accustomed as I was to the dense mists that rise from the sun-warmed palisades of the river and sometimes last for days.
"She's nowhere, nowhere"!
Sitting in the kitchen I recalled every word Mrs. Salter said that could have been a sign to me.
Hanging on and on past any man's patience some final stab of conclusion?
Or what was it that, before Via, Sonny, Walter and all, I began almost to dance with shuddering and cry out, "I knew she'd do it!
In my person they would always remember that last long time of me alone with her, so if they told themselves that I could have prevented it, I can understand that by now and love them still, because everyone must justify, have a scapegoat for what is not to be borne.
"What do you mean"?
At rest with my darling Ellen, the first Mrs. Salter.
Again I felt impelled to kneel, and reached back and pulled Via down.
But I think a man needs at least one intimate friend to communicate with".
How about it"?
"What is this"?
"Well, all right then".
"Nothing.
Can't you get another pair"?
Changing his clothes, he put on his dark-blue flannel suit, and laid away the gray jacket with the feeling that he might be putting it aside for good.
Then they had dinner.
You could take me to St. Peter's".
As for himself, he just didn't have the temperament for it.
All the ideologies changing from day to day, right under his eyes, so how could a man look to any one of them for an enlargement of his freedom?
"Why not"?
When they walked into the Ferraro apartment, the old lady, bowing and smiling, said softly.
Carla translated.
An intellectual.
There was a certain discontent among the cardinals.
"It means so much to her.
He cried out to her, his back turned.
But the girl said only, "Tell him I am here, that I have come".
I will not let your evil in.
"A pack of dogs makes less noise"!
I will be the one to confront my daughter, not the wife of him who leads her to sin"!
Outside, the old man, beyond all the curses of the spirits his daughter bore, went to her and twisted the gnarled talons of his fingers in her hair and turned her and pushed her rudely ahead of him into the trees where the moon sent out a thousand arms.
"Did you follow me to see my shame?
He amused the young men who had been silent long enough.
He would spring bolt upright suddenly after sitting quietly with inaction, because something had boiled over in his fermenting juices.
And those of Early Spring, haunted and now full of hurt and envy.
The sound rose on the other side of the hills, vanished and rose again and he could imagine the mad, disheveled hoofs of the Appaloosas, horses the white men once had called the Dogs of Hell.
and she walked easily now, and more slowly, until she could see the dark glisten of water beneath her.
They were becoming confused.
She had vanished;
Well, he told himself, let's put the show on the road.
Millie would have to understand.
A quarter to seven.
He was supposed to be in court this afternoon, at City Hall.
Who's there"?
Just about to call a taxi".
But have you told Mother you were going"?
He tried to see her face more clearly.
"No -- please.
Maybe I couldn't have called a taxi.
Pietro was gazing at him in an insolent, disdainful fashion;
That's in the opposite direction".
I'm supposed to joke about things, aren't I?
For a moment he smiled.
He should have discovered a more tender farewell.
Just one or two swallows, he told himself, enough to lessen some of the pain.
"
Too bad a jury isn't involved.
"Don't even send flowers.
She had two tiny rooms on the second floor.
She's a year older than I am, Lucy told herself.
Every doll in the house must be going with her".
Jim had put the thanks in his sister's mouth.
"But she promised -- This will be different", he said at last.
The youngster drew her, troubled her depths;
Susan!
His dark brows, which had been lowered in anger, smoothed.
her arms were straining with a burden of dolls.
She gave Jim a quick, shape-up look of warning.
She suspected that Cathy had been competing with Susan for attention that she had never had.
She had better stay there, Lucy thought;
It isn't only birds that dump their children in other people's nests.
"I just thought I'd let you know.
"Subdued.
Was she thinking along the same lines Lucy was -- that it was quite possible Cathy might be left with her for good?
"Christmastime!
"And that's what I'm going to tell Jim".
the worn teddy bear, a tiny suitcase that Jim carried, and the clothes she wore, were all she had.
Nobody around.
(One good thing about a suit of armor, his leg wouldn't show.
It's all right.
Big dumb nut.
"She's got a nerve".
I can't go in.
"This is my rock".
"I'm Mark Gordon Peters the Fifth.
She was horrified.
"Why don't you paint it red and white like a barber pole"?
What kind"?
He would have told her, but Victoria was yodeling.
Same time, early, before the fog burned off, because she didn't like the sun;
"Name one, I been there".
She made better pictures than any book he'd read, but he didn't say so.
Tooth-hurty".
"Better make up your mind, son", Sabella said.
Her face turned pink with pleasure and a smothered cough.
Same old breakfast till the phone rang, making his mother's voice shake with excitement.
"Hurry up, we're late", he said, noticing with a chill how gray the sky was this morning, the fog like a rope along the horizon, the choppy waves sending off sheets of blue and Kool-Aid green.
The first time the nurse took him out of the lung, she said if he got frightened, she'd put him back for a second.
Everybody knew that John Cooper had married Edythe on the rebound.
John-and-Linda drove to Conneaut in three and a half hours.
It wasn't even John and Edythe.
"As if he were choking", she said.
John sold the big old place in Sewickley and bought a smaller house in Fox Chapel.
Being an intelligent man, John must have guessed what everyone thought about Edythe, but he never let on by so much as a brave smile.
"Don't think Linda couldn't have got John back any time, if she'd tried", Mousie Gordon, who had been Mousie Chandler, said between bites of a chicken sandwich at a luncheon table at Le Mont.
she could be sure of that.
So when old Mr. Lovejoy, the company president, talked about putting in a single sales manager for both branches after the head of the regular steels had gone with Carnegie-Illinois, it looked like the perfect chance for Bobbie.
He was a director of S. & M. and must have been in on the decision.
Poor John will take it as a miracle and have every other independent steel company sitting up nights worrying about us".
"That's swell", I said sweetly.
"I'm absolutely frantic!
I'll call you there in ten minutes" --
But because there was the chance that something had gone wrong at the apartment, and if I didn't go over, who would?
And Nadine insisted that her sitters be reliable!
"Wally's drunk -- I'll get him out of here as soon as I possibly can, but I don't want Shirley to see him like this.
Nadine's, shrill with anger -- Wally's loud and thick -- As I went to the door I heard the clock strike two.
I grabbed her arm and she turned on me and for a scared second I thought that maybe Wally was right, and she was crazy.
In the state she was in, she could actually kill him!
"Stop that!
I left her, a limp bundle of self-pity, shivering with terror because her bubble had burst around her.
Wally sat in our big chair, his hands between his knees, looking ready to cry.
I tried to quiet Nadine because the children were there.
He had fallen into a soft job, and now the job was gone and he was stranded.
Something so incredible --
Then I felt uncomfortable, too.
At least we'll eat, I thought grimly as I put all the food away.
Nadine's constant nagging had finally gotten Wally out of bed.
And I couldn't take six more weeks of this.
I hadn't chosen medicine -- it had chosen me.
She is a closed book, a picture I keep on my bureau, but never look at.
Should I tell him the truth about Alice?
"Got a new one in last night", he said.
I looked at the chart for reassurance.
It was the old story.
But those penetrating eyes -- I had to turn my head away.
I told Miss Groggins to move her down the hall where we had an examining table.
"There's something there, all right.
Wants to get to her booze, I guess".
"I've just been talking to Dr. Michelson", I said.
"No".
"I'm not going to be one of your guinea pigs.
"I don't know what you heard that would make you think so, but I assure you I don't even know myself, so how can you be so sure?
I knew then, knew with a heart-stopping shock.
"Where have you been all these years"?
No, I want out, Joe"!
yielding-Mediterranian-woman-, she soothed me, and drew me deeper into her.
I knew it wouldn't be the same.
everything was glamorous to my dazzled eyes.
Maybe her ravenous eating wasn't grotesque because she was so positive about it.
I got there on a Saturday evening.
I read the Tropic of Capricorn and the Tropic of Cancer.
There was dignity and beauty in the little white flakes falling through the blue night.
I couldn't imagine her without it.
She was trying to make a hole in my armor, and I didn't want it.
She smiled at me, but it was an awfully sad smile.
"Non, non", she said, taking the bottle, "not for that be sorry".
We finished the bottle -- I hadn't had a lot out of it earlier -- not speaking much to each other, and we stayed sober.
My head was clear.
I called downstairs for food and a toothbrush for her.
"Oh"?
"Um"?
"But not immediately".
We went to the Louvre for a few hours, then by Metro to a cabaret in Montmartre.
This was her first day in Rome and it was June.
In the street the traffic was really frightening.
In Rome, all over Europe, she intended to move very slowly indeed.
A few moments later her hands were trembling and her brow had contracted with anxiety and dismay.
Inside were all the things they thought she ought to know concerning the last illness, death, and burial of Cousin Alexander Carraway.
A life of gentility and principle such as Cousin Elec had lived had to be known at first hand.
They all surrounded him, the family circle, Theresa and George as solemn as if they were watching the cat have kittens, and Cousin Emma running back and forth with a kettle of hot water which she poured steaming into a white enamelled pan.
"Poor Cousin Elec".
" (Theresa skipped a page of details about the house.
"No", said Theresa.
at last, alarm.
She arranged the letters carefully, one on top of the other.
And I've been told that just about every town, no matter what its size, has its Lucille Warren.
I asked him if it was true.
I wasn't in the habit of batting my eyes at delivery men, but the moment I saw Johnnie, I knew he was different.
A man had to have his release -- at least that's what the boys used to say in high school -- and I wasn't providing it for Johnnie.
The rides were tame enough -- mostly we talked.
"And", I was ticking off the items on my fingers, "swears too much and goes out with the boys, whoever they are, too much, and who ever goes to church and won't even listen when I try to persuade him to come back to the fold".
You wouldn't".
But what had I done, trying to keep us pure?
"I will, kitten"!
"It can't be wrong, can it?
I had also thought a lot about how God must look on true love, and so in a way I was keeping my promise to God, my promise to remain pure until I was married.
The cost didn't matter.
But I'd been a good girl and now God was blessing me with the gift of this magnificent man and the wondrous love we shared.
From the entire eastern half of the nation they'd be coming, members of the Young Christians'League, and I'd been chosen to represent our chapter.
He looked very different from Johnnie -- in fact, he looked sort of like me.
Come along with me".
surely he was still resting snugly in my heart.
"Okay.
"You share a refrigerator", Mrs. Kirby had said, and somehow, at midnight, after the long drive from New York in pelting rain, that had sounded reasonable.
"Take a full month", the doctor had said.
He had caught, too, like an ailment, a confirmed distrust of women.
"I hope so", he said.
All Charlie could look forward to was a yellow pill at noon, a salami sandwich for lunch, and a lonely old age -- if he lived that long.
"The smell permeates everything"!
But then, as he well knew, women are not guided by logic or common sense.
It was Mrs. Kirby, making her toilsome way along the veranda, laden with a clattery collection of mops, brushes, and pails.
She scrutinized him.
"He's that peaked kind".
He could not imagine a flower's being brave enough to grow beside Peony, Larkspur, and the rest.
"It's none of my business", said the next note, "but my Aunt Elsie used to take lemon juice and honey in hot water for a cold, and she lived to be ninety-six.
But then, redheads are often pale.
He paid little attention to her because she was a redhead and because she was wearing white -- one of those bulky, turtle-neck sweaters.
This was a very warm, sympathetic girl, he decided.
Correspondence passed back and forth.
What's puny"?
Eddie Lee, Riverside's redheaded playing manager, ran after the ball but it rolled past him.
"You bastard"!
Mike Deegan was standing beside it, facing the field.
"Mind your own goddamn business", Mike Deegan said.
All Deegan had to do was slide, fall away, but instead, he rammed into the catcher.
Mike Deegan was sitting on the bench, watching.
His face was flushed.
He turned and went back across the field to his dugout.
In the Riverside dugout Frankie Ricco, shortstop, whispered into Phil's ear: "There's gonna be a fight".
The pitcher yelled back.
Fights sprang up and were quickly squelched.
"Why the hell didn't you come out when you saw them gang up on me"?
"Nobody else did, either".
"You get your unconditional release as of today".
This is the second time.
Suddenly his voice grew hard.
My batting average"
What the hell do you think baseball is?
His lips felt glued together.
Phil said: "I got my release".
Phil started to take his clothes off and Frankie sat down on the bench again.
What the hell right did Eddie have saying a thing like that?
Frankie nodded.
"Nothing", Phil said.
"You don't understand", Richard said gloomily.
"Do you still have The Book of the Dead"?
It was so dark that he didn't see it hit the water and the noisy rush of the ocean kept him from hearing it.
No one had.
"Did you watch him"?
"There's a little place there called Lovers Mound dedicated to Gompachi and Komurasaki".
It would kill one of us".
When he at last did go to his room, he couldn't sleep and instead paced up and down before his little image of Acala, thinking first of Charlotte's tale of the man at Ryusenji, then of his biwa and the invisible Pacific waters.
Instead, he walked around the temple and mounted still another flight of stairs and stood before the seated Fudo at their head.
I was thinking of the heat and of water that morning when I was plowing the stubble field far across the hill from the farm buildings.
He was multi-colored and graceful and he lay in the furrow and moved his arched and tapered head only so slightly.
You are much too beautiful.
I got on the tractor again and I had to watch the plow closely because the field was drawn across the long hillside and even in that good soil there was a danger of rocks.
I felt myself tremble, thinking of the diamond light of that beauty I had held a few moments before, and I wanted to run down there and halt, if I could, that frenetic pirouette, catch the boy in the moment of his savagery, and save a glimmer, a remnant, of that which I remembered, but I knew it was already too late.
He was my nephew, my brother's son, handsome and warm and newly-scrubbed, with happiness upon his face and his face resembled my brother's and mine as well.
I asked.
"You saw the colors of it, didn't you?
"Nobody likes snakes".
And then it moved a little more, and I knew the snake was dying, and I would have to kill it there.
"Don't you see the difference now"?
Tax worries, production worries, personnel worries, and the letter from Hanford College, his own alma mater, a real snapper.
Maybe he should have kept in touch.
Imagine his son being that good in science!
Weight, 160.
Just give him time, give him a chance.
He shoved the unsealed letter into his coat pocket.
He could take the advice or leave it.
"That's a fact, Mr. Partlow.
As he drove home through the thinning traffic, Cady felt the unease growing.
But tonight his drink tasted like branch water and even his favorite meal of steak and tossed salad gave no surcease from the growing weight of the letter in his pocket.
"Can I have the car, Dad"?
Of course you can have it".
"I can hardly say the same about you, Dave"!
"Wrong word, darling.
That was when half the school was down with flu".
"Anything else"?
"Just say he likes swimming, tennis, chess and music".
He likes to play bass because he doesn't have to solo.
Anne folded the worrisome document.
"I have talked to him, but you know I've never tried to push him into any profession.
He never will, Cady.
When he rose in the morning, the image was still there.
So he sought her out, and spoke to her, and thought of his hand in her hair.
But, at the start, his new life felt invigorating.
For he had just remembered: tonight they were having their first guests.
It rang.
Martin strained his ears.
As violently as possible.
He remembered his mother gossiping with her neighborhood women friends, lowering her voice to a penetrating hoarseness which might be trusted to carry to the head of the stairs, where he crouched listening.
If the situation had been bad, it now got worse.
To them all Dolores told a lighthearted and witty tale.
Now Martin heard himself give a snort of mock good nature.
The sound of their amazement.
Day and night Martin could not drag his mind from the dilemma he had made for himself.
Sooner or later, Dolores would crack.
In a surprisingly short time, Dolores appeared.
As he relaxed that day, Martin realized how tense he had been these past weeks.
Simply enough, through the inadvertent agency of his brother-in-law.
she unquestionably assumed that the more he was entwined with Freddy, the more likely he was to reward Freddy richly upon his death.
Although not much desiring the account, he had been appointed advertising head of Zenith.
Missiles have thrown everything up for grabs, and nobody seems to be sure where we go from here.
I don't like to exhibit the deadly dampening effect of an elderly man's caution".
Not to William's surprise, Freddy, Adam and Hamilton Richert prevailed;
Once more Willis summoned William.
If A-Z could buy Ticonderoga cheaply and use their presses and dies and other equipment, if William could hit precisely the right promotion note, if the money hurdle was not insurmountable.
"We'll be in there swinging", William said, "but in a way, sir, you've got to decide it yourself.
"Thank you".
"Nor crazy relatives.
Look what those little European jobs are doing.
"I know what I'm talking about in that department".
He smiled at William and slowly rubbed his hands together.
"I suppose I can never expect to call you'General'after that Washington episode".
The robe, however, was missing, for by that time Barco had disposed of it at a pawnshop in Glendale.
A man of vaulting ambition, with one eye on the mayorship of Los Angeles, nothing ever escaped him which might possibly lead to personal publicity.
But with Welch's relentless pursuit of the subject, Barco finally "broke" and started confessing to one murder after another.
His manhood had been attacked.
The searching party consisted of the police captain, Welch, Barco, policemen with shovels, newspaper reporters, and cameramen.
With quibs and gibes, the policemen again started digging.
Now did Welch truly become the man of the hour, and everything that followed in the procedure of Justice was a new triumph for him.
A dreadful fear entered my consciousness that perhaps he had entertained aspirations toward Viola's favors -- or, even more serious perhaps, that he had attained a share of them and had then been superseded by some luckier chap.
As Viola sat there, a playful impulse overcame her to remove the shoes and socks from the unidentified feet and, as a prank, insert rosebuds between the toes.
In the first place, it was difficult for us to meet.
However, such a hotbed of gossip had grown up during the trial, that every precaution had to be taken to keep my visit from being whispered to the world, Society, and even, alas, to my own mother.
Jennie and Miranda twined themselves around me, murmuring endearments.
No.
Herb, an expert on narrow ties, thin lapels, and swatches, was men's fashion editor of Parvenu, the weekly magazine with the tremendous circulation.
They had bought their house in Catatonia after investigating all the regions of suburbia surrounding New York;
bright pinks and plaids and vivid stripes.
I couldn't feel at home among them.
Francesca and Grazie were habitual committee chairmen and they usually managed to be elected co-chairmen, equal bosses, of whatever PTA or civic project was being launched.
Like Herbert, they were all in communications: radio, television, magazines, and advertising.
Could such unadulterated love, for a total stranger, be credited?
In my estimation, they were people who read Daphne du Maurier, and discussed Kafka;
They're not even food.
"It is as though", I said on the historic three-hour, coast-to-coast radio broadcast which I bought (following Father Coughlin and pre-empting the Eddie Cantor, Manhattan Merry-go-round and Major Bowes shows) "That Man in the White House, like some despot of yore, insisted on reading my diary, raiding my larder and ransacking my lingerie!
I was ready, like Portia, to present my own brief.
Nor, as Manny said, had the notoriety done my career "any good".
Never a "quick study", he now made no attempt to learn his "lines" and many a mile of film was wasted, many a scene -- sometimes involving as many as a thousand fellow thespians -- was taken thirty, forty, fifty times because Miss Poitrine's co-star and "helpmate" had never learned his part.
"Ah, you're too old", was invariably his ungallant and untrue retort whenever I suggested "starting a family".
a "splash party" at the new pool, which I had built in the hope of keeping Letch away from public beaches, when Letch and a certain Aquacutie stayed underwater together for the better part of an hour;
Did he trouble to memorize the very small part which I had "tailor-made" to his specifications, a role eventually cut down to three short speeches?
But it was small consolation.
My heart was not in it, but, oddly enough, it remains the most financially successful picture of my career.
Up to date, however, his garden was still more or less of a mess, he hadn't even started his workshop and if there was a meadow pond in the neighborhood he hadn't found it.
They were constantly assuring you that you were one of the world's great guys.
Could it be that it speeded up for the aged in some mysterious way, as if a bored universe were skipping through the end of the chapter just to get it over with?
During all his busy life he had only done things which had to be done.
"There", said Mr. Mills.
He piled everything neatly in a corner of the cellar and turned to stare at the blank stone wall.
It all seemed rather hopeless.
After that everything should be simpler.
There was a fellow named Blatz over Smithtown way.
Without further discussion he appeared the next morning with a pile of boards sticking over the end of his light truck and proceeded with the paneling, which he then stained and waxed according to his taste.
At least the moment was postponed when he had to face the mystery of the power tools.
"I have a thousand things for you to do.
Ben Franklin said, "Clearly spoken, Mr. Fogg.
Ambiguity of a non-repetitious kind describes the dilemma one girl found herself in.
"I fear explanations explanatory of things explained", he said, leaving the biter bit -- and bitter.
The "wooden-leg" gag of vaudeville, another standby of this sort, had endless variations.
Not long ago a newspaper advised those taking part in a contest that "snapshots must be of a person not larger than Af inches".
An item in the letters column of a newspaper renewed a subscription, adding: "I personally enjoy your newspaper as much as my husband".
"While Henry Morgan was escorting Miss Vera Green from the church social last Saturday night, a savage dog attacked them and bit Mr. Morgan on the public square".
There are many grammatical misconstructions other than dangling modifiers and anatomicals which permit two different interpretations.
This saleslady was a failure in the dress department and was transferred to the shoe department.
"Yes, sir", she said, "is that definite"?
This clergyman should have referred to Shakespeare's dictum: "So-so is a good, very good, very excellent maxim.
"If you can fix it up with the undertaker", returned the politician, "it's all right with me".
Another brand of indefinite reference arises out of the use of the double verb.
If you are thinking of giving him a berth, be sure to make it a wide one".
My unscientific friend does not believe that human stature is measurable in terms of speed, momentum, weightlessness, or distance from earth, but is a matter of the development of the human mind.
There are even publications called Sick and Mad.
"Oh yes, the other day I reread some of Emerson's English Traits, and there was an anecdote about a group of English and Americans visiting Germany, more than a hundred years ago.
Is it all non-fiction"?
"Last year your Tennessee Williams told our Dilys Powell, in a television program, that it is the task of the playwright to throw light into the dark corners of the human heart.
There was a long silence.
I myself hear it said constantly -- in drawing-rooms.
Moreland sat brooding for a full minute, during which I made each of us a new drink.
"Oh, that is demonstrable", I told him.
Moreland demanded.
"Such as'sending the cat to guard the mice', or'the falcon to protect the dove', or most terribly sharp of all,'the human being to save humanity'".
"Not in the largest sense of the words", I said.
"But we now find writers obsessed by the nooks and crannies of their ivory towers, and curiously devoted to the growing obscurity and complexity of poetry and non-poetry.
but then Arlene got another tone in a hurry, and she said, "If it wasn't for these dear children" --.
"Never mind", Arlene had said, after the policeman had left, having pursued the usual unco-operative course of grownups.
"Just you wait", said Arlene again, as though she were discovering the pleasantly tingling insinuations of that handy little sturdy statement.
"Now", said Arlene, eventually, making them both sit in formation on a big root of a live oak, the sort of root that divided itself and made their bottoms sag down and feel comfortable.
Then, she was back on her feet, winking and smiling that enormous smile (she had lots of wonderful big teeth that you never would have suspected she had when she was not smiling).
"That's the General's horse", one of them cried out.
He never could keep still, even when he didn't move his feet.
She also taught them to sing "I wish I could shimmy like my sister Kate".
"I suppose you all were playing and forgot"?
She was biting into a small red radish;
But the warm joy of her brown eyes was open to the general public.
I thought for a second.
He was passing through town and phoned to say hello.
This evening, they were pushed in from the breakfast room, with odds and ends of dessert distributed over them.
"We have good times".
Mr. Gorboduc took a swig of his sherry.
"We bump", one said;
"You what"?
He at once cancels the celebrations and, buckling on his scimitar, stumbles blindly from the house, where he is hit and killed by a passing oxcart.
It's somewhat off the beaten track, to be sure, but therein lies its variety and charm.
And, when the slat finally shatters, we see him count the fragments, all the while muttering, "He loves me, he loves me not".
For example, to move (as the score requires) from the lowest F-major register up to a barely audible N minor in four seconds, not skipping, at the same time, even one of the 407 fingerings, seems a feat too absurd to consider, and it is to the flautist's credit that he remained silent throughout the passage.
Aging but still precocious, French feline enfant terrible Francoisette Lagoon has succeeded in shocking jaded old Paris again, this time with a sexy ballet scenario called The Lascivious Interlude, the story of a nymphomaniac trip-hammer operator who falls hopelessly in love with a middle-aged steam shovel.
Fing, a lean, chiseled, impeccable gentleman of the old school who was once mistaken on the street for Sir Cedric Hardwicke, is responsible for the rediscovery of Verdi's earliest, most raucous opera, Nabisco, a sumptuous bout-de-souffle with a haunting leitmotiv that struck me as being highly reminiscent of the Mudugno version of "Volare".
Quasimodo defines his own art as "the search for what is not there".
Since the latter obviously require an audacity you do not possess, you may perhaps suppose that I am taunting you as socially inferior.
What you were looking for (unless you make a hobby of collecting old tennis rackets and fly screens) eludes me, but to judge from phonograph records scattered about a fumed-oak Victrola.
All this, though, is simply a prelude, a curtain-raiser, for what ensues, and I doubt whether any Occidental could accurately forecast it.
they expired amid indescribable fantods, imploring the Blessed One to forgive their desecration.
Oddly enough, this is an amulet against housebreakers, presented to the mem and me by a local rajah in 1949.
you're tooling around full of gage in your hot rods, gorging yourselves on pizza and playing pinball in the taverns and generally behaving like Ubermenschen.
Evenings, he was frequently to be seen at restaurants like Enrico & Paglieri's or Peter's Backyard drunkenly donning ladies'hats and singing "O Sole Mio".
Some sort of nemesis was haunting his footsteps, he told us in a quavering voice -- either an ape specter or Abe Spector, a process-server, we couldn't determine which.
The operator asked pityingly.
S. J. Perelman
