The City Purchasing Department, the jury said, "is lacking in experienced clerical personnel as a result of city personnel policies".
Wards protected
The jury praised the administration and operation of the Atlanta Police Department, the Fulton Tax Commissioner's Office, the Bellwood and Alpharetta prison farms, Grady Hospital and the Fulton Health Department.
Henry L. Bowden was listed on the petition as the mayor's attorney.
When the crowd was asked whether it wanted to wait one more term to make the race, it voted no -- and there were no dissents.
Gov. Vandiver is expected to make the traditional visit to both chambers as they work toward adjournment.
Schley County Rep. B. D. Pelham will offer a resolution Monday in the House to rescind the body's action of Friday in voting itself a $10 per day increase in expense allowances.
The resolution, which Barber tossed into the House hopper Friday, will be formally read Monday.
The campaign leading to the election was not so quiet, however.
-- Committee approval of Gov. Price Daniel's "abandoned property" act seemed certain Thursday despite the adamant protests of Texas bankers.
"If you destroy confidence in banks, you do something to the economy", he said.
It would authorize the Texas Education Agency to establish county-wide day schools for the deaf in counties of 300,000 or more population, require deaf children between 6 and 13 years of age to attend the day schools, permitting older ones to attend the residential Texas School for the Deaf here.
The house passed finally, and sent to the Senate, a bill extending the State Health Department's authority to give planning assistance to cities.
It was one of a series of recommendations by the Texas Research League.
The proposal would have to receive final legislative approval, by two-thirds majorities, before March 1 to be printed on the April 4 ballot, Roberts said.
Statements by other legislators that Dallas is paying for all its water program by local bonds, and that less populous places would benefit most by the pending bill, did not sway Cotten's attack.
The remainder of the 4-year college requirement would be in general subjects.
During his college career, Dr. Clark was captain of his basketball team and was a football letterman.
"We must solve the problems which have forced these people to depend upon ADC for subsistence", Martin said.
Bellows made the request while the all-woman jury was out of the courtroom.
-- President Kennedy today pushed aside other White House business to devote all his time and attention to working on the Berlin crisis address he will deliver tomorrow night to the American people over nationwide television and radio.
In the two other cases he ruled that the state had been "unable to make a case".
Karns had been scheduled this week to hear seven cases involving 35 persons.
The aged care plan, similar to one the President sponsored last year as a senator, a fight on Capitol hill.
Both figures would go higher in later years.
Hospital outpatient clinic diagnostic service for all costs in excess of $20 a patient.
Wouldn't pay doctors
Officials estimated the combined programs would cost 5.1 million dollars the first year and would go up to 21 millions by 1966.
He did not say by how much.
House Speaker Sam Rayburn (D., Tex.) called the Kennedy program "a mighty fine thing", but made no prediction on its fate in the House.
The most positive element to emerge from the Oslo meeting of North Atlantic Treaty Organization Foreign Ministers has been the freer, franker, and wider discussions, animated by much better mutual understanding than in past meetings.
Even Norway, despite daily but limited manifestations against atomic arms in the heart of this northernmost capital of the alliance, is today closer to the NATO line.
Conflict surveyed
The United States hopes that any future Lao Cabinet would not become Communist dominated.
He was critical of what he feels is President Kennedy's tendency to be too conciliatory.
This group pleads with the administration to "give no further support for the invasion of Cuba by exile groups".
But thus far there has been no response in kind.
There was the further complication that the administration had very early concluded that Laos was ill suited to be an ally, unlike its more determined neighbors, Thailand and South Viet Nam.
In an important assertion of national leadership in this field, he has issued an executive order establishing the President's committee on Juvenile Delinquency and Crime, to be supported and assisted by a Citizens Advisory Council of recognized authorities on juvenile problems.
Mr. Hawksley, the state's general treasurer, has been a part-time CD director in the city for the last nine years.
Mr. Hawksley believes that East Providence could use two more rescue trucks, similar to the CD vehicle obtained several years ago and now detailed to the Central Fire Station.
Rhode Island is going to examine its Sunday sales law with possible revisions in mind.
The attorney general has advised local police that it is their duty to enforce the blue laws.
Liberals and conservatives in both parties -- Democratic and Republican -- should divorce themselves and form two independent parties, George H. Reama, nationally known labor-management expert, said here yesterday.
He suggested that without the Socialist Party ever gaining a national victory, most of its original program has come to pass under both major parties.
A difference of opinion arose between Mr. Martinelli and John P. Bourcier, town solicitor, over the exact manner in which the vote is handled.
He expects that if the present timetable is followed a vote will be scheduled during the last week in September.
Local police have hesitated to prosecute them because of the heavy court costs involved even for the simplest offense.
"How can a man with any degree of common decency charge this"?
State aid to schools, the continuance of railroad passenger service, the proper uses of surplus funds of the Port of New York Authority, and making New Jersey attractive to new industry.
Earlier, Mitchell said in a statement:
Sandman said: "The announcement that Sen. Clifford Case Aj, has decided to spend all his available time campaigning for Mr. Mitchell is a dead giveaway.
Sheets said that his proposed law would offer state financing aid for the purchase of voting machines, enabling counties to repay the loan over a 10-year period without interest or charge.
Seidel joined the department in 1925 as a division fire warden after graduation in 1921 from the University of Michigan with a degree in forestry and employment with private lumber companies.
Attacks Republicans
"To prevent hoodlums from infiltrating the state as they did in the Republican administration in the early 1940s".
He said no matter what stand he takes it would be misconstrued that he was sympathetic to one or the other of the Republicans.
Resentment welled up yesterday among Democratic district leaders and some county leaders at reports that Mayor Wagner had decided to seek a third term with Paul R. Screvane and Abraham D. Beame as running mates.
Mayor visits Buckley
After his speech, reporters asked him about the report of his political intentions, published in yesterday's New York Times.
A political scientist writes of the growth of "alienated voters", who "believe that voting is useless because politicians or those who influence politicians are corrupt, selfish and beyond popular control.
An assistant attorney general is directed to investigate.
The housing bill is expected to encounter strong opposition by the coalition of Southern Democrats and conservative Republicans.
About half of all Peace Corps projects assigned to voluntary agencies will be carried out by religious groups, according to an official of the corps.
"Why do you worry?
R. Sargent Shriver Jr., director of the corps, is certain that they can.
United Nations, N. Y., June 18
Each of the organization's ninety-nine members would get two professional posts, such as political affairs officer, a department head or an economist, to start.
But no one was overly optimistic.
Appointment of William S. Pfaff Jr., 41, as promotion manager of The Times-Picayune Publishing Company was announced Saturday by John F. Tims, president of the company.
-- Thousands of bleacher-type seats are being erected along Pennsylvania Avenue between the Capitol and the White House for the big inaugural parade on Jan. 20.
They were the suffragettes and they wanted to vote.
Division one of the parade will be the service academies.
This is largely because of the unpredictability of the man who operates the helm of the state government and is the elected leader of its two million inhabitants -- Gov. Ross Barnett.
Districts issue
With a Democratic administration, party patronage would normally begin to flow to Mississippi if it had held its Democratic solidarity in the November election.
Legislators weary
This is not the sort of thing most politicos would care to acknowledge publicly.
If the administration does not succeed in passing the sales tax bill, or any other tax bill, it could very well be faced this spring at the fiscal session of the Legislature with an interesting dilemma.
The new year might see some house-cleaning, either genuine or token, depending upon developments, to give Davis an opportunity to combat some of these criticisms.
Varani has been fired on charges of accepting gifts from the contractor.
At Berger's direction, the city also intervened in the Hughes bankruptcy case in U. S. District Court in a move preliminary to filing a claim there.
Wagner said the city paid only $37,500 to the Hughes company.
Samuel D. Goodis, representing the Philadelphia Hotel Association, objected on Tuesday to a proposed boost by the city in licensing fees, saying that occupancy rates in major hotels here ranged from 48 to 74 percent last year.
The city expects the higher rooming house, hotel and apartment house fees to bring in an additional $457,000 a year.
City Finance Director Richard J. McConnell indorsed the higher fees, which, he said, had been under study for more than a year.
The commission also approved a novel plan that would eliminate traffic hazards for pedestrians in the project.
It provides for a series of landscaped walkways and a central esplanade that would eventually run through the center of the entire two-and-a-half-mile length of the project.
Gladden's wife and two of his sons, John, 17, and Jim, 13, were inside the house.
Gladden has been an outspoken critic of the present city administration and led his union's battle against the teamsters, which began organizing city firemen in 1959.
The army leaders threatened to form a new military government if the parties failed to sign an eight point protocol agreeing on Gen. Gursel as president.
Martin, who has been in office in Washington, D. C., for 13 months spoke at the council's annual meeting at the Multnomah Hotel.
"We have no reason to fear failure, but we must be extraordinarily patient", the assistant secretary said.
"Los Angeles has said they would send the children to their homes in case of disaster", he said.
Hatfield also is scheduled to hold a public United Nations Day reception in the state capitol on Tuesday.
The dinner is sponsored by organized labor and is scheduled for 7 p.m.
Seeking this two-year term are James Culbertson, Dwight M. Steeves, James C. Piersee, W.M. Sexton and Theodore W. Heitschmidt.
"The scriptures, both Old and New Testament, are verbally inspired of God and are the revelation of God to man, the infallible, authoritative rule of faith and conduct".
His offices are in Springfield, Mo.
"In this light we need 1,000 churches in Illinois, where we have 200;
-- Surrounding pioneer pastors with vocational volunteers (laymen, who will be urged to move into the area of new churches in the interest of lending their support to the new project).
Miami, Fla., March 17
Then Heywood Sullivan, Kansas City catcher, singled up the middle and Throneberry was across with what proved to be the winning run.
In the ninth, Robinson led off with his second double of the night, a blast off the fence 375 feet deep into left.
Then Robinson slammed a long double to left center to score both runners.
Miami, Fla., March 17
Seeks "improved fielding"
Squad cut near
Their flight was delayed, Dunn said, when a boarding ramp inflicted some minor damage to the wing of the plane.
Prior to the featured race, the stewards announced that apprentice James P. Verrone is suspended ten days for crowding horses and crossing the field sharply in two races on Wednesday.
Mills was timed in 1.10.4.
Austin, Texas
Last year, when he worked out at halfback all season, he didn't get into a single game.
His statistical record that year, when Texas won only one game and lost nine, was far from impressive: he carried the ball three times for a net gain of 10 yards, punted once for 39 yards and caught one pass for 13 yards.
Footnotes:
A good feeling prevailed on the SMU coaching staff Monday, but attention quickly turned from Saturday's victory to next week's problem: Rice University.
"He knocked down the interference and made key stops lots of times.
"He almost brought it back all the way".
"We'll work hard Tuesday, Wednesday and Thursday", Meek said, "and probably will have a good scrimmage Friday.
Buffalo coach Buster Ramsey, who has become one of the game's greatest collectors of quarterbacks, apparently now has found a productive pair in two ex-National Football Leaguers, M. C. Reynolds and Warren Rabb.
"They can be going along, doing little damage, then bang, bang -- they can hit a couple of passes on you for touchdowns and put you in trouble".
Completing 12 of 15 passes for 174 yards, the Aggies had a total offense of 361 yards.
The Bears took the lead in the first inning, as they did in Sunday's opener, and never lagged.
Despite the 45-degree weather the game was clicked off in 1:48, thanks to only three bases on balls and some good infield play.
Dallas, Tex., May 1 -- (AP)
Jim Landis'380-foot home run over left in the first inning gave the Sox a 1-0 lead, but Harmon Killebrew came back in the bottom of the first with his second homer in two days with the walking Bob Allison aboard.
She said, when she learned Jackie was heading home: "I'm just speculating, but I have to think Jack feels he's hurting Boston's chances".
I told him what Liston had said and he said Liston was a double-crosser and said anything he (Liston) got was through a keyhole.
Of the two cherished achievements the elderly Spahn's hitless pitching probably reached the most hearts.
Incidentally, only two did it before a home audience.
It will forever be a baseball mystery how a team will suddenly start hitting after a distressing slump.
Cincinnati, Ohio (AP)
The Yankee triumph made Ralph Houk only the third man to lead a team to both a pennant and a World Series victory in his first year as a manager.
The selection had been expected.
He began his coaching career at Pittsburgh Central Catholic High School in 1949.
Frank Graham, the Journal-American sports columnist;
His goal was to obtain a National League team for this city.
Shea and his wife, Nori, make their home at Sands Point, L. I.
Arnold Palmer and Sam Snead will be among those honored at the national awards dinner of the Metropolitan Golf Writers Association tonight.
He was heralded as "Sportsman of the Year" by Sports Illustrated, and last night was acclaimed in Rochester as the "Professional Athlete of the Year", a distinction that earned for him the $10,000 diamond-studded Hickok Belt.
Then the pixies and the zombies took over while the banshees wailed in the distance.
From the standpoint of the army of duffers, however, this was easily the most heartening exhibition they had had since Ben Hogan fell upon evil ways during his heyday and scored an 11 in the Texas open.
Palmer's dozen were honestly earned.
For a serious young man who plays golf with a serious intensity, Palmer has such an inherent sense of humor that it relieves the strain and keeps his nerves from jangling like banjo strings.
"You must play it where it lies".
The owners would like each club in the fourteen-team league to play a home-and-home series with teams in its division, plus two games against teams in the other division.
The Pirates have a 9-6 record this year and the Redbirds are 7-9.
Pirate Manager Danny Murtaugh said he hadn't decided between Mizell and Vern Law for Wednesday's game.
Our pitching is much better than it has shown".
Friend is off to a great start with a 4-0 record but isn't likely to see action here this week.
The'49 team was off to a so-so 5-5 beginning, then fell as low as 12-17 on May 23 before finishing with 96 victories.
"You often hear people talk about team spirit and that sort of thing", Benington said in a conversation after the ceremonies, "but what this team had was a little different.
After the coach listed all the boy's faults, Hartweger said, "Coach before I leave here, you'll get to like me".
St. Louis University found a way to win a baseball game.
The two top talents of the time, Mickey Mantle and Willie Mays, have hit the ball harder and more successfully so far this early season than at any period in careers which, to be frank about it, never have quite reached expectations.
The truth is, though, that men react differently to different treatment.
The opinion continues here that with a 162-game schedule, pitching spread thin through a 10-team league and a most inviting target in Los Angeles'Wrigley Field Jr., Mantle just might break the most glamorous record on the books, Babe Ruth's 60 homers of 1927.
and his brother, Mr. Wendell Jr., and his wife, who will arrive from Boston.
"We are back with the'Met'again now that the'Met'is back in Chicago", bulletins Mrs. Frank S. Sims, president of the women's board of the University of Chicago Cancer Research Foundation.
Mrs. Hamm will not come from Vero Beach, Fla., for the wedding.
"We (the Chicago Association of Commerce and Industry) expect to establish closer relations with nations and their cultural activities, and it will be easy as a member of the fair staff to bring in acts", explains Mrs. Geraghty.
Also, invitations have been addressed to Molly's debut tea the afternoon of Dec. 29 in the Arts club.
He will be coming here on business in December, when the wedding is to take place in Wayne.
You can get into an argument about fallout shelters at the drop of a beer stein in clubs and pubs these nights.
As we bulletin'd way back, he'll wed pretty Rosemary Strafaci, of the Golf Mag staff, in N. Y. C. today.
D. D. will pop up with U-I Chief Milt Rackmil at the Carnegie theater tomorrow to toast 300 movie exhibitors.
Dave Trager, who is quite a showman and boss of Chicago's new pro basketball Packers, is debuting a new International club, for the exclusive use of season ticket holders, in the Stock Yards Inn.
Actually Johnny is a glib, garrulous guy, with a rare sense of humor.
A cheer here for Francis Lorenz, state treasurer, who will meet with the probate advisory board of the Chicago Bar association, for suggestions on how to handle the opening of safety deposit boxes after somebody dies.
Back to w. coast
Miss Betsy Parker was one of the speakers on the panel of the Eastern Women's Liberal Arts College panel on Wednesday evening in the Security Life Bldg.
Mr. and Mrs. Andrew S. Kelsey of Washington, D.C., announce the birth of a daughter, Kira Ann Kelsey, on Monday in Washington, D.C.
Mrs. Marr is the first contact a Skid Row figure talks to after he decides he wants to pick himself up.
By July 1, six weeks from now, motel-keepers all over the nation will, by 6 p.m., be switching on that bleak -- to motorists -- sign, "No Vacancy".
I hope it can be said without boasting that no other nation offers its vacationing motorists such variety and beauty of scene, such an excellent network of roads on which to enjoy it and such decent, far-flung over-night accommodations.
All for $14!
The couple will honeymoon in Sequoia National Park, Calif.
Lee Jackson and Ken Smith, both of Houston, and Alfred Neumann of Beaumont seated guests.
Miss Glenda Kay Meredith of Denton was her sister's maid of honor, and Vernon Lewelleyn of San Angelo was best man.
The prospects look great.
I know they will be good.
Members of the young set who would like to come to the party only during the dancing time are welcomed.
Mrs. Arthur Loeb is making arrangements for a reception;
Models will be Mrs. Samuel B. D. Baird, Mrs. William H. Meyle, Jr., Mrs. Richard W. Hole, Mrs. William F. Harrity, Mrs. Robert O. Spurdle, Mrs. E. H. Kloman, Mrs. Robert W. Wolcott, Jr., Mrs. Frederick C. Wheeler, Jr., Mrs. William A Boyd, Mrs F. Vernon Putt.
A preview party for sponsors of the event and for the artists is set for April 8.
Others assisting
Mr. and Mrs. Charles Marella announce the engagement of their daughter, Miss Mary Ann Marella, to Mr. Robert L. Orcutt, son of Mr. and Mrs. Donald R. Orcutt, of Drexel Hill.
Mrs. H. E. Godwin will entertain the members of her Book Club at her home on Tuesday.
Another debutante, Miss Virginia Richmond, will also be the honoree this Wednesday at luncheon at which Mrs. John Dane, will be hostess entertaining at a downtown hotel.
The Baltimore and Ohio Railroad announced yesterday it would reduce the total amount of its payroll by 10 per cent through salary cuts and lay-offs effective at 12:01 A.M. next Saturday.
Since the railroad cannot reduce the salary of individual union members under contract, it must accomplish its payroll reduction by placing some of the men on furlough, a B. & O. spokesman said.
The victim Darnell Somerville, Negro, 1, was pronounced dead on arrival at Anne Arundel General Hospital in Annapolis.
The proposal was made by Dr. David S. Jenkins after he and Mrs. D. Ellwood Williams, Jr., a board member and long-time critic of the superintendent, argued for about fifteen minutes at this week's meeting.
Dr. Jenkins notes, however, that most of the school boards in the State do not do so.
Werner criticized
Admitting that main streets and the central business district should have priority, the Councilman said it is also essential that small shopping areas "not be overlooked if our small merchants are to survive".
Soon after 10 A.M., when police reached the 1-1/2-story brick home in the Franklin Manor section, 15 miles south of here on the bay, in response to a call from the Dresbach's other son, Lee, 14, they found Mrs. Dresbach's body on the first-floor bedroom floor.
Mr. Simpkins will move into the post being vacated by Thomas B. Finan, earlier named Attorney General to succeed C. Ferdinand Sybert, who will be elevated to an associate judgeship on the Maryland Court of Appeals.
Nonresidential at $20,447,000, down 28 per cent;
In 1961, it is estimated that multiple unit dwellings will account for nearly 30 per cent of the starts in residential construction.
The structures housing the apartments are of masonry and frame construction.
The announcement that the secrets of the Dreadnought had been stolen was made in Bow St. police court here at the end of a three day hearing.
In their suburban cottage the crown charges, the Krogers received secrets from the mystery man, usually on the first Saturday evening of each month, and spent much of the week-end getting the secrets off to Moscow, either on a powerful transmitter buried under the kitchen floor or as dots posted over period marks in used books.
He promptly went to communist East Germany.
Just how many sub secrets were being handed over when the ring, watched for six months, was broken remained untold.
It was there that the two accused civil servants were at work.
The navy captain disclosed also that a list of questions found in Miss Gee's purse would, if completed and handed back, have given the Kremlin a complete picture "of our current anti-submarine effort and would have shown what we are doing in research and development for the future".
'had to know peddlers'
Among other acts, Teller and Austin are accused of paying $800 to Sears.
Mrs. Blanche Dunkel, 60, who has spent 25 years in the Dwight reformatory for women for the murder in 1935 of her son-in-law, Ervin Lang, then 28, appealed for a parole at a hearing yesterday before two Illinois pardon and parole board members, John M. Bookwalter and Joseph Carpentier.
St. Johns, Mich., April 19.
Still, I don't wish to appear happy at somebody else's misfortune".
Pohl could receive from 1 to 15 years in prison or probation.
The trial had packed the large courtroom for more than a week.
Christine's twin sister, Patricia, and Darlene Kowalski, 8, escaped with minor burns.
John C. Houghton, president of the Tareytown Acres Homeowners Association, followed that by announcing plans last night for a door-to-door fund drive throughout their subdivision on behalf of the Kowalski family.
Expresses thanks
Kimmell ordered the driver to back up, watched the children safely across and was approaching the car when it suddenly "took off at high speed", he said, narrowly missing him.
In Vientiane, the royal Laotian government decided today to ask its "friends and neighbors" for help in fighting what it called a new rebel offensive threatening the southeast Asian kingdom.
Heavy support
The broadcast said Anderson, a Seattle ex-marine and Havana businessman, and McNair, of Miami, were condemned on charges of smuggling arms to Cuban rebels.
M. Kegham -- the name is a pseudynom -- was a teacher in Bucharest and a member of the Armenian Revolutionary Federation (ARF) -- two reasons the Communists put him away when they arrived in 1945.
At least two private colleges in the Atlanta area now or in the past have had integrated student bodies, but their tax-exempt status never has been challenged by the state.
Corporate existence
"We intend to attend the downtown theaters before the first of the year", the identically worded letters said.
He declined to name the three.
He was a member of the Baptist church.
Mrs. Lola M. Harris, a native of Atlanta, died Sunday at her home in Garland, Tex.
He also struck his aunt and wife, and during the melee the baby also suffered scratches.
A hearing was set for 30 a.m. Tuesday.
The eradication effort is being pushed in Bibb and Jones counties, over 37,679 acres.
the junction of the Northeast and Northwest Expressways and Jones Avenue and Marietta Street, Aj.
It is the only county in the state so far this month reporting a possible shortage in GA category, for which emergency allotment can be given by the state if necessary.
But he emphasized that the agency must train people within its own employ to fulfill what Field handles, and he said he personally "regrets very much that the agency has not done this in the past".
Harvey criticized
Secret Grand Jury indictments were returned against the pair last week, Detective Murray Logan reported.
Survivors are his widow, Alice;
He had conducted the 20-piece band in a series of concerts at Blue Lake park during the summer months.
a daughter, Mrs. Sidney S. Stein Jr., Dorenzo, Calif.;
The "pocket-size" company set records with $2,170 in sales of its products, a selection of barbecue spices, and paid stockholders a 20 per cent dividend on their investment.
Advisors for the "national champion" company were John K. Morgan, William H. Baker, Leonard Breuer and William F. Stephenson, all of Georgia-Pacific Corp.
On the day's schedule are a flower show, 4-H horsemanship contest and clown shows, the latter at 11 a.m. and 3 p.m.
Tom Day of Beaverton exhibited the grand champion 4-H market hog, a Chester White.
Barbara Borland of Tigard took top senior individual home economics honors with a demonstration called filbert hats.
Both cars were slightly damaged.
The others were valued at $325, $75 and $65.
Thomas Rotelli, head of Rhode Island Incinerator Service, Inc., said four of the company's eight trucks were making collections with both newly hired and regular workers.
The fight over the Warwick School Committee's appointment of a coordinator of audio-visual education may go to the state Supreme Court, it appeared last night.
Santa's lieutenants in charge of the Journal-Bulletin Santa Claus Fund are looking for the usual generous response this year from Cranston residents.
The two had been hunting in the Simmonsville area of town and Mr. Parrillo dropped the gun which fired as it struck the ground.
On Sept. 6, the Kretchmer rescued the crew of a trawler they found drifting on a life raft after they had abandoned a sinking ship.
A mistrial was declared in the case against the other seven when the jury was unable to agree on a verdict.
At the opening of the trial, the jury panel was questioned as a group by Mr. Weaver about Ku Klux Klan connections.
Prior to that he was associated with Long Island University in Brooklyn.
preservation of the wetlands where birds breed;
This had never been done before.
Squeezed into the few cubic feet normally filled by the rocket's automatic guidance mechanism, the scientist waited while the bomber gained altitude.
Fiedler went on to make several other test flights before German pilots took over the Reichenberg missiles.
Elected to the board of directors were:
therefore we need guardians to demonstrate against the ghastly stupidity of nuclear weapons and jolt the people out of their complacency".
The federal lawyers, according to their witnesses, also were tracing Stein's fees as a labor consultant.
A $12,500 payment
A board of health spokesman said there is no reason to believe that an increase in the level here will occur as a result of the detonation.
The shortage was discovered after Huff failed to report for work on Sept. 18.
It was not a case of the investment bankers having to sell the stock;
Indeed, from the moment the reports of the coming issue first started circulating in Dallas last January, the inquiries and demand for the stock started building up.
But what made the Morton Foods stock issue such a hot one?
Those that remain are those that were headed by strong executives, men with the abilities to last almost 30 years in the competitive survival of the fittest.
A modern cotton gin plant costs in the neighborhood of $250,000, and it's a safe assumption that a large percentage of new gins in the U.S. and foreign countries contain machinery made in this area.
The company sells a complete line of gin machinery all over the cotton-growing world.
The Moss Gordin Lint Cleaner Co. and Gordin Unit System of Ginning have joint headquarters here.
The firm began operations back in 1925 and sells equipment in the central cotton belt, including the Mississippi Delta.
Registrations of new cars in Dallas County cracked the 3,000 mark in March for the first time this year.
Now in its third year, the program is designed to provide a laboratory for those youngsters seeking careers in marketing and salesmanship.
William Austin, Gary Hammond, and Ronnie Davis of South Oak Cliff;
Sprinkel told conferees that the recent improvement in economic activity was not a "temporary flash in the pan" but the beginning of a substantial cyclical expansion that will carry the economy back to full employment levels and witness a renewal of our traditional growth pattern.
Draper declared, "As I see it, this country has never faced such great dangers as threaten us today.
It was a level at which some of the investors standing on the sidelines were thought likely to buy the pivotal issues represented in the averages.
A $25 billion advertising budget in an $800 billion economy was envisioned for the 1970s here Tuesday by Peter G. Peterson, head of one of the world's greatest camera firms, in a key address before the American Marketing Assn.
Election of Howard L. Taylor to membership in Pacific Coast Stock Exchange, effective Tuesday, has been announced by Thomas P. Phelan, president of the exchange.
$80 by 1981;
I am getting dividends on only 50 shares.
At that time, the people at the bank said they felt that they had the situation in hand.
Washington (UPI)
Central was rebuffed by the other two railroads in previous attempts to make it a three-way merger.
Increase expected
Elburn, Ill.
Seven of the eight companies that turn out full lines of farm machinery say sales by their dealers since the start of August have shown gains averaging nearly 10% above last year.
More than 20 million people live on farms and they own a fourth of the nation's trucks, buy more gasoline than any other industry and provide a major market for home appliances, chemicals and other products.
Tractor production at Massey-Ferguson, Ltd., of Toronto in July and August rose to 2,418 units from 869 in the like period a year earlier, says John Staiger, vice president.
Price support loans may total another $1 billion this year.
The measure allows such companies in those years to apply their mineral depletion allowances to 50% of the value of the finished products rather than the lower value of raw clay alone.
The corporation, in filing its final Federal income return, claimed the state tax payment as a deductible expense, as permitted under U.S. tax law.
The Court upheld the taxpayer's contention that these "kickbacks" were not his income though they passed through his hands.
State briefs: Voters in four counties containing and bordering Denver authorized the imposition of an additional 2% sales tax within that area.
The seasonal adjustment takes into account such factors as Easter was on April 2 this year, two weeks earlier than in 1960, and pre-Easter buying was pushed into March.
The attractive Greer Garson, who loves beautiful clothes and selects them as carefully as she does her professional roles, prefers timeless classical designs.
Balenciaga is her favorite European designer.
It was during "Old Music" at the St. James Theater that Hollywood's Louis B. Mayer spotted her.
Both Miss Garson and her oilman-rancher husband are active supporters of Boys Clubs of America and patrons of the vivid art and opera colony that flourishes in New Mexico.
Ramsey, 6-3, 195 and ruggedly slim, says, "I can't remember when I didn't pester my mother to teach me to cook".
Ramsey has stoked up Harry Truman, Henry Cabot Lodge, the King of Morocco, Clement Atlee and other shiny characters.
Add enough warmed cream, seasoned to taste with onion juice, to about half cover the chicken breasts.
These two, Heritage and Drexel, chose too not to produce the exactly matching design for every piece, but a collection of correlated designs, each of which could stand alone.
Colorful, bright Eastman Chromspun fabrics, with the magenta, pink and white tones predominating as well as golden shades are used with Composite.
Members are on their way to Saledo, not by stage coach, but in air-conditioned cars.
There will be a large drawing of a sunbonnet girl with eyes that flash at the guests.
W. H. Roquemore, treasurer, and the following chairmen: Mmes McKee, publicity;
And the third time was the charm.
Among those with reservations are Messrs. and Mmes. William A. Thompson, Van Cott Niven, A. B. Cox, David Bricker, Samuel Perry and Robert D. Stetson.
Now her modern tapestries have been exhibited on two continents and, at 26, she feels she is on the threshold of a whole new life in Los Angeles.
Now they go to a high school that is two miles away.
"Did you"?
When they do that my wife has to drive me to work in the big car.
My wife could drive us down the hill and we could all walk from there.
Joanne Curry, daughter of the Ellsworth Currys, to James Hartley Gregg, and Valerie Smith to James McAlister Duque.
Mr. and Mrs. Robert Moulton now live on Wilshire and the Franklin Moultons on S. Windsor Blvd.
Most children love the animated puppet faces and their flexible bodies, and they prefer to see them as though the puppets were in action, rather than put away in boxes.
Those illustrated are reminiscent of a circus top or a merry-go-round.
Hotel Escape's Bonanza room has a real bonanza in its new attraction, the versatile "Kings 4, Plus Two".
The Cumbancheros, Latin combo, open Tuesday at the Four O'Clock Club.
It's a solid show but, except for some interim keyboarding by Ernie, it's Al's all the way.
Bandstand features Hal DeCicco, pianist, for both dinner hour and the late trade.
Don Drinkhouse of Pal's Restaurant planning a reunion with the Miami Playboy Club's pianist, Julian Gould.
Murphy honors
Jorge Bolet, pianist, on Feb. 23;
Orlando, Oct. 10;
He was particularly struck by a course on Communist brainwashing.
Response to the program has been so encouraging, Kern said, that a city-wide youth school at Dade County Auditorium may be set up soon.
To their surprise, the children all were eager and quite able to take part.
A father and son dinner sponsored by the Men's Club will be held at 6:15 p.m. Monday and the annual church picnic at 4 p.m. next Saturday.
The Leningrad Kirov Ballet, which opened a series of performances Friday night at the Opera House, is, I think, the finest "classical" ballet company I have ever seen, and the production of the Petipa-Tschaikowsky "Sleeping Beauty" with which it began the series is incomparably the finest I have ever had the pleasure of witnessing.
It seems to have been chosen exclusively from the winners of beauty contests -- Miss Omsk, Miss Pinsk, Miss Stalingr oops, skip it.
Vladilen Semenov, a fine "danseur noble";
Participating members may attend five of the concerts for $9 (not all ten concerts as was erroneously announced earlier in The Chronicle).
He was getting the feel of the room for a concert tomorrow night for Puerto Rico Governor Luis Munoz Marin.
I believe TV watchers will be bored.
a lady drunk on her hands and knees who carries the hero around on her back while he throws pillow feathers in her face;
Tonight Atlantic Monthly editor Edward Weeks moderates a round table of four Russian writers in a discussion of Soviet literature.
It is very chic to drive foreign cars.
My car gulped 20 gallons without even wiping its mouth.
He asked gloomily.
Ah, the fair-weather friends of yesteryear!
The gift is being presented by "heirs and descendants of the Rutherford family of New Jersey, whose famous estate, "Tranquility", was located near the Duncan Phyfe workshop at Andover, N. J.
Mrs. Lenygon's committee associates, announced formally yesterday by the AID in New York, include Mrs. Allen Lehman McCluskey and Stephen J. Jussel, both wellknown Manhattan decorators.
After paying tribute to the conductor and his white-clad youthful students, President Kennedy said, "As an American I have the greatest possible pride in the work that is being done in dozens of schools stretching across the United States -- schools where devoted teachers are studying with interested young men and women and opening up the whole wide horizon of serious music".
Many of the music-loving members of the President's staff gathered around the tent listening and watching the rapt attention given by the young seated audience.
Miss Bouton headed up one of the four groups that went on simultaneous tours after the Gallery had closed at 5 p.m.
In 45 minutes, the Gallery leaders had given the students a quick rundown on art from the Renaissance to the late 19th Century.
About 1500 delegates are expected to register today for the biennial session of the Ancient and Accepted Scottish Rite for the Southern Jurisdiction of the United States.
They were both discouraged, disgusted and miserable.
John received a promotion in his firm.
For crucial encounter
The heightened tension, in fact, had been a major factor in the President's change of view about the urgency of a meeting with the Soviet leader.
That meeting produced the "spirit of Camp David" -- a spirit, it later turned out, that masked a basic misunderstanding about progress toward a Berlin settlement.
He wanted time, too, to review the United States'global commitments and to test both the policies he had inherited and new ones he was formulating.
It dealt mainly with a broad range of East-West issues.
The question arose as to whether a frank discussion of that danger with the Soviet leader had not become urgent.
As a result, the West is in a poor bargaining position at the current Geneva negotiations on Laos, and South Vietnam and other nations in Southeast Asia are under increased pressure.
The Washington announcement said:
The feeling was that he would sense an inner core of toughness and determination in the President and that plain talk by Mr. Kennedy would give him pause.
Disapproval of the meeting was based largely on the belief that the timing could hardly be worse.
By way of explanation we ourselves are prone to imagine that this achievement stems from the same American Catholic zeal and generosity which brought the parochial school system into existence.
Yet for better or for worse, the truth of the matter is that most American Catholic colleges do not owe their existence to general Catholic support but rather to the initiative, resourcefulness and sacrifices of individual religious communities.
This "family-community" spirit is the real explanation of the marvel of our achievement.
The problem is not merely that more "outside teachers" are needed but that a different brand is called for.
There are two reasons why failure to come to grips with this demand could be fatal to the future of the Catholic university.
Just as it is possible to exaggerate the drawing power of the new tenure practices, it is also possible to exaggerate the significance of the now relatively adequate salaries paid by major Catholic institutions.
Yet though it may seem difficult to envision any definitive resolution of the problem of ownership and control, there are nevertheless certain suggestions which seem to be in order.
Or, in the words of Anatole France, "The law in its majestic equality must forbid the rich, as well as the poor, from begging in the streets and sleeping under bridges".
Neither has Congressman Martin nor Senator McClellan been heard from on the matter;
Accounting procedures can be varied to provide a rationale for almost any price.
The question might be asked: "Don't the managements of the heavy-electrical-goods manufacturers know these facts?
(The penalties handed out in the electrical case, which included jail sentences, were unprecedented in anti-trust prosecutions, perhaps because the conspirators had displayed unusual ineptness in their pricing activities.
The basic purpose of an effective collective-bargaining system is the removal of wages from competition.
There were no pious hypocrisies then about being for collective bargaining, but against labor monopoly.
for example, the organization of steamship conferences to set freight rates and the encouragement of railroads to seek mergers.
In 1922, the United Mine Workers struck the Coronado Coal Company.
While Communists were undermining United Nations efforts to rescue the Congo from chaos, two other Communist offensives stirred the Eisenhower Administration into emergency conferences and serious decisions.
After a White House huddle between the President and top lieutenants, the Defense Department reacted sharply to a cry from the pro-Western government of Laos that several battalions of Communist troops had invaded Laos from North Viet Nam.
At Geneva in 1954, to get the war in Indo-China settled, the British and French gave in to Russian and Communist Chinese demands and agreed to the setting up of a Communist state, North Viet Nam -- which then, predictably, became a base for Communist operations against neighboring South Viet Nam and Laos.
As the 87th Congress began its sessions last week, liberal Democrats were ready for a finish fight to open the sluice gates controlled by the House Rules Committee and permit the free flow of liberal legislation to the floor.
He is, of course, a segregationist, but he says he has never made an "anti-Negro" speech.
In a tense, closed-door session with Judge Smith, Rayburn attempted to work out a compromise: to add three new members to the Rules Committee (two Democrats, including one Southerner, and one Republican).
As the battle raged in the cloakrooms and caucuses, it became clear that Judge Smith could lose.
Battle in the senate
Armed with the Nixon opinion, the Senate liberals rounded up their slim majority and prepared to choke off debate on the filibuster battle this week.
Gary Player, the small, trim South African, was the eventual winner, but in all his 25 years he never spent a more harrowing afternoon as he waited for the victory to drop in his lap.
As he signed his scorecard and walked off the course, Player was almost in tears.
Palmer was now putting merely for a tie, and Player, who was sitting beside his wife and watching it all on television in Tournament Chairman Clifford Roberts'clubhouse apartment, stared in amazement when Palmer missed the putt.
Long after the erratic climate and the washed-out final round on Sunday have become meteorological footnotes, the 1961 Masters will be remembered as the scene of the mano a mano between Arnold Palmer and Gary Player.
He outplayed Palmer all around the course and finished with a tremendous 65 to Palmer's 71.
A lot of people were still thinking about Jack Nicklaus, the spectacular young amateur, who had a 70;
On the back nine he began to acquire the tidal wave of a gallery that stayed with him the rest of the tournament.
Bob Jones played that way.
Having hit one of the trees, the ball came to rest not more than 160 yards out.
On this day the wind had switched 180-degrees from the northwest to the southeast, and nearly every shot on the course was different from the previous few days.
(2) Willie Mays of the San Francisco Giants borrowed a teammate's bat and became the ninth big leaguer to stroke four home runs in a game;
In the final month of the 1927 season, he hit seventeen home runs, a closing spurt never matched.
All Mantle needs is eight more home runs in August and ten in September, and he will establish a new record.
But one thing is for certain: There is no dissension between Mantle, the American League's Most Valuable Player in 1956 and 1957, and Maris, the MVP in 1960.
Both were scholastic stars in football, basketball, and baseball (Mantle in Commerce, Okla., Maris in Fargo, N.D.);
Mantle so appreciated Miller's delicate literary style that he broadened teammates'minds by reading sensitive passages aloud during road trips.
He said, pointing to a dark-haired 11-year-old boy.
(Meyer sent him to Reading, Pa.
Maris's was Ted Williams.
He told me he vowed right then that if he ever got to be a star, this never would be said of him".
("One of the reasons they get along fine", says a sportswriter who is friendly with the two men, "is that both realize Mantle is head-and-shoulders above Maris".
Both are good, daring fielders: Mantle covers more ground;
Into Washington on President-elect John F. Kennedy's Convair, the Caroline, winged Actor-Crooner Frank Sinatra and his close Hollywood pal, Cinemactor Peter Lawford, Jack Kennedy's brother-in-law.
Little geeing and hawing have been necessary".
Lacking his needed credits in those subjects, Fabian will not graduate with his old classmates next week.
Has Moss no stirling virtues?
He made his fortune during World War 2, when he took over a number of dying steel plants and kept them alive until the boom.
But he insisted that it be housed in a special museum.
The University of Georgia has long claimed that it does not discriminate against any applicant on the basis of race or color.
Charlayne was "tentatively" admitted for next fall, after state investigators questioned her white roommate at Wayne State.
The state will appeal -- but few think it will actually try to close the university.
He threw out some of Hutchins'more wildly experimental courses, raised sagging undergraduate enrollment to 2,100, nearly doubled endowment to $139.3 million.
This is an area nearly as large as Western Europe;
At first the Belgian royal family administered the Congo as its own private property.
Had they been truly ruthless, the Belgians might have exploited the Congolese without compassion.
But almost all the schools were primary.
The Congolese were clamoring for their independence, even though most were unsure what it meant;
First, there were those Congolese (among them Joseph Kasavubu) who favored splitting the country into small independent states, Balkanizing it.
If internal frictions arose, they could be handled by the 25,000-man Congolese army, the Force Publique, which had been trained and was still officered by white Belgians.
On July 14 the Security Council -- with France and Great Britain abstaining -- voted the resolution which drew the U.N. into the Congo.
Before appealing to the U.N. or to Russia, he first appealed to the U.S. for military help, and was rejected.
From October 1960 to February 1961, the U.N. forces in the Congo took little action.
Though President John F. Kennedy was primarily concerned with the crucial problems of Berlin and disarmament adviser McCloy's unexpected report from Khrushchev, his new enthusiasm and reliance on personal diplomacy involved him in other key problems of U.S. foreign policy last week.
Main purpose of the meeting: To discuss President Kennedy's Alliance for Progress.
From International Airport in Los Angeles to International Airport in Houston, as the great four-jet Boeing 707 flies, is a routine five hours and 25 minutes, including stopovers at Phoenix, El Paso, and San Antonio.
Salvador saw the youth hold his against the head of stewardess Lois Carnegey;
Jerry McCauley of Sacramento, Calif., one of some twenty Air Force recruits on board, awoke from a nap in confusion.
Other FBI men, talking with the pilot from the tower, conspired with him to delay the proposed flight to Havana.
The heat and strain began to tell on the Beardens.
At 12:50 p.m. a ramp was rolled up to the plane.
(Bearden reportedly hoped to peddle the plane to Castro, and live high in Cuba.
In other areas, Congressional action last week included:
Individual senators, with an eye to the voters back home, occasionally introduced smelts from Michigan, soft-shell crabs from Maryland, oysters from Washington, grapefruit from Florida.
As a result of the new outlook for turnpikes, investors who bought toll-road bonds when these securities ranked as outright speculations are now finding new hope for their investments.
And this is true in the case of some turnpikes on which revenues have risen close to, or beyond, the point at which the roads start to pay all operating costs plus annual interest on the bonds.
Many of the roads also were hit by an unusually severe winter.
For the year, the road earned 133 per cent of its interest costs, against 121 per cent in the preceding period.
Traffic frequently has failed to measure up to engineers'rosy estimates.
For some roads, troubles.
A top American official, after a look at Europe's factories, thinks the U.S. is in a "very serious situation" competitively.
"Said Secretary Hodges:'It's a tough combination for the U.S. to face.
There are many places where we can use their vigor and new ideas'".
At the same time, another purpose of the conference will be to get certain low-wage countries to control textile exports -- especially dumping of specific products -- to high-wage textile-producing countries.
It's an important clue to Washington thinking.
What's happening in textiles can be handwriting on the wall for other lines having difficulty competing with imports from low-wage countries.
The British Government will have to decide whether to let U.S. coal in.
Confronted with this situation, most libraries either endure the severe limitations of their budgets and do what they can with what they have, or else depend on the bounty of patrons and local governments to supplement their annual funds.
Some library boards are wary of the plan.
The basic state grant is thirty cents for each person served, and there is a further book incentive grant that provides an extra twenty cents up to fifty cents per capita, if a library spends a certain number of dollars.
Headquarters gets about 100 requests every day.
This kind of cooperation is not wholly new, of course.
The system well understands that one of its primary responsibilities is to bring children and books together;
The system itself is governed by a board of trustees, geographically representing its membership.
We cannot consider ourselves educated if we do not read;
And over 66 per cent of the elementary schools with 150 or more pupils do not have any library at all.
This session, for instance, may have insured a financial crisis two years from now.
League regularly stands on the side of right
Cities and counties interested in industrial development would do well in the months ahead to keep their eyes peeled toward the 13 northwest Georgia counties that are members of the Coosa Valley Area Planning and Development Commission.
By limiting American strength too much to nuclear strength, this country limited its ability to fight any kind of war besides a nuclear war.
G. Mennen Williams is learning the difficulties of diplomacy rapidly.
Either way it sounds like a sizable hunk of money and is.
The intensive treatment program is working well.
He had been involved in countless schemes to do away with democratic leaders in neighboring countries such as President Romulo Betancourt of Venezuela.
Last year, after Trujillo had been cited for numerous aggressions in the Caribbean, the United States and many other members of the Organization of American States broke diplomatic relations with him.
For that reason any democratic reform and effort to bring genuine representative government to the Dominican Republic will need the greatest sympathy and help.
Though Walter Ulbricht, by grace of Soviet tanks, may be head man in East Germany, that does not give him any right to usurp the government of East Berlin or to absorb that semi-city into the Soviet zone.
This is far from acknowledging or recognizing those efforts as an accomplished fact.
For it was the millions of buffalo and prairie chicken and the endless seas of grass that symbolized for a whole generation of Americans the abundant supply that was to take many of them westward when the Ohio and Mississippi valleys began to fill.
Probably the best answer to this kind of entering wedge is congressional action requiring the Federal Communications Commission to ban such advertising through its licensing power.
Registered Democrats in New York City this year have the opportunity to elect their party's candidates for Mayor and other municipal posts and the men who will run their party organization.
His election, on the other hand, would unquestionably strengthen the "regulars".
And Secretary Rusk, en route to Bangkok, doubtless is trying to make emergency arrangements for the possible entry of Australian or Thai SEATO forces.
Casualties have been running about a dozen men a day.
But for the safety of Southeast Asia, and for the sake of the Laotian people -- who would not be well-ruled by either militant minority now engaged in the fighting -- this last big effort to seal that country from the cold war had to be made.
But, lacking money from commercial sponsors, the stations have had difficulties meeting expenses or improving their service.
He was no flaming liberal, yet the New Deal, the Fair Deal and the New Frontier needed him.
He spoke briefly, sensibly, to the point and without oratorical flourishes.
The Senate to him was not the "upper body" and he corrected those who said he served "under" the president.
He kept his attacks on Republicanism for partisan campaigns, but that is part of the game he was born to play.
Mass rapes, troop mutinies, uncontrolled looting and pillage and reckless military adventures, given no sanction by any political authority, have become almost daily occurrences.
The Congo should have been mandated, because it was not ready for independence.
Additional information supplied to us discloses that the railroad gained a stabilized supply of telegraphers of which it was in need.
A nuclear pacifier of these dimensions -- roughly some six and a half times bigger than anything the United States has triggered experimentally -- would certainly produce a bigger bang, and, just for kicks, Khrushchev might use it to propel the seminar of the house of delegates from St. Louis to the moon, where there wouldn't even be any beer to drink.
The same can be said about the half-hearted Cuban invasion mounted by the administration last April, which, we trust, is not symptomatic of the methods to be invoked in holding off the felonious Khrushchev.
As head of the United Nations he was the symbol of world peace, and his tragic end came at a moment when peace hangs precariously.
He was controversial because he was uncompromising for peace and freedom with justice.
Monument to togetherness
They allotted $500,000 three years ago to support Interama until its own financing could be arranged.
progress, or lack of it, toward civil rights in the 50 states is reported in an impressive 689-page compilation issued last week by the United States Commission on Civil Rights.
West Germany remains Western
The wizard who fashioned West Germany's astonishing industrial rebirth is the soul of free enterprise.
And the career of Konrad Adenauer, who upheld Germany's tradition of rock-like leaders which Bismarck began, draws near the end.
Does it attack other traditional American institutions with unsupportable and wild charges?
Does the organization show an affinity for a foreign government, political party or personality in opposition or preference to the American system?
And until this protection is at least as concrete as, say, the row of hotels that bars us from our own sands at Miami Beach, those who represent us all should agree to nothing.
Despite the lip service paid by local governments, the anti-secrecy statutes have been continuously subverted by reservations and rationalizations.
Had U.S. warships not appeared off the Dominican coast, there is every possibility that the country would now be wracked by civil war.
Now, as then, it is a matter of jobs.
The concept of labor as a special class is outmoded, and in the task confronting America as bastion of the free world, labor must learn to put the national interest first if it is itself to survive.
In exchange for higher price supports, growers pledged reduction in planted acreage.
Nor does Sen. Jackson discuss the delicate situation created by the presence in the White House of a corps of presidential assistants engaged in the study of foreign policy.
He lost, but settled for a cake in the shape of a fedora.
But so convinced of communism's inevitable triumph is Prince Sihanouk that he is ready to throw in the towel.
The secretary based his assessment on the upturn in retail sales.
In New Jersey, too
Public sentiment for conserving our rich natural heritage is growing.
The study of the St. Louis area's economic prospects prepared for the Construction Industry Joint Conference confirms and reinforces both the findings of the Metropolitan St. Louis Survey of 1957 and the easily observed picture of the Missouri-Illinois countryside.
The research center of the University's School of Business and Public Administration is prepared to undertake the analysis Dr. Ellis has been talking about.
And then there is St. Louis county, where the Democratic leadership has shown little appreciation of the need for sound zoning, of the important relationship between proper land use and economic growth.
Even though headquarters actually have been moved into the Chatham building, do they believe that they can make the new name stick?
The Faget appointment was preposterous on several grounds.
Congressman Walter has been all-powerful in immigration matters, but he has announced plans to retire in 1962.
The former President blithely ignored recent history in speaking of "dollarette" dollars under Kennedy Administration fiscal policies.
Queen of the seas
This would be cheaper to operate and could be used for cruises during the lean winter months.
The rebels may try to seize what is left of the October harvest when the floods recede and the monsoon ends in November.
Ambassador Stevenson yesterday described the U.N.'s problem of electing a temporary successor to the late Dag Hammarskjold as "the gravest crisis the institution has faced".
Although the United States and the U.S.S.R. have been arguing whether there shall be four, five or six top assistants, the most important element in the situation is not the number of deputies but the manner in which these deputies are to do their work.
But it would greatly strengthen any Mayor's executive powers, remove the excuse in large degree that he is a captive of inaction in the Board of Estimate, increase his budget-making authority both as to expense and capital budgets, and vest in him the right to reorganize city departments in the interest of efficiency and economy.
On net balance, in spite of Controller Gerosa's opposition to the new Charter as an invasion of his office, the Controller will have the opportunity for greater usefulness to good government than he has now.
Enlargement of the City Council and a new method of selecting members will be discussed tomorrow.
He felt able to end on a note of hope.
This Congress will see Premier Khrushchev consolidating his power and laying the groundwork for an orderly succession should death or illness remove him from the scene in the next few years.
Dr. Conant may underestimate the psychological importance of even token equality.
He has served in positions of greater glamour, both at home and abroad;
Most mail these days consists of nothing that could truly be called a letter.
This happened in Decatur, DeKalb County, not 10 miles from the heart of metropolitian Atlanta.
But DeKalb citizens, those who use the facilities of the cannery, say the cannery is not supposed to make any money.
the old couples.
Several years ago I was his pastor.
Jesus made three things clear about forgiveness.
It also implies that a man wants his future to be free from the mistakes of the past.
She's been in and out of my house for a dozen years now, although she's still a teen-ager who looks like a baby, she is getting married.
But if she were just having a normal case of pre-nuptial jitters such a question might frighten her out of a really good marriage.
Why, he's so darling and"
Jokes, cartoons and cynics to the contrary, mothers-in-law make good friends.
"
We do not defeat the good ones with this cruelty, but we add to their burden, while expecting them to bestow saintliness upon us in return for ostentatious church attendance and a few bucks a week, American cash.
The narrow fringe of sadness that ran around it only emphasized the pleasure.
Suddenly one young voice rose above the others.
Hardly.
But Mr. Podger and the driver of the sports car waved at each other.
at will, the voice of the auctioneer, the voices of the bidders, and finally the small boy who had been so interested in Mr. Podger's hammock purchase.
Alacrity, the Podger cat, came by the hammock, rubbed her back briefly against it, and then, sure of a welcome, hopped up.
Mr. Podger opened his cocoon and emerged, tucking Alacrity under his arm to bring her in by the fire.
They point out simply that "it is the law of the land".
The schedules are flexible so that the program can be accelerated as the public becomes more tolerant or realizes that it is something that has to be done, "so why not now".
Already, at least one hotel has been quietly taking reservations on a nonracial basis.
They are putting strong pressure on their police departments to keep order.
He can (1) point his car resolutely at the invading fender and force the other driver back into Lane A;
This negative explanation of courtesy on the freeways, however, does an injustice to Southern California drivers.
And with that he walked off to give instruction to a rookie pitcher.
Where can that improvement possibly come from?
Hansen will be getting a late spring training start, which might very well set him back.
I have a hunch Marv Breeding might move up a notch.
He jammed it this spring and has had to rest it, but he says the old injury hasn't bothered him.
He's been entirely different all spring.
Some people believe she did.
total disinterest
He pushes and straightens himself as if he can't stand the feeling of being held.
What future holds
Certainly, most continue to lack a certain warmth in communication with other people, but many adjust to school, even college, to jobs and even to marriage and parenthood.
-- Her choice of one color means she is simply enjoying the motor act of coloring, without having reached the point of selecting suitable colors for different objects.
The twirled, stylized design of winding stems and floral forms strongly suggests the embroidered patterns used so extensively for upholstery during the Jacobean period in England.
California Democrats this weekend will take the wraps off a 1962 model statewide campaign vehicle which they have been quietly assembling in a thousand district headquarters, party clubrooms and workers'backyards.
-- Arrangements for a statewide pre-primary endorsing convention in Fresno next Jan. 26-28.
Where only one club existed before, he says, two will flourish henceforth.
Carvey considers that former Vice President Nixon would be Brown's most formidable foe, with ex-Gov. Knight a close second.
It works with English, Russian, German, Hungarian or almost any other foreign tongue.
Evidently the war drum beating and hysteria so painstakingly being stirred up in the West have been planned long in advance.
He also demanded that Kennedy take additional measures to increase international tension: specifically to crush the Cuban revolution, resume nuclear testing, resist more vigorously admission of China to its lawful seat in the United Nations, and postpone non-military programs at home".
Moscow Novosti article in Russian, datelined London:
Moscow TASS in Russian datelined Sochi:
The West has no intention of attacking Russia.
"Remember the French railroad baron who was going to take me floating down the Nile"?
Sing Sing's prisoner strike was motivated by a reasonable purpose, a fair break from parole boards.
Specific broadening of travel rights.
Harold, with brothers Frank, Joe and William, took over at the death of their father, Harry M. Stevens, who put a few dollars into a baseball program, introduced the "hot dog" and paved the way for creation of a catering empire.
Lucius Beebe's book, "Mr. Pullman's Elegant Palace Car", fills us with nostalgia, recalling days when private cars and Pullmans were extra wonderful, with fine woodwork, craftsmanship in construction, deep carpets and durable upholstery.
A top official of the New Frontier who kept a record of his first weeks on the job here gives this report of his experiences:
Mrs. Dwyer's husband, M. Joseph Dwyer, was taking a 10-year-old boy from Union County on the tour of the Capitol during the final weeks of the last session.
Not rival
"And Jesus answering said unto him, Suffer it to be so now: for thus it becometh us to fulfill all righteousness.
we do well to conform this way with all that God requires.
the kingdom of Heaven is theirs".
There is one danger, however.
Styles run the gamut from slender and tapered with elongated toes to a newer squared toe shape.
In the casual field straws feature wedge heels of cork or carved wood in a variety of styles.
In a lacey open weave shoes have a luster finish, braided collar and bow highlight on the squared throat.
The same can be said of shaving yet the electric razor has proved useful to many men.
Since the apparatus is new, it requires experimentation and changes in technique.
No, other than cleaning out the pores and making the sweat glands work harder.
A back brace might help, depending upon the cause of sciatica.
There's more reading and instruction to be heard on discs than ever before, although the spoken rather than the sung word is as old as Thomas Alva Edison's first experiment in recorded sound.
Dover "publishes" what the company calls "Listen And Learn" Productions designed to teach foreign languages.
Two poets are paired on each record, in the order given above.
Investors breathed more freely when it was learned that this acrobatic dancer had turned magician and was only doing a best seller book to make some dough.
It motivates his behavior.
What can a mother do then to prevent misbehavior?
If he bites a playmate she says, "Danny won't like you".
The football opponent on homecoming is, of course, selected with the view that said opponent will have little more chance than did a Christian when thrown to one of the emperor's lions.
His bridgework or his plates feel loose and monstrous.
By then one begins to notice the middle-age spread;
In the stands he is lonely and lost, no matter how many are about him.
But it is no use.
Mr. Nixon, despite a very earnest effort to capture the minority groups, failed to do so.
They did not view the tour of the distressed cities and towns by Secretary of Labor Goldberg as politics, which the GOP declared it to be.
One may be sure the present Republican congressional leadership hasn't meant to repeat this error.
Hoped-for legislative action on adjustment of the county unit system stands less chance than ever.
But State Party Chairman James Gray of Albany said no, and he didn't mince any words.
The trouble is that at first glance the idea looks like such a good one.
Ike's somewhat like George Washington.
This land is in various stages of development in several locations throughout the town.
As this tax base grows so then can your medium and low density residential areas grow.
The "fruitful course" of metropolitanization that you recommend is currently practiced by the town of East Greenwich and had its inception long before we learned what it was called.
Feelers were put out last year to the City of Warwick, as reported in your newspapers, suggesting investigation of a common rubbish disposal area to service the Potowomut and Cowessett areas of Warwick along with East Greenwich.
Until professional planners meet this situation squarely and update the concepts of zoning in a manner acceptable to the courts, I hope we in East Greenwich can continue to shape our own destiny.
I am a sophomore at Mount Pleasant High School.
but I am also a young, able and willing girl who wants to study the Chinese language but is not old enough.
The Providence Sunday Journal article (Jan. 29) asking whether American taxpayers are being victimized by a gigantic giveaway to pay for the care of war veterans who have non-service-connected disabilities sounds as though The Providence Journal is desperate for news.
Some critics say that the length of stay in a hospital is too long.
The responsibility is still going to be there whether they pay for a VA hospital or the tax dollar is spent for the state hospital.
Chicago, Aug. 9
Why should Congress even consider allowing such a sum for that which can give no protection?
Is this what our children are to come face to face with when they are ready for college in a few years?
Douglas has voted for aid to Communists and for the destruction of individual freedom (public housing, foreign aid, etc.).
Chicago, Aug. 9
Independent market owners work six days a week;
Had I been granted the floor on a point of personal privilege, the matter she raised would have been clarified.
In these days of serious shortage of properly trained teachers qualified to teach physically handicapped and mentally handicapped children, the establishment of such an institute will be a major contribution to the field.
My son, who has completed two years in engineering school, has a summer job on a construction project as an unskilled laborer.
Congressman Wilbur D. Mills, chairman of the House Ways and Means Committee, asked the Department of Justice for its views on these legislative proposals as they related to anti-trust law enforcement.
Wilmette, Aug. 7
Those in the public eye should be good examples of American citizens while abroad.
to the editor:
"Plus-one" shelters
Sir -- People continue to inquire the reason for the race for outer space.
The people of Katanga had fought for, and obtained, their freedom from the Communist yoke of Antoine Gizenga, and his cohorts.
The trustees will prepare an annual budget for the college and submit it to the board of school estimate.
Change our taxing law so that no tax shall be charged to any owner for additions or improvements to his properties.
Sir -- Every resident of this city should visit the Newark Museum and see the exhibit "Our Changing Skyline in Newark".
It was very refreshing.
The 15th Street deposit is not to be confused with the nearby famous Mayflower Hotel cypress swamp on 17th Street reported in The Washington Post, August 2, 1955, which was probably formed during the second interglacial period and is therefore much younger.
2.
In 1950, Public Law 920 created Civil Defense (different from Civilian-groups of World War 2), a responsibility of the Government at all levels to help reduce loss of life and property in disaster, natural or manmade.
Use the terraces of the Capitol for a sidewalk cafe?
He, like most of us, wants to be able to sit, to contemplate and be moved by the great outdoors.
Recent statements by well-known scientists regarding the destructive power of the newest nuclear bombs and the deadly fall-outs should be sufficient to still the voices of those who advocate nuclear warfare instead of negotiations.
In the last war Russia lost more than ten million killed and its lands and factories were devastated.
Why not make a beginning with a united and disarmed Germany whose neutrality and immunity from nuclear bombing would be guaranteed by the Big Four powers and the United States?
"Section 2:
In your Sept. 27 editorial appraisal of the work of the First Session of the Eighty-seventh Congress you referred to the lack of "consciousness of destiny in a time of acute national and world peril".
For better subway services
In the last few years the telephone company has managed to automate many areas of their service.
Helping retarded children
Southfield schools furnish an old 45-passenger bus (the heater in which needs repair since some of the children ride a long distance and need the heat).
Our litterbug ordinances are not enforced and I have yet to read of a conviction in a littering case.
to the editor:
Ghost town?
Mr. George Hough (Oct. 30) sounds like a business man who waits until the last minute to leave his home or shop.
Two wrongs
to the editor of the Inquirer:
Just because Cheddi Jagan, new boss of British Guiana, was educated in the United States is no reason to think he isn't a Red.
Russia has showed its intentions by exploding bombs in peace time to try to frighten the world.
As has happened so often in the past, the ability to recognize true greatness has been inadequate and tardy.
however, several pertinent considerations deserve recognition.
So widen it as to minimize the present curves and eliminate drainage problems.
2.
Does each tentacle of the octopus of City Government reach out and lash at whatever it dislikes or considers an annoyance?
Indeed no.
to the editor of the Inquirer:
The new column by Maurice Stans regarding business scandals, is fair and accurate in most respects and his solution to the problem has some merit.
It is being fought, moreover, in fairly close correspondence with the predictions of the soothsayers of the think factories.
The escalation must end sometime, and probably quite soon.
If this capacity had not failed them, they would see that their enemy has made a disastrous miscalculation.
They are less vocal now, when it is the West Berliners who are migrating.
Mark Arnold-Foster writes: "People are leaving (West Berlin) because they think it is dying.
Vacancy
Who will take Stalin's place beside Lenin?
If Nikita buys a small plot in some modest rural cemetery, everyone will understand.
Whether the compromises -- on both sides -- that made possible the interim appointment can then be repeated remains to be seen.
These are mentalities which crave action -- and they are beginning to get it, as Messrs. Salsich and Engh report on page 372.
The country is committed to the doctrine of security by military means.
The annual butchery of 40,000 American men, women and children to satiate its blood-lust is excessive;
Then let the whole lot be hanged in a public mass execution on July 4, 1963.
True, the adherents of staying put are now reduced to a minor, even a miniscule sect, and their credo, "Home-keeping hearts are happiest", is as disreputable as Socinianism.
But the guilt is shared by the United States, Britain and France, the other members of the atomic club.
The trial balloons are afloat.
After declaring, in an article last month in Frontier Magazine, that the Russian testing "carries with it the possibility of the most tragic consequences of any action in the history of the world", he gave this estimate of the biologic and genetic consequences if the new Soviet shots totaled 200 megatons:
A recent study on radiation exposure by the AEC's division of biology and medicine stated: "The question of the biological effect of (radiation) doses is not considered" herein.
As of October 25, the AEC had reported 24 shots in the new Soviet series, 12 of them in a megaton range, including a super bomb with a yield of 30 to 50 megatons (the equivalent of 30 million to 50 million tons of TNT);
The second great dilemma has been the morality of nuclear testing, a dilemma which has suddenly become acute because of the present series of Soviet tests.
The first choice, abandoning tests entirely, would not only be unpopular domestically, but would surely be exploited by the Russians.
In particular, Governor Nelson Rockefeller has expressed as cogently and clearly as anyone the case for a resumption of atmospheric tests.
What we need to realize is that the increasingly great contamination of the atmosphere by the Soviet tests had radically increased our own moral obligations.
The Council we now know will concern itself directly only with the internal affairs of the Church.
The public appeal by the new Vatican Secretary of State, Cardinal Cicognani, for renewed efforts toward Eastern and Western reunion was still another remarkable act.
Furthermore, we find his defense of the unbalanced budget more dismaying than reassuring.
We wish the President would remember that "fiscal responsibility" was the battle-cry of the party that lost the election.
Speakers declared that Protestants often make use of it, if, perhaps, by some other name.
Everywhere I went in Formosa I asked the same question.
I recalled sympathetically the Duke's complaint in Browning's "My Last Duchess".
What are the relevant data?
Morale?
The soldiers themselves cannot stage a successful rebellion, it is assumed: but will their discontent spread to the officer class?
But the disposition to rebel is most definitely there.
The second mistake is Tibet.
They know that they must depend heavily on factors outside their own control.
A great deal depends on the crystallization of Mr. Kennedy's views on the world struggle.
Before memory, too, clouds over, let us make a note or two of what could be seen.
By our policy the West was -- is -- split.
The U.S. cannot take the initiative against the Left.
We can vote in the UN against South African apartheid or Portuguese rule in Angola, but we cannot even introduce a motion on the Berlin Wall -- much less, give the simple order to push the Wall down.
Our chief aim becomes that of finding favor in neutralist eyes.
Best from abroad.
Wildcat and The Unsinkable Molly Brown were originals, but pretty bad, leaving top honors again to an import -- the jaunty and charmingly French Irma La Douce.
most modern adapters totally accept the world of a book, squeeze it dry of life, and add only one contribution of their own: stage technique.
That exchange was not only possible but commonplace last week in Manhattan, as more and more New Yorkers were discovering 29th Street and Eighth Avenue, where half a dozen small nightclubs with names like Arabian Nights, Grecian Palace and Egyptian Gardens are the American inpost of belly dancing.
The girls sit quietly with the musicians, wearing prim dresses or plain, secretarial shifts, until it is time to go off to a back room and reappear in the spare uniform of the harem.
When a dancer does well, she provokes a quiet bombardment of dollar bills -- although the Manhattan clubs prohibit the more cosmopolitan practice of slipping the tips into the dancers'costumes.
As the girls come to belly dancing from this and other origins, the melting pot has never bubbled more intriguingly.
Gloria (surname: Ziraldo), circa 30, who was born in Italy and once did "chorus work" in Toronto, has been around longer than most of the others, wistfully remembers the old days when "we used to get the seamen from the ships, you know, with big turtleneck sweaters and handkerchiefs and all.
Schiele's paintings are anything but pleasant.
For a while his work was influenced deeply by the French impressionists, and by the patterned, mosaic-like paintings of Gustav Klimt, then the dean of Austrian art.
The children he painted were almost always in rags, his portraits were often ruthless to the point of ugliness, and his nudes -- including several self-portraits -- were stringy, contorted and strangely pathetic.
No doubt, there was still a lot in the Draft Program -- and in Khrushchev's speech -- which left many points obscure.
Would agriculture progress as rapidly as industry?
Mikoyan declared:
But Albania is merely a symptom of a real malaise between China and Russia.
Was not this dropped primarily in order to "appease" the Chinese -- especially after "Khrushchev's "humiliating" surrender to the West in canceling the German peace-treaty deadline of December 31?
On a misty Sunday morning last month, a small band of militant anti-Communists called the Minutemen held maneuvers in a foggy field about fifteen miles east of here.
A 60 mm. mortar and a 57 mm. recoilless rifle owned by Lauchli were brought along.
There were no "casualties", but the "guerrillas" admitted to being "a little tired" when the leaders called a halt at 9 A.M. to enable out-of-town members to catch a plane.
the rub arises from the fact that teachers are usually paid on the basis of time served rather than quality.
What we will be sacrificing in any such arrangement will be our power to be selective which is contained in the reciprocal trade principle under which we now operate.
If it is not enough that all of our internationalist One Worlders are advocating that we join this market, I refer you to an article in the New York Times'magazine section (Nov. 12, 1961), by Mr. Eric Johnston, entitled "We Must Join The Common Market".
In short, get this governmental monstrosity off our backs and we won't have to worry about European competition or Communism either.
Now, more than five years later, I cannot in any realistic sense be called a trained soldier.
(A wry sidelight on this is that most of my students have deferments from the draft in order to attend my classes.
It doesn't take a Gore Vidal to tell you what's wrong with Cherokee Textile's slogan (Pitney-Bowes Objects", July 1).
I found recently a very small article in the New York Times:
But who will act now and immediately to save the life of Alan Pope?
"A'dust-settling'period of decadence and decline".
French Revolution -- Conservative Revolution?
N.C. has said something important so well that this preacher will many times be tempted to quote the whole piece.
Thanks for continuing to capture the attention and uncover so many areas of need in this amazing world.
Facts in focus
The charges by the late junior Senator from Wisconsin not only destroyed innocent people but misled the nation.
I am sure that they did when Eisenhower was President.
I don't know if this is the situation in other parts of the country;
During the war, we set up schools for the teaching of psychological warfare, which included the teaching of propaganda, both black and white and the various shades of grey in between.
There apparently is no school of propaganda or psychological warfare.
One should be able to get hold of the book at once.
Sir Robert Watson-Watt's "rebuttal" of Sir Charles Snow's Godkin Lectures is marred throughout by too forceful a desire to defend Lindemann and apparently himself from Sir Charles'supposed falsehoods while stating those "falsehoods" in an unclear incoherent argument.
To the unfortunate people unable to attend the Godkin lectures it casts an unjustifiable aura of falsehood over the book which may dissuade some people from reading it.
He flounders and lets music sprawl.
The "Ring" cycles are July 26, 27, 28 and 30, and Aug. 21, 22, 23 and 25.
Allied Arts Corporation first listed the Chicago dates as Dec. 4 thru 10.
So I started making some calls of my own.
So the Kirov will fly back to Russia, minus a Chicago engagement, a serious loss for dance fans -- and for the frustrated bookers, cancellation of one of the richest bookings in the country.
Perhaps the lesson we should take from these pages is that the welfare state in England still allows wild scope for all kinds of rugged eccentrics.
It's a horror.
It's a wonder, really, to how much mendacious trouble Larkin puts himself to sell the Jerebohms that preposterous manse.
If, in Larkin's eyes, they are nothing but Piccadilly farmers, he has as much to learn about them as they have to learn about the ways of truly rural living.
Nikolai Cherkasov, the Russian actor who has played such heroic roles as Alexander Nevsky and Ivan the Terrible, performs the lanky Don Quixote, and does so with a simple dignity that bridges the inner nobility and the surface absurdity of this poignant man.
Though his character is broader and more comically rounded than the don, he gives it a firmness and toughness -- a sort of peasant dignity -- too.
The program came out of the NBC Special Projects department, and was slotted in the Du Pont Show Of The Week series.
"Chicago And All That Jazz" could not be faulted on the choice of artists.
However well chosen and cleverly arranged, such memorabilia unfortunately amounted to more of an interruption than an auxiliary to the evening's main business, which (considering the talent at hand) should probably have been the gathering of fresh samples of the Chicago style.
As she gained composure during the second act, her technical resourcefulness emerged stronger, though she had already revealed a trill almost unprecedented in years of performances of "Lucia".
Her debut over, perhaps the earlier scenes will emerge equally fine.
She will sing "La Sonambula" with it here next week.
but when the sounds of the two speakers are allowed to mix, there is excellent depth and dimension to the music.
The Percussive Twenties (SP-44006) stirs pleasant memories with well-known songs of that day, and Johnny Keating's Kombo gives forth with tingling jazz in Percussive Moods (SP-44005).
The major studios maintain a cadre of film librarians and research specialists who look to this matter.
He intimated that they weren't doing the country much good in the Cold War.
In vying with him, Mr. D'Albert also seemed to be overdriving his tone.
Standard items by Sarasate and Saint-Saens completed the program.
And the Prokofieff Seventh Sonata had the combination of romanticism and modern bravura that Prokofieff needs.
It is "Defeat Into Victory", by Field Marshal Viscount Slim.
On the whole this is an interesting and exceptionally well-written book.
He believed in making inspiring speeches and he made a great many.
roads and river barges to be built.
If 500 Japanese were ordered to hold a position, we had to kill 495 before it was ours -- and then the last five killed themselves".
The Latin, for example, was not only clear;
The combination proved quite irresistible last night.
The girls are charming children and the men are wonderfully vital and engaging youngsters.
The Theatre-by-the-Sea, Matunuck, presents "King Of Hearts" by Jean Kerr and Eleanor Brooke.
This may be unfortunate, perhaps, from the standpoint of David Hedison, Providence's contribution to Hollywood, who is appearing by special arrangement with 20th Century-Fox.
The angriest young man in Newport last night was at the Playhouse, where "Epitaph For George Dillon" opened as the jazz festival closed.
It is awfully talky, for instance, and not all of the talk is terribly impressive.
" With music and lyrics by Frank Loesser, directed by Christopher Hewett, choreography by Peter Conlow, musical direction by Samuel Matlowsky.
The whole production this week is fresh and lively.
The book is by Jerome Weidman and George Abbott, music by Jerry Bock, lyrics by Sheldon Harnick, choreography by Peter Gennaro, scenery, costumes and lighting by William and Jean Eckart, musical direction by Jack Elliott, and the production was directed by Mr. Abbott.
As for the ladies, they were full of charm, and sincerity, and deep and abiding affection for this hurrying driving, honest, little man.
The sets are remarkably elaborate for a road-show that doesn't pause long in any one place, and they are devised so that they shift with a minimum of interruption or obtrusiveness.
If most of them weren't exactly specific -- well, that's the way it is in life, I guess.
To anyone who remembers Newport at its less than maximum violence, this view of what the boys and girls do in the springtime before they wing north for the Jazz Festival ought to prove entertaining.
Miss Hardwick speaks of his "superb gift for intellectual friendship", and it is certainly a joy to see the intellectual life lived so free from either academic aridity or passionate dogmatism.
To James this vision never quite came, despite his appreciation of it in others.
The one unifying note, if any, is sounded in the initial article entitled: "How To Get Through The Day".
Equally penetrating in its fashion is the following remark by a lady in the course of a literary conversation: "So much has already been written about everything that you can't find out anything about it".
That is, it is literally a picture window: you don't see into the viscera;
But there is a difference between the present volume and the early Low.
In the thirties we would not face our enemy;
McCarthy?
And Khrushchev turned out to be prime copy for the most witty caricaturist of them all.
(The followers of bullies invariably are aggrieved about the very things they plan to do to others.
the author possesses an uncommonly fine English style, and he is dealing with subjects of vast importance that are highly topical for our time.
"You see, first of all and in a sense as the source of all other ills, the unshakeable American commitment to the principle of unconditional surrender: The tendency to view any war in which we might be involved not as a means of achieving limited objectives in the way of changes in a given status quo, but as a struggle to the death between total virtue and total evil, with the result that the war had absolutely to be fought to the complete destruction of the enemy's power, no matter what disadvantages or complications this might involve for the more distant future".
As Kennan shows, the judgment of the Allied governments about what was happening in Russia was warped by the obsession of defeating Germany.
On Stalin:
And in a concluding chapter about America's stance in the contemporary world, one senses certain misplacements of emphasis and a failure to come to grips with the baffling riddle of our time: How to deal with a wily and aggressive enemy without appeasement and without war.
So Enright's courting of the mettlesome Ellen is impeded considerably, thereby providing the tale which is told.
she fits into the general scheme well enough.
So is that of the limber company of lasses who whirl and glide and quickstep under Jack Cole's expert choreographic direction.
Some of the New York Philharmonic musicians who live in the suburbs spent yesterday morning digging themselves free from snow.
Fortunate for the music itself, it is not too frequent a visitor;
it tends to be hard and colorless.
It runs a little more than ten minutes, is workmanlike, busy, methodical and featureless.
Regina Resnik as Laura and Cesare Siepi as Alvise also were new to the cast, but only with respect to this season;
"Melodious birds sing madrigals" saith the poet and no better description of the madrigaling of the Deller Consort could be imagined.
As a result no comparable literature of the period is better known and better studied nor more often performed than the English madrigal.
The elements of elegance and color in Jannequin are strong French characteristics.
Couperin also turns up along with some lesser-known contemporaries on a disk called Musique Francaise Du 18e Siecle (BAM LD 060).
Works by J. C. Bach, Anton Craft, Joseph Haydn, Giuseppe Sammartini, Comenico Dragonetti and J. G. Janitsch were performed by seven instrumentalists including Anabel Brieff, flutist, Josef Marx, oboist, and Robert Conant, pianist and harpsichordist.
On the contrary, Miss Mao and Mr. Fuller chose many of their arrangements from the works of composers such as Mendelssohn, Dvorak, Canteloube, Copland and Britten.
Chabrier's delightful music stands just at the point where the classical, rationalist tradition, (handed down to Chabrier largely in the form of operetta and salon music) becomes virtually neo-classicism.
Had a funny experience at Newport yesterday afternoon.
And Judy sang the lovely old familiar things which seemed, at times, a blessed relief from the way-out compositions of the progressive jazzmen who have dominated these proceedings.
In her first song she waved away one encroaching photographer who dared approach the throne unbidden and thereafter the boys with the cameras had to unsheathe their 300 mm. lenses and shoot at extreme range.
The audience wouldn't let her leave until it had heard "Over The Rainbow" -- although the fellow that kept crying for "Get Happy" had to go home unhappy, about that item anyway.
Unfortunately, Blakey doesn't choose to work much of the time in this vein.
it prevents late-comers from missing some of the people they have come a long way to hear, and it gives the resident musicians a chance to perform before the famous Newport audience.
George Shearing took over with his well disciplined group, a sextet consisting of vibes, guitar, bass, drums, Shearing's piano and a bongo drummer.
Demonstrating the primitive African rhythmic backgrounds of the Blues was Michael Babatunde Olatunji, who plays such native drums as the konga and even does a resounding job slapping his own chest.
Perhaps one of the reasons these Sonatas are not programmed more often is their great length.
The London label offers an operatic recital by Ettore Bastianini, a baritone whose fame is international.
One frequently has the feeling that the order of their movement combinations could be transposed without notable loss of effect, there is too little suggestion of organic relationship and development.
But we need not mind too much, because Mr. Nagrin has expressed it through movement that is diverting and clever almost all the way.
This season the orchestra has already taken a step toward the suburbs in that it is giving six subscription concerts for the Orchestral Society of Westchester in the County Center in White Plains.
Mr. Wallenstein, who will lead all of the concerts in the cycle, also conducted the "Leonore" Overture No. 3 and the Fourth Symphony.
It finally reached Broadway in the second and successful version of "Strike Up The Band" in 1929.
Altogether fifteen virtually unknown Rodgers and Hart songs are sung by a quintet of able vocalists.
stereo LSO 1065), but in this case it is the music that stands above the lyrics.
It simply isn't, not by a long shot.
One high-up camera shot is magnificent, as the Germans straggle from a cathedral, dotting a huge, cobblestone square, and drop their weapons.
How Maxwell recounts his first coming to Camusfearna, his furnishing the empty house with beach-drift, the subtle changes in season over ten years, is a moving experience.
Given a small ball or marbles, he would invent games and play by himself for hours.
Yet the idyll ended.
On the contrary, the old plays are continually being reinterpreted, and each new production of a classic has only a brief history at the Comedie.
The speaking of the lines seemed excessively slow and stately, possibly in an effort to capture the spirit of 17th century elegance.
Accordingly, at the Comedie last year, Jean Meyer played a sympathetic Arnolphe and drew criticism for turning the comedy into a tragedy.
Occasionally, Seigner draws some justly deserved laughs by his quick shifts from one personality to another.
Here some innovation is attempted.
Django, who was born Jean Baptiste Reinhardt in Belgium and who died in 1953 in France, was an extraordinary man.
Kid Ory, the trombonist chicken farmer, is also one of the solid anchor points of jazz.
All this will serve to show off the Ory style in fine fashion and is a must for those who want to collect elements of the old-time jazz before it is too late to lay hands on the gems.
The Creston is purely a potboiler, with Spanish, English, French and American dances mixed into the stew.
With Julie London enacting the central role with husky-voiced sincerity, the longsuffering heroine is at least attractive.
And please it did, in every sense of the word, for it had the audience shouting much of the time in a manner far from typical of London audiences.
And why do we in the West know so few of his ballets?
a stirring "Flames Of Paris" pas de deux by Xenia Ter-Stepanova and Alexandre Pavlovsky, and a lovely version of Fokine's "Le Cygne" by Olga Moiseyeva, which had to be repeated.
This is a remarkable book and an astonishingly interesting one.
In the process he writes at length about many related matters: the importance of race, religion, local tradition, bosses, organizations, zealous volunteers and television.
He was above all a friend seeker, almost pathetic in his eagerness to be liked.
Pressures portrayed
Miss Pons is certainly not 70 -- no singer ever is -- and yet the rewards of the evening again lay more in paying tribute to a great figure of times gone by than in present accomplishments.
Radio is easily outdistancing television in its strides to reach the minority listener.
For 10 years Sponsor has issued an annual survey of the size and characteristics of the Negro market and of successful techniques for reaching this market through radio.
It also brought home proof of something a casual observer might have missed: that more than half of the U.S. Negroes live outside the southeastern states.
Advertisers have discovered the tendency of Negroes to shop for brand names they have heard on stations catering to their special interests.
The sociological impact is perhaps most eloquently summed up in this quotation of J. Walter Carroll of KSAN, San Francisco:
Obviously Sloan's early years were influenced by his close friend Robert Henri.
the multifigure "Traveling Carnival", in which action is vivified by lighting;
The current exhibition, which remains on view through Oct. 29, has tapped 14 major collections and many private sources.
Herr Riefling, in everything he gave his large Beethoven Hall audience, proved himself as an interpreter of unobtrusive authority.
The entrance of the Stadtisches Gesangverein (Bonn's civic chorus) was worth all the waiting, however, as the young Rhenish voices finally brought the music to life.
Dr. W. B. Bonnor, reader in mathematics at Queen Elizabeth College, London;
Dr. Bonnor supports the idea that the universe both expands and contracts, that in several billion years the expansion will slow up and reverse itself and that the contraction will set in.
Protons and electrons bear opposite electrical charges which make them attract each other, and when they are joined they make up an atom of hydrogen -- the basic building block of matter.
Several photographs and charts of galaxies help the non-scientist keep up with the discussion, and the smooth language indicates the contributors were determined to avoid the jargon that seems to work its way into almost every field.
The burden of Mr. Wesker's message is that people living close to the soil (at least in England) are not the happy, fine, strong, natural, earthy people city-bred intellectuals imagine.
She is just home from a sojourn in London where she has become the sweetheart of a young fellow named Ronnie (we never do see him) and has been subjected to a first course in thinking and appreciating, including a dose of good British socialism.
The audience filled all the seats inside the Wollman enclosure and overflowed onto the lawns outside the fence.
Some remained in the Wollman enclosure, fortified with raincoats or with newspapers to cover their heads.
If any among the hardy hundreds who sat in the downpour are in doubt about how it comes out, let them take comfort.
If the voice is just a shade less glorious than it used to be, it is still a beautiful instrument, controlled and flexible.
All the more reason why there should have been no place for the frills;
As Brother John Sellers sang five "blues" to the guitar and drum accompaniments of Bruce Langhorne and Shep Shepard, Mr. Ailey and Miss De Lavallade went through volatile dances that were by turns insinuating, threatening, contemptuous and ecstatic.
The result is rather wonderful, but so rich as to be indigestible if taken in too thick slices.
He ignores guidebook facts.
at the sun and the heat of Mediterranean lands, always much brighter and hotter to an Englishman than to an American used to summers in New York or Kansas City;
How far that pedimented and pillared style has shed its influence Mr. Sansom reminds us thus:
The play's device is to explore society's obsession with disaster and violence through the eyes of a group of artist's models who remain part of someone else's painting rather than just be themselves.
The enterprising program is heard Saturday afternoons on radio station Aj.
It is good to see those numbers again.
The only other regions so blessed are the British Isles, western Europe, eastern China, southern Chile and parts of Japan, New Zealand and Tasmania.
In the Maritime provinces farther east, the tones are a little quieter.
Farther south in New York there is a heavy haze of color over the Catskills in mid-October, notably along routes 23 and 23A.
In Minnesota, Arrowhead County and route 53 north to International Falls are outstanding.
The Corn Palace at Mitchell, S. Dak., "the world's corniest building", has a carnival through Sept. 23 headlining the Three Stooges and Pee Wee Hunt.
clock without hands.
A Matter Of Life And Death.
Two noted troupes from overseas will get the fall dance season off to a sparkling start.
Movies
Jeremiah Peabody's polyunsaturated quick dissolving fast acting pleasant tasting green and purple pills.
west coast.
The Corinthian Yacht Club in Tiburon launches its winter races Nov. 5.
Marinas are less plush than the Florida type but service is good and Creole cooking better.
One looked forward to Mr. Remarque's ninth book if only because not even a reasonably good novel has yet been written grounded on automobile racing, as dramatic a sport as mankind has devised.
the automobile racing bears little relation to reality.
But it is in the matter of preoccupation with death, which is the primary concern of the book, that Remarque's failure is plainest.
Clerfayt, driving, sees himself "a volcano whose cone funneled down to hell";
Each feels intensely national.
She pushed wartorn and poverty-stricken nations into prosperity, but she failed to lead them into unity and world peace.
Montgomery calls for a leader who will first put the West's own house in order.
The man whom he would select as our leader for this great task is De Gaulle.
Like Eisenhower, he holds the militarist's suspicion of politicians.
To be sure, Lanza made numerous concert tours, here and abroad, but these did not take him to New York where the carping critic might lurk.
To eat is human, the nation is learning to think, to survive divine.
Pursuing it, he has logged 500,000 miles, suffered indescribable digestive indignities, and meticulously collected physiological data on the health and eating habits of 10,000 individuals, from Bantu tribesmen to Italian contadini.
And extra weight increases the risk of cancer, diabetes, artery disease and heart attack.
Says Keys: "Maybe if the idea got around again that obesity is immoral, the fat man would start to think".
So does cold weather.
Reports Dr. Keys: "A fairly common experience for us is the wife who finds her husband staying out more and more.
But Keys worries that the Metrecal drinker will never make either the psychological or physiological adjustment to the idea of eating smaller portions of food.
"A remarkable substance", says Dr. Keys, "quite apart from its tendency to be deposited in the walls of arteries".
Even eggs and other cholesterol-rich foods, eaten in normal amounts, says Dr. Keys, do not materially affect the amount of cholesterol in the blood.
Mono-unsaturated fats have room for two more hydrogens on each molecule, and the poly-unsaturated fat molecule has room for at least four hydrogens.
Just a few centuries ago the world of spirits was as populous and real as the world of material entities.
In doing so science has unquestionably cleared up widespread misconceptions, removed extraneous and illusory sources of fear, and dispelled many undesirable popular superstitions.
As the play opens the audience is introduced to the community of Salem in Puritan America at the end of the eighteenth century.
It grows terribly and unavoidably in power and leaves in its wake a trail of misery, moral disintegration, and destruction.
We are left helpless to cope with it because we do not dare speak of it as anything real for fear that to do so would imply a commitment to that which has already been discredited and proved false.
Yet such is the dramatic power of his writing that the audience is nevertheless left in the grip of the terrible power and potency of that which came over Salem.
We cannot, of course, assign it any substance.
The idea of community and the idea of spirit are two distinct and separable ideas.
When we say that a mythological mode of thought must be completely abandoned, we mean it must be abandoned as the sole or proper means for presenting the Christian understanding of existence.
Time and again in counseling and teaching, one encounters members of this group whose attempts to bring into some kind of unity the insubstantial mythologies of their "fundamentalist" heritage and the stubborn reality of the modern world are only too painfully obvious.
There is an ancient and venerable tradition in the church (which derives, however, from the heritage of the Greeks rather than from the Bible) that God is completely independent of his creation and so has no need of men for accomplishing his work in the world.
Expressed differently: if the price for becoming a faithful follower of Jesus Christ is some form of self-destruction, whether of the body or of the mind -- sacrificium corporis, sacrificium intellectus -- then there is no alternative but that the price remain unpaid.
) Tillich as well.
Whereas Bultmann's "center" position is structurally inconsistent and is therefore indefensible on formal grounds alone, the general position of the "right", as represented, say, by Karl Barth, involves the rejection or at least qualification of the demand for demythologization and so is invalidated on the material grounds we have just considered.
It will be recalled from the discussion in Section 7 that the position of the "right", as represented by Barth, rests on the following thesis: The only tenable alternative to Bultmann's position is a theology that (1) rejects or at least qualifies his unconditioned demand for demythologization and existential interpretation;
I came to England last summer to do research on the unpublished letters of Cardinal Newman.
A Birmingham newspaper printed in a column for children an article entitled "The True Story of Guy Fawkes", which began:
She found this a marvel because, as she said, only six per cent of English people are churchgoers.
While it must be said that these same Protestants have built some new churches during this period, and that religious population shifts have emptied churches, a principal reason for this phenomenon of redundancy is that fewer Protestants are going to church.
I have found myself saying with other foreigners here that English Catholics are good Catholics.
In this connection, it has been observed that the increasing number of Irish Catholics, priests and laity, in England, while certainly seen as good for Catholicism, is nevertheless a source of embarrassment for some of the more nationalistic English Catholics, especially when these Irishmen offer to remind their Christian brethren of this good.
The Catholic priest, though somewhat superficially drawn, easily came out the best.
It was the first time an English Primate has done this since the 14th century.
Christianity declares that in the life and death of Jesus Christ the unique and the universal concur.
As represented by a spiral, history may, in some sense, be said to repeat itself;
Adam and Eve were perfect, not in the sense that they possessed perfection, but in the sense that they were capable of development toward perfection.
Thus the image of God is that which makes a man a man and not an oyster;
yet he did not stop being human as a result.
His interpretation of the beginning on the basis of the end prompts him to draw these parallels between the Virgin Eve and the Virgin Mary.
In any case, though they had been promised immortality if they ate of the tree, they obtained mortality instead.
It is probably fair to say that the idea of death is more profound in Irenaeus than the idea of sin is.
Such efforts almost always find themselves compelled to ask whether Adam was created capable of growing old and then older and then still older, in short, whether Adam's life was intended to be part of the process of time.
Such an interpretation of death radically alters the Christian view of creation;
Their demand against the Calvinist Orthodoxy for intellectual liberty had never meant that they would follow "free inquiry" to the extreme of proclaiming Christianity a "natural" religion.
It was indeed a near thing, but somehow the inherent decency of New England (which we inherit) did triumph.
Hence he was in his lifetime, as is the memory of him afterwards, a canker within the liberal sensitivity.
It has been endlessly rephrased, but I may here put it thus: at what point do the tolerant find themselves obliged to become intolerant?
But Theodore Parker, commencing his mission to the world-at-large, disguised as the minister of a "twenty-eighth Congregational Church" which bore no resemblance to the Congregational polities descended from the founders (among which were still the Unitarian churches), made explicit from the beginning that the conflict between him and the Hunkerish society was not something which could be evaporated into a genteel difference about clerical decorum.
Boston has been controlled by a few capitalists, lawyers and other managers, who told the editors what to say and the preachers what to think".
It is idle to ask why we are no longer disturbed if somebody, professing the deepest piety, decides anew that it is of no importance whether or not Christ transformed the water into wine at eleven A.M. on the third of August, A.D. 32.
Although still aware of a great light and glow of warmth in the Book, I stood outside shivering in the cold.
I believe, therefore, that we are without exception sinners, by nature alienated from God, and that Jesus Christ, the Son of God, came to earth, the representative Head of a new race, to die upon the cross and pay the penalty of the sin of the world, and that he who thus receives Christ as his personal Saviour is "born again" spiritually, with new privileges, appetites, and affections, destined to live and grow in His likeness forever.
As I ministered to his needs, I noticed that his face was radiant in spite of his suffering and I learned that he was trusting not only in the skill of his doctor and nurse but also the Lord.
Are you longing for peace in your heart?
Then, with the hymn writer of old, you can say:
Proof?
Gaining outer space and losing "inner" space is bad business according to God's standards.
Is forgiveness of past sins, assurance of present help, and hope of future bliss in your orbit?
Accept the sinless Son of God, Jesus Christ, as your own personal Saviour.
Dr. George W. Crane, a medical columnist, thinks it would.
One doctor made a careful survey of his patients and the reasons for their troubles, and he reported that 40% of them worried about things that never happened;
We spend billions of dollars at the race tracks, and more billions on other forms of gambling.
Does that explain why there is now such a big boom in the bomb shelter business?
It is said that fear in human beings produces an odor that provokes animals to attack.
Well, you say, those are beautiful words all right, but it was easy for the psalmist to sing them in his day.
What a terrible thing, that "wailing wall" in Berlin!
The normal rate of suicides in East Berlin was one a day, but since the border was closed on August 13 it has jumped to 25 a day!
Notice that this man had a threefold conception of God which is the secret of his faith.
he could only see the light coming over the horizon.
The apostle Paul said the same thing in the language and faith of the New Testament: "He that spared not His own Son, but delivered Him up for us all, how shall He not with Him freely give us all things?
And so the psalmist gives us one more picture of God: "The Lord is the strength of my life".
Among the many severe measures taken by the First Emperor, Shih Huang-ti, in his efforts to insure the continuation of this hard-won national unity, was the burning of the books in 213 B.C., with the expressed intention of removing possible sources for divergent thinking;
Such an analysis speedily reveals why the middle number of the Lo Shu, 5, was so vitally significant for the Chinese ever since the earliest hints that they had a knowledge of this diagram.
and in this square, the respective pairs made up of large and small odd (Yang) numbers, and those composed of large and small even (Yin) numbers, were all equal to each other.
This trend has often been ascribed to the cult of the Five Elements itself, as though they had served as the base for all the rest;
For the Lo Shu square was a remarkably complete compendium of most of the chief religious and philosophical ideas of its time.
During the Han dynasty, another Yin-Yang conception was applied to the Lo Shu, considering the latter as a plan of Ancient China.
the 8, the Chi in the Northeast;
A program of Lay Visitation Evangelism can end in dismal defeat with half the new members drifting away unless practical plans and strenuous efforts are made to keep them in the active fellowship.
It is unfair and unchristian to ask a person to take the sacred vows of Church membership before he has been carefully instructed concerning their implications.
This is not a social call.
Those who join the Church need to be instructed in the faith and the meaning of Christian discipleship before they take the sacred vows.
-- Duties of Church Membership;
The budget of the church may be presented and pledges solicited at this session.
Some churches have six or more training sessions of two hours each, generally held on Sunday night or during the week.
Urge them to write out their questions for the box.
Assign a series of catechism questions to be memorized.
For most of them, it will be their first experience in membership training, since this is a recent development in many churches.
It will help to determine the attitude of the new members toward the Church.
2)
Lead the congregation in a response of welcome.
Every member of the family must have a vital place in its life.
Still another denomination had 7,360,187 members twenty years ago.
It must be planned and carefully developed.
-- Inspiring and challenging worship experiences
Massacres attending the partition of India and the establishment of the State of Israel are simply recent grim evidences of the hostility such divisions can engender.
The suggestion is naive.
Approached creatively, it is a high art.
Fortunately the number of pathological bigots appears to be quite small, but it would be a mistake to think that more than a matter of degree separates them from the rest of us.
Colonialism alone would have been able to make these difficulties serious, for Christianity is so closely tied to colonialism in the minds of these people that repudiation of the one has tended automatically toward the repudiation of the other.
In 1960 Ceylon nationalized its sectarian -- preponderantly Christian -- schools, to the rejoicing of most of its 7,000,000 Buddhists and the lament of its 800,000 Roman Catholics.
Although I have emphasized the barriers which an aroused nationalism has raised against relations between Christians and non-Christians in Asia, the fact is that this development has also widened the gulf between certain Afro-Asian religions themselves.
The trend throughout the world's religions has been toward a recognition of at least the practical validity of this constitutional enactment.
And in this country Gustave Weigel's delineation of the line between the sacral and secular orders during the last presidential campaign served to provide a most impressive Roman Catholic defense of the practical autonomy of both church and state.
The Roman Catholic Church has excommunicated one of its priests, Father Feeney, for insisting that there is no salvation outside the visible church.
This is what, in a technical sense, to "only permit" an evil result means.
He does not expect to be able to trammel up all the future consequences of his action.
Nevertheless, the consequence of the policy proposed is everywhere subtly qualified: it is "a possible result, however improbable";
But I can only make this choice because I believe that the risk need not increase, but may be deliberately reduced" (by precautions against accidents or by limiting war?
But one does not have to affirm the existence of an evil order irredeemable in that sense, or a static order in which no changes will take place in time, to be able truthfully to affirm the following fact: there has never been justitia imprinted in social institutions and social relationships except in the context of some pax-ordo preserved by clothed or naked force.
"It is no good recommending surrender rather than nuclear warfare with the proviso that surrender could be followed by the effective military resistance by occupied peoples.
For almost one-sixth of the national population discrimination in the free selection of residence casts a considerable shadow upon these values assumed as self-evident by most Americans.
Several New England realtors were invited to participate in a small colloquium of property lawyers, political scientists, economists, social psychologists, social ethicists and theologians.
and whether these would qualify them for "congenial", "happy" relations to other people in certain community areas.
As our discussion continued, the inadequacy of the "client relationship" as an interpretation of their "way of operating" became evident.
Also, it does not recognize the elements of choice and judgment continually employed.
Relevant "facts", however, extend beyond considerations of property values and maintenance of "harmonious" neighborhoods.
Official reasoning: the bill was a "wanton invasion of basic property rights".
Such judgments are meaningful only in so far as persons are members of a world, let us say a community, that embraces Scarsdale or Yonkers, but is also infinitely richer since it is all-inclusive.
If we look about the world today, we can see clearly that there are two especially significant factors shaping the future of our civilization: science and religion.
You know that I could hold right here in my hand the little chunk of uranium metal that was the heart of the bomb that dropped on Hiroshima.
there is also hydrogen in wood and hydrogen in our bodies.
Then think of Delaware Bay and the ocean and you see that we have a supply of power for millions of years to come.
Then I calculated that a million peas would just about fill a household refrigerator;
Next we imagine our blizzard raging over all the land areas of the entire globe -- North America, South America, Europe, Asia, and Africa, all covered with peas four feet deep;
Let us focus on an atom of calcium from the tip of the bone of my finger and let us suppose that I swallow a magic Alice In Wonderland growing pill.
It is this atomic nucleus that contains the positive charge of electricity holding these negatively charged electrons in their orbits;
and therefore the atom was really just a little machine;
These ripples spread out in symmetrical patterns like the rose windows of a great cathedral.
During about three and a half months of the year, in the summer, there are three boats that run from the mainland to the Island carrying passengers, food, and cars;
At times we can say that it was the major factor.
At best only an approximation could be arrived at.
What we can attempt with some hope of dependable conclusions is to point out the manner in which Christianity entered into particular aspects of the life of the nation.
The great seal of the United States was obviously inspired by the Christian faith.
We must also remember those who reacted against the dream as a kind of myth -- among them Melville, Hawthorne, and Henry James the elder, all of them out of a Christian background.
We should recall the number of movements for the service of mankind which arose from the kindred Evangelicalism of the British Isles and the Pietism of the Continent of Europe -- among them prison reform, anti-slavery measures, legislation for the alleviation of conditions of labour, the Inner Mission, and the Red Cross.
For example, in 1693 the Philadelphia Yearly Meeting of Friends declared that its members should emancipate their slaves and in 1776 it determined to exclude from membership all who did not comply.
Chiefly remembered because of his incessant advocacy of "immediate and unconditional abolition", he also espoused a great variety of other causes -- among them women's rights, prohibition, and justice to the Indians.
They and others employed some of Finney's techniques as they sought to win adherents to the cause.
Royal lineages could be based on extraordinary worldly achievements translated into eternal otherworldly power.
By swaying the balance between them, he effected the alternation of the seasons.
Men believed they could control nature by obeying a moral code.
Mahayana Buddhism was no exception to these prevailing magical concepts.
But let us not be mistaken about Confucian "virtue";
Actually, Zen owes more to Chinese Quietism than it does to Mahayana Buddhism.
The truth -- the Eternal Truth -- is not transmittable by words.
As the Zen literature reveals, as soon as an early Zen master attained fame in seclusion, he was called out into the world to exercise his powers.
(1)"
A closer look at modern Zen reveals many magical carryovers that are still part of popular Zen attitudes.
"We hope", they said, "that no family can be found amongst us without a correct version of the Holy Scriptures".
Holiness without which no man will see God.
Therefore as through one man sin entered into the world and through sin death, and thus death has passed unto all men because all have sinned.
.
if we are born of god we have faith in Christ as the only saviour.
1 St. John 18.
He who does not love abides in death.
I am convinced of this, that he who has begun a good work in you will bring it to perfection until the day of Christ Jesus.
St. John 3: 3, 5-7.
not as the outcome of works, lest anyone may boast.
St. John 36.
To have Christ dwelling through faith in your hearts.
the new birth is a work of god.
you cannot go to heaven unless you are born again.
Men spit on Him.
It is permitted.
The latch is on your side of the door.
When I came into being, 15 years ago, I had one primary purpose: to help men and women everywhere to know God better, and through knowing Him better to become happier and more effective people.
Experts in the publishing field consider this astounding.
It is mankind's wistful yearning for a world of justice and peace.
But from the start they had two important ingredients: sincerity and realism.
That was when a remarkable woman, Teresa Durlach, came to my aid -- not so much with money, as with wisdom and courage.
They say all personnel have spiritual needs which Guideposts helps to meet.
Glenn Kittler has been twice to Africa, once spending a week with Dr. Albert Schweitzer.
Starr Jones gets up every morning at five o'clock, milks his family cow, attends to farm chores, and then takes a two-hour train trip to New York.
That is the kind of people they are.
It takes many forms, this prayer, but in essence it is always a request for guidance, for open minds and gentle hearts, for honesty and sincerity, for the wisdom and the insights that will help Guideposts'readers.
Already the city was filled with Barbudos, the bearded, war-dirty Revolutionaries, carrying carbines, waving to the crowds that lined the Prado.
I was full of hope as Fidel Castro came into Havana.
He had promised cheaper housing: arbitrarily he cut all rents in half, whether the landlord was a millionaire speculator or a widow whose only income was the rental of a spare room.
What should I do about it, I asked myself?
It was a simple ivory crucifix which my mother had given me.
After all, a guy's gotta have a little ego!
Jack Boissoneault, who was with us last month;
He's crazy about water skiing and swimming and this vigorous exercise in conjunction with the added food supplements packed pounds of solid muscle on his skinny frame.
Mr. Claude is a specialist in torso development and he has long favored the now-famous Weider Push-Pull Super-Set technique in which one exercise of the Super-Set is a pressing or "pushing" movement which accents one sector of a muscle group in a specific way, followed by a "pulling" exercise which works the opposing sector of the same muscle group.
In the third Push-Pull Super-Set the "push" exercise is the widegrip Pushup Between Bars, while the "pull" exercise is the Moon Bench Lateral Raise with bent arms.
He has Henri do from four to six sets of the Incline Bench Press (note the high incline).
This comes not alone from high-set, high-rep training, but from certain definition-specialization exercises which the champion selects for himself with the knowledge of exactly what works best for him.
The One Leg Lunge is a split and all lifters practice this in their regular workouts.
4.
Now raise the weight by straightening your front leg, without moving your feet.
Although I suggested that you hold the bar at the back of the neck there's no reason why you shouldn't make some experiments with the bar held in front of the neck.
These specialists, I learned, have done a great deal of work to improve the size and health of the plants and the resulting flowers.
They germinate quickly, the tiny plants appearing in a week, and grow along lustily.
Ants carry away the seeds so better be sure that there are no ant hills nearby.
Pansies are gluttons.
Three inches of porous material will do a good job of keeping weeds down and the soil moist and cool.
) The plants took zero nights in their stride, with nothing but a mat of straw over the glass to protect them.
A second and also good practice is to shear off the tops, leaving an inch high stub with just a leaf or two on each branch.
But you will never get better flowers than the seed you grow.
Give them food, some shade, mulch, water and more food, and they'll repay your solicitude with beauty.
Sometimes it takes several "eatings" of avocado to catch that delightful quality in taste that has made it such a favorite throughout the world.
There is no dyeing or waxing or gassing needed.
Calcium, phosphorus and iron are present in worthwhile amounts, and eleven other minerals also have been found in varying trace amounts.
Nuclear weapons are fearsome, but the long-range ballistic missile gives them a stealth and merciless swiftness which is much more terrifying.
However, because this vulnerability is mutual, it is to the advantage of neither side to destroy the opponent's cities, at least so long as the opponent has nuclear weapons with which to effect reprisal.
One must first detect a fleeting mobile or moving target, decide that it is worthy of destruction, select the missile to be fired against the target, compute ballistics for the flight, and prepare the missile for firing.
An aircraft with a load of small nuclear weapons could very conceivably be given a mission to suppress all trains operating within a specified geographic area of Russia -- provided that we had used some of our ICBMs to degrade Russia's air defenses before our bombers got there.
They are not susceptible to wholesale destruction by ballistic missile.
But remember this -- it isn't the aircraft which is vulnerable to nuclear rockets, it is the airfield.
Large, long-range bombers can be developed which would have the capability to take off from 3,000-foot runways, but they would require more powerful engines than we have today.
If our SAC bombers were, today, capable of surviving a surprise missile attack and because of infinite dispersion or long endurance had the capability to strike at Russia again, and again, and again, those bombers would unquestionably assure our military dominance.
These crucial questions must be answered by post-attack reconnaissance.
Or put another way, the hardest missile site planned today could be destroyed by placing a one-kiloton warhead (1/20th the size of those used in Hiroshima and Nagasaki) within 100 to 200 feet of the target!
Some renditions are of symphonic dimensions, with the contrabass given free rein.
But the most impressive testimony to Schnabel's distinction as a teacher is reflected by the individuality which marks each student's approach as distinctly his own.
The twenty-five-year-old recording offers rather faded string tone, but the balance between the instruments is good and the transfer is very quiet.
It is, moreover, a perfectly integrated ensemble effort.
This recording surely belongs in everyone's collection.
Records sound like records because they provide a different sort of experience than live music.
Like the recent Scheherazade from London (High Fidelity, Sept. 1961), it is successful because emphasis has been placed on good musical and engineering practices rather than on creating sensational effects.
The music is always allowed the living space needed to attain its full sonority;
Steinberg obviously has concluded that it is the lyric element which must dominate in this score, and he manages at times to create the effect of the whole orchestra bursting into song.
As with the penultimate Giselle release (Wolff's abridgment for RCA Victor) I find the cleaner, less razor-edged monophonic version, for all its lack of big-stage spaciousness, the more aurally tolerable -- but this may be the result of processing defects in my SD copies.
In her opening remarks Mrs. Long also welcomed the Juniors and stated, "There isn't any other show quite like Westminster.
Right attitude essential!
Mrs. Long wished all the Juniors luck in the Class and stated, "Have fun!
In closing, Mr. Barcus also wished all the Juniors luck in their Class.
As the Juniors entered the ring, Mr. Spring, the announcer, stated over the public-address system that this was the 28th year that Westminster has held the Finals of the Junior Competition.
International Champion of the year
From the records we keep -- Susan is the only Junior who has placed in the Junior Classes in both United States and Canada.
For some time this writer has been suggesting a Junior Judging Class for Intermediates over 16 and under 20 years of age who are ineligible to compete in the Junior Class.
Superintendents at dog shows state it is becoming more difficult to obtain a licensed Handler to Judge Junior Showmanship Competition.
The American Pointer Club is still continuing to donate trophies to Juniors who win at Junior Showmanship Classes with Pointers.
So many times I have wondered why veterinarians do not wipe the table clean before each new canine patient is placed on it for examination.
But during the last several years boats were launched in areas where, a short time ago, the only water to be found was in wells and watering troughs for livestock.
Arriving at the waterside, the boat is launched, the family taken aboard and, that easily, another day afloat is begun.
You name it, our industry is producing it, and it probably is made in different models.
I wonder if anyone ever bothered to make the point that when it comes to boats and their motors, Americans excel over any country in the world in the long run.
Marine dealers and even some manufacturers who sell direct in non-dealer areas cooperate in enabling you to launch now and pay later.
As the ungoverned days of the automobile and the airplane are long since relegated to the past, so is the carefree attitude toward what a boatman may and may not do;
Generally, states reserve for communities the right to have local ordinances regulating speed and other activities.
In 1959, the Yacht Safety Bureau was reorganized by the National Association of Engine and Boat Manufacturers and a group of insurance underwriters to provide a testing laboratory and labeling service for boats and their equipment.
Currently, marina is used to indicate a municipal or commercially operated facility where a pleasure boat may dock and find some or all of the following available: gasoline, fresh water, electricity, telephone service, ice, repair facilities, restaurants, sleeping accommodations, a general store, and a grocery store.
If the lever is pulled to clear a signal or move a switch, the tappet moves a short distance lengthwise at the same time.
By this scheme, pulling one signal to clear locks all the other switch and signal levers in safe positions until the first signal is again restored to normal.
Figs. 1-6 show typical arrangements of track and signals.
So much for the prototype.
Now lay 12 pieces of Af cut 5-3/4" long side by side but separated by 12 pieces of the same material 1/2" sq.
Solder it and the five locking bar spacers to the frame.
Now unsolder and disassemble the frame except for the two 12" and the first two 3-3/4" bars ("A" and "B" pieces), which are soldered together.
Drill a No. 43 hole through the pieces and secure with a 2-56 nut and screw.
Tappets and locking bars
Drill a No. 50 hole, tap 2-56 and insert a roundhead 2-56 screw as you did on the first end.
However, we started with the first row of bars and worked our way back.
Cut the piece about 9/32" or 5/16" long and drive it into the No. 31 hole drilled in the locking bar.
File to a smooth finish.
Without math the men who are continually seeking the causes of and the reasons for the many things that make the world go'round would not have any means of analyzing, standardizing, and communicating the things they discover and learn.
This changes the formula to an "equation".
It is used to separate two or more numbers in a row.
For example, for the problem Af, 10 from 25 equals 15, then 6 from 15 equals 9.
For use in formulas, fractions should be converted to their decimal equivalents.
The answers they give can often pave the way to performance increases and, quite often, are necessary for completing entry blanks for different events.
The constant is, which is one-quarter of 3.1416, another constant known as "pi".
These engines have a cylinder diameter of 3-7/8 inches and a stroke length of 3 inches.
Then pour water or light oil from a graduated beaker into the chamber to fill the chamber to its gasket surface.
Sometimes it is necessary to roughly calculate the square inch area of the opening but the calculation can usually be made with sufficient accuracy that it won't affect the final computation.
Applying these figures to the formula we get the equation: Af.
MPH for Car speed
When tire size is measured in this manner a constant of 168 is used in the formula.
-- The best 2-year-old pacing mile up to date at Ben White Raceway has been that of Mary Liner (Mainliner-Highland Ellen), a member of the Dick Williams stable, who was clocked 2:25.
Fury and Caper worked in 2:35 and did it with ease.
This colt arrived at the Raceway early last November, and immediately was put into harness and line-driven for a few days, and then put to cart and broken in very nicely, knowing nothing but trot.
Being blistered for curbs has delayed his work somewhat.
The colts in Simpson's stable have little if anything on the fillies, especially the pacers.
She is more like her full brother, Taraday Hanover, but larger.
Step Aside (Direct Rhythm-Wily Widow) has worked in 2:32 on the half-mile track and shows promise.
Honor Rodney (Rodney-Honor Bright) around 2:40.
Jacky Dares ((Meadow Gene-Princess Lorraine) 2:36;
Trader Rich (Worthy Boy-Marquita Hanover) 2:37;
After well broken and equipped with 12-oz. shoes on behind, bare-footed in front, she would trot a real storm with the master, Delvin, driving.
Fury Hanover (Hoot Mon-Fay), 2:30.3-:36;
Cathy J. Hanover (Tar Heel-Kaola Hanover), formerly called Karet Hanover, has been rather a problem child, but is getting better all the while and can pace a twice around in about 2:31.
and Dauntless, 3 (by Greentree Adios) in 2:32.
Early Sun, p, 2:02.3, Chester Maid 2:05, Dark Sun, p, 2:06.1, and Sun Tan Maid 2:05.2 have been in 2:21.
Read on, take your pick -- and start dropping those hints.
At least five years ago, Tom Robinson of Marlin made up an over/under double rifle for me in this caliber, using the now defunct Model 90 action in 20-gauge size.
If ever a rifle met the needs of the whitetail hunter, this is it.
it's much too explosive for small edible game.
Here are the brands (in alphabetical order) and the new models.
The
Magnum Rim-Fire rifles, 1961's lone newcomer was the Kodiak Model 260 autoloader (around $60).
The bore is unrifled but is provided with an insert tube which is rifled and which, surprisingly, gives pretty fair accuracy even though it's only 3-1/2 inches long.
These are made on special order only, in Kodiak grade (about $310), with integral muzzle brakes and heavy rubber recoil pads;
The most unusual of them is the Ithaca 49 (about $20, $5 for a saddle scabbard) -- a lever-action single-shot patterned after the famous Winchester lever-action and featuring the Western look.
it's just right for a boy of 12-1/2.
Firearms International has introduced another import, this one from Finland.
Aside from the
His patronage on this stretch was made up largely of San Franciscans -- regulars, most of them, and trenchermen like himself.
My friend often breakfasted with Vernon on the morning of the regular tallyho run.
In the 1890's the Palace Hotel began serving an oyster dish named after its manager, John C. Kirkpatrick.
One could shave in the reflection of its French-polished panels, and its axles were greased like those of roulette wheels.
Heat and serve hot on toast.
Sherry remained in his hotel suite, where he amused himself as best he could.
The road maps of the region have changed since 1905;
You arrive there in seersucker, and feel you were half-witted not to bring a mackintosh.
Their ham butts, cured in oak-log smoke, were also esteemed when roasted or boiled, and served with this original sauce:
But no one complained when they wound up, regardless of season, in venison pies.
peel, core, and slice across enough apples to make a dome in the pie tin, and set aside.
Now, to add to the already unbelievable extremes found in one nation, we have the two new states of Hawaii and Alaska.
By automobile from New York, for example, you can take a one or two-day tour to Annapolis, Maryland to see the colonial homes and the U.S. Naval Academy (where you can shoot the dress parade on Wednesdays);
Return through New England, stopping for a visit to Lake Champlain where you can take a boat ride and go to Ethan Allen Park.
Flash is allowed, subject to above restrictions.
Vicksburg, Mississippi;
Another Virginia sight and a photographic adventure are the Luray Caverns, lit by photofloodlights.
Picturing the south
the Florida Folk Festival, White Springs, May 5-7;
While here, visit Theodore Roosevelt National Park for its spectacular scenery.
There's a museum here and also Old Abilene Town, a reconstruction of the cattle boomtown of the 70's and 80's.
A re-enactment of the Battle of Lexington, May 18th at Lexington, Missouri;
In California is located one of the most popular of the national parks -- Yosemite.
Even when they are finished, however, the contrast will remain, for Istanbul is the only city in the world that is built upon two continents.
Most of the sights lie in the old section across the Golden Horn from the modern hotels.
Erected on the site of pagan temples and three previous St. Sophias, the first of which was begun by Constantine, this fourth church was started by Justinian in 532 and completed twenty years later.
Beneath the dome I saw the spot where the Byzantine Emperors were crowned, a bit of floor protected now by a wooden fence.
Beyond it I noted a small green column, about twelve feet below the present ground level -- the Serpentine Column, three entwined serpents, which once stood at the Temple of Apollo at Delphi, Greece.
There I got off, crossed the square, and on the side directly opposite the gate found a good restaurant, hard to come by in this part of the city.
Going through the Imperial Gate in the wall, I entered the grounds of Topkapi Palace, home of the Sultans and nerve center of the vast Ottoman Empire, and walked along a road toward another gate in the distance, past the Church of St. Irene, completed by Constantine in 330 A.D. on my left, and then, just outside the second gate, I saw a spring with a tap in the wall on my right -- the Executioner's Spring, where he washed his hands and his sword after beheading his victims.
Taking the path behind the Throne Room to the building directly beyond it, the Portrait Gallery, I went right at the end of it, through a garden to a small building at the back -- a sitting room furnished with low blue divans, its floor covered with carpets, its ceiling painted with gold squares and floral designs.
Do avoid puncturing or cutting into meats to test them.
Limit yourself to good meat and drink, with bread, salad, corn or potatoes as accessories.
long forks for turning potatoes and corn;
Oilcloth only costs about 79-cents a yard for the very best.
It's year-round, and everywhere.
If you travel over the vast U.S.A. you will, no doubt, discover that feeding is an expensive business.
For 25-cents load up the cooler with ice and keep cool pop in the car.
He had a bakery make buns sized to fit his franks.
Watch closely while browning them, as it doesn't take long.
heat thoroughly.
1 large onion, chopped fine 2 tablespoons salad oil 1 8-oz. can crushed pineapple and 1/2 cup of the juice 1/4 cup brown sugar 2 tablespoons vinegar 1 tablespoon prepared mustard 1 tablespoon Worcestershire sauce pineapple chunks
For sweet-sour sauce, cook onion in oil until soft.
Here are suggestions for the frankfurter trimmings: 1.
.
Make criss-cross gashes on one side of skinless frankfurters.
Cut dough carefully into 12 strips, about 3/4 inch by a foot long.
Directions are written for those who have had previous experience in making pottery.
Use well-wedged clay, free of air bubbles and pliable enough to bend without cracking.
Place the cut clay piece loosely over the carved cavity design side of wooden mold.
This will prevent the clay from twisting or bending, causing warping when fired.
Back of clay scored or roughened for proper gripping surface.
Opaque cantaloupe and transparent wood brown were used.
(opposite page, top left): Remove wooden design head from bowl of butter mold.
Place patterns on rolled clay and cut around them with knife in vertical position.
Press clay into mold as instructed in General Directions.
Remove jar from mold.
) Roll white clay to 3/16" thickness.
Cut clay top and base pieces;
Cut hole in base for cork stopper.
Score bottom edge of cylinder and join to disk with slip.
use slip to join.
Press the two sides into cavity of one mold three times.
Bisque fire to cone 08.
Measuring armhole
Backstitching seam
Place sleeve seam at center underarm and center of sleeve cap at shoulder seam.
Youngsters can sleep or amuse themselves safely in the large cabin which has 5-foot 11-inch headroom, bunks for three, galley and marine toilet.
There's a large compartment in the forward cockpit for charts and other items.
This piece of equipment costs a little over $600 but it will save you that in mooring and hauling fees in a few years.
All frames are butted at the joints and 3/8-inch plywood gussets are glued and nailed on each side of each joint, again using the one-inch, No. 12 nails.
It is over this piece that the laminated stem and keelson are spliced.
The first two pieces butt against the inner member of the keelson and are glued and screwed to the brace between the first two frames.
The chines go in the same way except that they are made of two pieces of two-inch wood for strength and easier bending.
Another person inside with a weight against each batten will help in the fastening.
The bottom planking is applied in the same manner.
I used bright red, mixing the pigment in thoroughly before adding the hardener.
The hull is now turned over (with the help of about seven friends) and placed in a level, well-braced position.
Note another piece of wood six inches wide is fastened to the transom between these pieces.
They're followed by the front and rear bulkheads as illustrated.
Because of the unique design by the architect Egils Hermanovski, you can build most of it in your own home workshop in your spare time.
We have developed an ingenious method of interlocking these so that you can make the major part of your house in your own workshop, panel by panel, according to plan.
Whether electricity and public water and sewers are available or not, check the local customs in the use of bottled or L-P gas (we give you alternatives later on).
swampy areas or intermittent springs?
Bear in mind that this does not include interior panels for partitions, fancy flooring, appliances and fixtures, electrical wiring, and plumbing, all of which will be taken up in detail in later issues.
The door panels are designed to accommodate standard doors which should be of exterior grade.
The size of the press is usually expressed in terms of chuck capacity (the maximum diameter tool shank it will hold) or distance between the spindle center and the column.
The rest of the press should be kept clean by dusting with a clean rag or brush.
Some manufacturers have had the foresight to provide a socket for the chuck key;
Too much pressure will force the tool beyond its cutting capacity and result in rough cuts and jammed or broken tools.
Simple hole drilling operations
In this sequence I shall write about them in the order of their erection.
Timothy Palmer, who invented and later patented the arch type of construction for wooden bridges, was the genius who planned and supervised the building of the Essex, or "Deer Island" bridge although the actual work was carried out under the direction of William Coombs, who received $300 as recompense.
he certainly deserves not a little credit for the invention".
Between the abutments on the Newbury shore and the south bank of Deer Island there was one span or arch measuring 160 feet;
In 1810 it was torn down and replaced by a chain suspension bridge.
.
that of being the first such structure secured by force of arms in the war of the'60s.
Never rebuilt, the bridge was strengtened in 1938 by two extra piers, a concrete floor, and a walk-way along the upper side in order to care for modern traffic.
Centering around this historic old structure, a group of public-spirited Barbour County citizens have organized and planned a week-long series of events, beginning on May 28th and continuing through June 3rd, to observe most appropriately the centennial of the first land engagement of the Civil War at Philippi.
We speak from varying viewpoints.
In the colder climes, for instance, you will have to live through the many unglamorous winter months when your pool will hardly look its best.
Coping with them demands stern discipline -- of yourself as well as of your family, neighbors, friends and anyone you ever talked to on a transoceanic jet.
Naive of us, maybe, but the results of our impulsive invitations to "come over next summer and swim in our new pool" were both unexpected and unsettling.
We want to know when the Potlatches telephone exactly how many they are planning to bring, so that we won't end up with a splashing mob that looks like Coney Island in August.
We gently usher them to an island of tables and chairs strategically placed on the far side of the pool where they can amuse each other until we get ready to merge sides.
Diving boards must have non-skid surfaces (coco matting takes an awful beating from chlorine and rots quickly, but grit-impregnated paints are excellent).
Or you can make pool care the price of swimming for teen-agers.
A pool is no place for a shut trap.
Do not forget this possibility.
Any house built now below that line without air conditioning will be obsolete in 10 years.
We know now that a 15-degree differential in temperature is the maximum usually desirable, and accurate controls assure the comfort we want.
It will improve your disposition.
The equipment won't take up valuable space either.
The cooling coil is located in the furnace's outlet.
Instead of radiators you'll have cooling-heating units, each with its own thermostat.
The heat pump.
Among other things, besides the nature of your house and how much heat finds its way into its various rooms from the outside, it will depend upon your personal habits and the makeup of your family.
A ton of cooling compares to the cooling you get by melting a ton of ice.
An oversize unit will cool off your house quickly, then shut down for a long period.
Shade trees, too, are a big help, so keep them if you can.
Gas adds to the moisture load.
Good workmanship is important in the installation, so if you're doing your own contracting, don't award the job on the basis of price alone.
These are inexpensive and available from the U. S. Geological Society, Washington 25, D. C.
A visit to the site by a group of several persons can usually bring out new ideas or verify opinions most helpful to the planning study of any recreation area.
How well can the site be developed?
A site which overlooks a harbor or river may offer interest in the activities of boating traffic.
A restricted frontage may be too crowded an area for public use.
The route to the park may lead people past them or display views of them.
Notice should be taken of unusual rock formations, deposits, or shapes of the earth's crust in your region.
Areas should be large enough to include the attractions, have ample space for the use of facilities needed, and have room around the edges to protect the values of the area from encroachment by private developments.
Topography
Plants
Lack of rainfall and extreme temperatures may call for the development of shade and irrigation of a site to make it useable.
To the Traditionalists, it was a brilliant satire on modernism;
I myself was one of the skeptics (35 years ago).
We unanimously agreed that Prokofieff had won his rights as a world citizen to the first ranks of Twentieth-Century Composers.
In this changed world, Prokofieff settled to find himself, and to create for large national purpose.
how clearly he saw the cultural defection of experimentation as an escape for those who dare not or prefer not to face the discipline of modern traditionalism.
In orchestration, he stretches the limits of instrumentation with good judgment and a fine imagination for color.
Certainly, it is the traditional clarity of his music which has endeared him to the Western World -- not his experimentations.
In all his miscalculations, Stravinsky made the fatal historical blunder of presuming that he could transform other composers'inspirations -- representing many peoples, time periods and styles -- into his own music by warping the harmony, melody, or form, to verify his own experiments.
Stravinsky, nearing the age of eighty, is like a lost and frantic bird, flitting from one abandoned nest to another, searching for a home.
recordings;
On that date the Musicians Emergency Fund, organized to furnish employment for musicians unable to obtain engagements during the depression and to provide relief for older musicians who lost their fortunes in the stock market crash, observed its 30th anniversary.
On the death of their father, they returned to their home in Batavia, New York.
More often than not I have found easy excuse to leave my own work and stand at a respectable distance where I could watch this man transform raw nature into a composed, not imitative, painting.
First I make preliminary watercolor sketches in quarter scale (approximately Af inches) in which I pay particular attention to the design principles of three simple values -- the lightest light, the middle tone, and the darkest dark -- by reducing the forms of my subject to these large patterns.
Often, in working out-of-doors under all conditions of light and atmosphere, a particular passage that looked favorable in relation to the subject will be too bright, too dull, or too light, or too dark when viewed indoors in a mat.
I work on a watercolor easel in the field, and frequently resort to a large garden umbrella to protect my eyes from undue strain.
two riggers, 6 and 10;
In following this general principle, Mason provides the observer with a natural eye progression from foreground to background, and the illusion of depth is instantly created.
When I looked up the actual date of his birth and found it to be March 15th, I realized that Roy was born under the right zodiacal sign for a watercolorist: the water sign of Pisces (February 18 thru March 20).
The Russian gymnasts beat the tar out of the American gymnasts in the 1960 Olympics for one reason -- they were better.
It is made up of tumbling, which might be said to start with a somersault, run through such stunts as headstands, handstands, cartwheels, backbends, and culminate in nearly impossible combinations of aerial flips and twists and apparatus work.
) In most sports, as in most walks of life, the angels are on the side of those who begin young, and the Russian competitor of 16 has at least thirteen years of training behind him.
A great deal.
School teachers, all too unprepared for the job they must do, will need demonstrators.
The only area in which American boys hold their own is the baseball throw.
Start on hands and feet.
As strength improves start in a standing position with legs wide apart and upper body bent forward.
At first each child should do a kick-up by himself so that the teacher can determine those ready to work alone, and those who need help.
Be sure that the landing foot is brought close to the hands and that only one foot lands at a time.
To further increase back flexibility, work on the back circle.
some are actually incapable of rolling forward and are completely confused when not sitting or standing upright.
These are beginnings, but correctly learned they prepare for satisfying and exciting stunts that can be performed by a strong, flexible body (we are not talking of eccentric extremes).
We use the term "bio-medicine" because of the close interrelation between biology and medical research.
Fig. 1 is a simplified block diagram of the ultraviolet microscopy system developed at the Medical Electronics Center of Rockefeller Institute.
) This is the same system as was used in the field-sequential color-TV system which preceded the present simultaneous system.
This unit, affectionately dubbed "The Monster", can be wheeled to any convenient location and provides a wealth of information about the patient's breathing.
Sonar can be used to measure the thickness of the heart by placing small crystal transducers at opposite sides of the heart or blood vessel and exciting one with some pulsed ultrasonic energy.
This pressure measurement may be made at the same time that the ultrasonic dimensioning measurement is made.
As shown in Fig. 4, an external antenna is placed over or around the patient and excited 3000 times a second with short 400-kc. bursts.
Because the body contains so much liquid, transmission of ultrasonic signals proceeds fairly well in muscles and blood vessels.
The transducer itself moves the beam in a sector scan, just like a radar antenna, while the entire transducer structure is moved over a 90-degree arc in front of the eye to "look into" all corners.
The two older boys, Hans and Anders, his junior by a year, therefore went daily to the home of a warm and friendly wigmaker nearby for instruction in German;
In 1793 the brothers decided to enter the University of Copenhagen (founded in 1479) and the following spring found them at the university preparing to matriculate for the autumn session.
He proposed a fresh theory of alkalis which later was accepted in chemical practices.
Oersted joined Ritter at Jena and stayed with him for 3 weeks, continuing their correspondence after he left.
In 1803 Oersted returned to Copenhagen and applied for the university's chair in physics but was rejected because he was probably considered more a philosopher than a physicist.
He assumed his academic career with the same intensity and thoroughness that had marked every step in his rise from boyhood.
but the phenomena observed had such a degree of analogy to those depending on electrical distribution that one could not find the slightest difference.
In one debate he supported the freedom of judgment as opposed to dogma, in another he held that the practice of science was in fact an act of religious worship.
In the late 1700's Beccaria and Van Marum, among others, had magnetized iron by sending an electrostatic charge through it.
All comments concerning effectiveness and use of drugs have been carefully reviewed by a veterinary medical officer with Aj.
How to feed: beef cattle (finishing ration)
To prevent or treat bacterial diarrhea, furnish 0.1 to 5 milligrams per pound of body weight daily.
Milk production may be increased by the anti-infective properties of this drug.
-- For calves, feed not less than 50 grams of Aureomycin per ton complete feed as an aid in preventing bacterial diarrhea and foot rot.
-- 0.2 gram Dynafac per head daily (1 gram of premix per head daily) for promoting growth, feed conversion, bloom, and full feed earlier.
Increases rate of gain and improves feed efficiency.
Include supplement containing 0.4 to 2 milligrams per pound to provide 2 milligrams per head per day.
Iodinated casein.
(These enzyme preparations appear on today's feed tags as fermentation extracts of Bacillus subtilis, Apergillus orzae, Niger, and Flavus.
How to feed:
For prevention of foamy bloat, feed at a rate of 0.5 to 2 milligrams per head per day in mineral or salt or feed.
beef calves -- to 1.5 grams daily depending on weight of animal.
What it does:
For the treatment of ketosis feed 1/4 to 1/2 pound per day for 10 days.
Stimulates rumen activity.
Then, feed preventive dose until 6 weeks after calving.
(2) Mechanized bunks -- they sit within the feed lot, are filled by a mechanical conveyor above feeding surface;
Because of their location, on the edge of the feed lot, fence-line bunks are not in the way of mechanical manure removal.
1.
Have you actually checked out (not just mentally tested) different selling approaches designed to counter the price competition problem?
Providing good customer service requires as thorough a marketing and general management planning job as the original selling of the product.
Has your company thought through its strategy in this whole "discretionary buying" area?
2.
Display merchandising, backed by pre-selling through advertising and promotion, will continue to make strides in the sixties.
No manufacturer has taken the initiative in pointing out the costs involved.
Distribution costs are almost bound to increase in the sixties -- and you will never know what you can do to control them unless you study each element and experiment with alternative ways of doing the job.
If competition beats you to it, this exciting new product era can have real headaches in store.
3.
Shortage of sales management talent.
They have to be.
The architects do not believe that the education of the interior designer is sufficiently good or sufficiently extended to compare with that of the architect and that, therefore, the interior designer is incapable of understanding the architectural principles involved in planning the interior of a building.
The suggested course of the A.I.D. was based on the usual course offered and on the opinion of many educators as to curricular necessities.
This seems like a large order.
Working in a vacuum of minimal information can result only in show pieces that look good in exhibitions and catalogs and may please the public relations department but have little to do with the essence of interior design.
Even the "history of furniture" can hardly be taught exclusively from photographs and lantern slides.
In one way the Institutes and Societies do a disservice to the schools.
It will occur to anyone that the teacher must have adequate education, a depth and breadth of knowledge far beyond the immediate necessities of his course plus complete dedication to his subject and to his students.
The proper correlation of the art with the academic can be achieved only if this standard is observed.
It is a sort of academic ring-around-a-rosy and you solve it.
Have you permitted it to become a giveaway program rather than one that has the goal of improved employee morale and, consequently, increased productivity?
When improvements are recommended in working conditions -- such as lighting, rest rooms, eating facilities, air-conditioning -- do you try to set a measure of their effectiveness on productivity?
Holidays, time off, overtime
Have you checked the cost of subcontracting your cafeteria operation in order to save administrative costs?
Have you considered delegating operational responsibility to your employee association and carefully restricting your plant's financial contribution?
If you provide inter-plant transportation, can this be replaced by available public transportation?
Retirement
Are you indiscriminantly offering unnecessary medical services -- flu shots, sun lamp treatments, etc.?
These factors can make the difference between waste and efficiency in any benefit program.
Some companies find a little imagination helpful.
It can put an end to marginal claims which play havoc with your insurance rates.
Coffee breaks can be a real headache if not regulated.
Younger men usually don't think of pensions as an important job benefit factor anyhow and they're liable to change jobs several times before settling down.
Consider adopting a system of holidays in which time off is granted with an eye to minimum inconvenience to the operation of the plant.
If the soup tastes like dishwater, your employees won't blame the concessionaire.
The long and ever-increasing column of sportsmen is now moving into a new era.
Present conservation practices regard wildlife, not as an expendable natural resource, but as an annual harvest to be sown and also reaped.
The various team sports assuredly have their place in every school, and they are important to proper physical development.
Other pilot programs were conducted by A & S, Babylon, New York;
Since SAAMI's conception in 1926, and more specifically since the adoption of the Shooting Development Program in 1954, millions of dollars and promotional man-hours have gone into the development of more places to shoot for more youths and adults.
There were umbrella tents, wall tents, cottage tents, station wagon tents, pup tents, Pop tents, Baker tents, tents with exterior frames, camper trailers, travel trailers, and even a few surplus parachutes serving as sunshades over entire family camps.
The figures range as high as 15 million families.
But the campers still come.
Here is the promise of a vacation trip they can afford.
It would be a mistake to sell those thousands of beginning campers on the idea they're buying the comforts of home.
Neither are beds, thanks to air mattresses and sleeping bags.
This has been more evident since our products have incorporated astronomically increased technology.
What can be done for the "individual contributor" who is extremely important -- and likely to be more so -- in the operation of the technically oriented company?
In the paragraphs that follow, we quote from 32 men who are identified on the final page.
The late W. R. G. Baker, a pioneer in television design and long-time vp & gm of the Electronics Division, and later, by his own choice, an individual consultant.
Westinghouse has a similar system, with two classifications representing various levels of competence on the strictly technical side: consulting engineer or scientist, as the case may be, and advisory engineer or scientist.
In this organization, about half of the engineers with 15 or more years of employment are in supervision, engineering or elsewhere.
They must learn to wear several hats, so to speak, working with management, sales and engineering problems related to the product.
"Above these jobs we have chief engineer for the company and vice-president of Engrg, R & Aj.
We have discovered that the outward trappings such as private offices and private secretaries are extremely important;
A complete plan
"A recent, and more pertinent action, has been the establishment of a technical staff reporting to the vice-president for Engineering.
It is doubtful that the complete solution to the over-all problem can result entirely from company efforts.
The idea of a central tank with lines to each house is not in itself a novelty.
There's an advantage in having a firm like Tri-State headed by a lawyer.
It leases the whole facility to a large oil company, at least large enough to have a strong credit position.
The major gets the assured gallonage for the life of the lease and the distributor apparently can do well because delivery cost is low.
For a few details of the system the lines are 1-1/4" X-Tru-Coat, a product of Republic Steel Corp., and all lines are welded.
Future plans
The oilheating industry is looking up, led by a revival of research and development.
If a lot of rust shows in the drain, use a good flushing cleaner.
Check its inhibitor effectiveness before leaving it in during the summer.
Be careful that you keep adequate coverage, but look for places to save money.
With many company policies you get a fleet discount if you insure five or more rigs.
and the reverse-surface decorating techniques now used for escutcheons, medallions, etc., owes much to the field, as does the technology of designing with the light-transmitting properties of the transparent plastics.
today, 85% is in plastics.
According to one major producer, materials for a typical plastic sign are approximately 25% less costly than for a comparable neon unit.
4.
(See panel, p. 166, for a comparison.
For specialized types of displays, such as large three-dimensional units reproducing a product, package, human or animal figures, etc., reinforced plastics and rotationally molded vinyl plastisols are other materials frequently used.
Also, the light sources are shielded from dirt and weather exposure and cannot obstruct the view of the sign.
Thus the film can be applied to back-lighted translucent plastics faces;
Frequently, the message must be changed at intervals to feature new products, price changes, etc.
Stainless steel screws were used to minimize corrosion stains.
The sheets are extruded of Tenite butyrate by Jet Specialties Co., Los Angeles, Calif.
Don't wall in your kitchen before you hang the wall cabinets and set the appliances.
Install your disappearing stair (or stairs) to the attic and finish your overhead ducts before you drywall the ceiling.
2.
It changes the answers on builder-dealer relations.
only one producer in a hundred is equipped to package and ship unit loads;
2.
"With a 15,500-lb. fork-lift, dealers can unload unitized lumber from wide-door box cars for $.30/mbf compared with $1.65 or more to unload loose lumber one piece at a time", says James Wright of Aj.
For long hauls these shipments should be protected with water-proof paper.
And most of the gain will be in self-unloading vehicles".
See page 156.
This is the most penny-wise, pound-foolish chisel a builder can commit.
However, after you've seen all the historical piazzas and plazas, the places and forums, the churches and museums, the palaces and castles, and begin to feel at home in the capitals of Europe, you'll want to change your course and follow the by-roads at will, far from the market places.
The answer to this diathesis is to pick up a telephone and arrange to rent one.
International Touring Documents are usually provided with the car as are road maps and touring data.
It drops again after fifteen and/or twenty-one days.
Quite naturally, there is a greater availability of those models which are manufactured within a specific country.
If you are planning to tour Europe for longer than a month, it might be wise for you to lease a car.
Still there is a way for those who want to see some of the back country of Europe by car.
Of course, if you want to throw all caution to the winds and rent an Imperial or Cadillac limousine just for you and your bride, you'll have a memorable tour, but it won't be cheap, and it is not recommended unless you own a producing oil well or you've had a winner in the Irish Sweepstakes.
but consider, if you can bear it, what might have happened if MacArthur, for some perverse, undaunted reason, had made the same remark to an Eskimo girl in Eskimo.
This, for obvious reasons, makes their techniques superbly useful in studying the psychiatric interview, so useful, in fact, that they have been successfully used to suggest ways to speed diagnosis and to evaluate the progress of therapy.
An accompanying record of paralanguage factors for the second example might also note a throaty rasp.
It flags such possible breakdowns of communication as rehearsed dialogue, the note of disapproval, ambivalence or ambiguity, annoyance, resentment, and the disinclination to speak at all -- this last often marked by a fade-in beginning of sentences.
Immediately thereafter, the patient fractures her rehearsed story, veering into an oversoft, breathy, sloppily articulated, "I don't feel like talking right now".
Interestingly enough -- although none of the real-life therapists involved could conceivably compare with Blauberman -- when groups of them began playing back interviews, they discovered any number of ways in which they wanted to polish their own interview techniques;
therapist and/or linguist must always consider the alternatives.
It had required the approval of President Franklin Delano Roosevelt before the John Harvey could be loaded with 100 tons of mustard gas and despatched to the Italian warfront.
"Use of such weapons has been outlawed by the general opinion of civilized mankind.
Only a few other people -- very important people -- knew of the nitrogen-mustard eggs nestled below decks.
"For three days now a German reconnaissance plane has been over the city taking pictures.
There were no R.A.F. fighter squadrons on Bari airfield.
They're all being used on offensive missions".
There were lights glinting in the city, too, even though it was now dark enough for a few stars to become visible.
Richardson had returned their departing grins with the noncommittal nod that is the security officer's stock in trade.
Captain Musmanno's renovated schooner with the flamboyant name Unsinkable had just left Porto Vecchio with a cargo of badly-needed olive oil for the Sorrentine's civilian population.
It was two feet long.
They had ruined the radar warning system with their window, they had made themselves invisible above their flares.
Most of the Junkers were above the blinding light of the flares, and the radar-controlled shore gun had been knocked out by one of the first sticks of bombs.
I can't tell when, but I'm positive I witnessed this same scene of this particular gathering at some time in the past"!
One day when he attended a war memorial ceremony in Westminster Abbey his view was obstructed by a stout man on his left, his attention turned to the irregular pattern of the rough slab flooring and someone, clasping him by the arm, whispered, "I want a word with you, please".
Skeptics may deny the more startling phenomena of dreams as things they have never personally observed, but failure to wonder at their basic mystery is outright avoidance of routine evidence.
A "mental image" subconsciously impressing us from beneath its language symbols in wakeful thought, or consciously in light sleep, is actually not an image at all but is comprised of realities, viewed not in the concurrent sensory stream, but within the depths of the fourth dimension.
So we may conceive the coexistence of the infinite number of universal, apparently momentary states of matter, successive one after another in consciousness, but permanent each on its own basic phase of the progressive frequencies.
If the photographically realistic continuity of dreams, however bizarre their combinations, denies that it is purely a composition of the brain, it must be compounded from views of diverse realities, although some of them may never be encountered in what we are pleased to call the real life.
That the dream was a reality on the infinite progressions of universal, gradient frequencies, across which the modern professor and the priest of ancient Nippur met?
But the famous orator felt more than vague recognition for the scene.
From fourteen states and three foreign countries they come to spend the months from mid-September to June.
"To give up these notions required a revolution in thought", Mr. Clark said in reminiscing about the abrupt changes in ideas he experienced when he began reading "Organic Gardening" And "Modern Nutrition" in a search for help with his problems.
Soon after the method changed, visitors began asking how he managed to irrigate his soil to keep it looking moist, when in reality, it was the soil treatment alone that accomplished this.
A new project planned is the use of Bio-Dynamic Starter.
Then Miss Lillian Colman came from Vermont to be kitchen manager.
There is one problem with the bread.
He never used to like any hot cereal, now that's the only kind he wants.
The school raises enough poultry, pigs, and beef cattle for most of their needs.
Finding sources for these high quality foods is a problem.
The source is known so there is no necessity to remove insecticide residues.
Candy is not allowed.
Even before he saw the necessity of growing better food and planning good nutrition, Mr. Clark felt the school had a good health program.
"Good old iron compass"!
From Burlington, outgoing mail could be ferried across Lake Champlain to the railroad at Port Kent, N. Y.
The "Barre Aviation Field" was set to receive its first aircraft the Sunday following the flood.
Public-spirited backers staked him to a brand-new airplane, aimed at putting their city and state on the flying map.
"But Fogg", they countered, "we can't get over there.
With these aids, and a pair of skiis substituting for wheels on the Waco, Bob Fogg made the first landing on what is now part of the Barre-Montpelier Airport on November 21, 1927.
As daylight began to show through the frosty windows, Fogg would place a call to William A. Shaw at the U. S. Weather Station at Northfield, Vermont, for temperature and wind-velocity readings.
Often, threading through the overcast, he was forced to fly close to the ground by a low ceiling, skimming above the Winooski or the White River along the line of the broken railroad.
The flyer had his share of near-misses.
Yes, retirement seems to creep upon you suddenly.
You've thought about it before in a hazy sort of way.
A great many retired people are the so-called white collar workers.
your stock in trade;
All sorts of plans come to life.
Time marches on!
Now!
Many of you will say, "Well, what can I do"?
You may amaze yourself and acquire a real knack for it.
Then again, there's always that lovely old pastime of hooking or braiding rugs.
Perhaps you couldn't do that but have you ever tried to see what you could do with a hunk of wood?
Ever since I was a child, I have always had a yen to try my hand at writing.
I haven't got that kind of money".
I just don't have time to do half the things I want to do now.
"To be creative is to have the ability to cause to exist -- to produce where nothing was before -- to bring forth an original production of human intelligence or power".
The vision of a Lord Tennyson expressed in a poem 100 years ago took visible form over London in the air blitzes of 1941.
Is it not the obligation of us older citizens to lend our weight to being creative on the character side and to hasten our own maturing process?
The consummation should come at the next stopping place when they have a long private time (day or night) for that purpose.
so that the absence of the hymen is by no means positive proof that a girl has had sex relations.
If he foresaw any problem because of the quality of the hymen, it was recommended that simple procedures be undertaken at once to incise the hymen or, preferably, to dilate it.
By using instruments of gradually increasing size, the vagina is gently, and with minimum pain at each stage, taught to yield to an object of the appropriate shape.
Under the excitement of caresses and sexual stimulation the vagina relaxes and dilates and the local moisture greatly increases, providing an excellent lubricant to help achieve an easier penetration.
The false reasoning is that a gradual advance prolongs the pain while a swift powerful act gets it over with and leaves the girl pleased with his virility and grateful for his decisiveness in settling the problem once and for all.
The signals to proceed may therefore come when he is momentarily not able to take advantage of them.
If the early approaches are wise, understanding and patient, the satisfactions of marital fulfillment will probably be discovered before the marriage is much older.
The equally ardent proponent of freedom from any kind of censorship may find the nude human form the "natural, honest, free expression of man's spirit and the epitome of beauty and inspiration".
In the past, it has been the husband who has been dominant and the wife passive.
The meekest, most submissive wife of today is a tiger by her mother's or grandmother's standards.
When a husband is sexually selfish and heedless of his wife's desires, she is cheated of the fulfillment and pleasure nature intended for her.
While he was in custody his wife divorced him.
She knows the power of the sex urge and how to use it to manipulate her husband.
"The pattern", says Dr. Morton Schillinger, psychologist at New York's Lincoln Institute for Psychotherapy, "is for the husband to hover about anxiously and eagerly, virtually trembling in his hope that she will flash him the signal that tonight is the night".
But such cases were, in the past, unusual.
Some date it from woman suffrage, others from when women first began to challenge men in the marketplace, still others from the era of the emancipated flapper and bathtub gin.
They began to describe in detail the woman's capacity for response.
Then the wife bed-hopped to the next on the list.
Other experts say, however, that if sexual domination by one or the other partner exists for longer than a brief period, it is likely to shake the marriage.
Early in her life she had discovered that where there were men, there was money, and with the two came luxury and liquor.
Clad in mink and diamonds, she listened to Assistant District Attorney Anthony Liebler describe her to the arraigning judge:
"Our information is that she gave the proceeds of her acts to Jelke".
She was Mary Lou Brew then, wide-eyed, but not naive.
After a few minutes he said, "I can't use you if you dance like that.
She wanted to go around the world, but she settled for a French holiday.
To climax her Roman revels, she was thrown out of the swanky Hotel Excelsior after she had run naked through its marble halls screaming for help.
"You can't do this to us", Diane screamed.
Diane spoke no Italian or French.
When Farouk was overthrown, police picked up his personal pimp, Pulley Bey.
Several years ago she married a Houston business man, Robert Graham.
When the police arrived, they found McClellan and the two lawyers sitting and staring silently.
I work for one of the biggest chains of retail carpet houses in the East.
Then, by squeezing her foot three times, he came up -- presto -- with a different diagnosis with each squeeze.
"Don't you worry.
He then sold her minerals to cure her kidney ailment, a can of sage "to make her look like a girl again", and an application of plain mud to take her wrinkles away.
The charge: violation of the California Medical Practices Act by practicing medicine without a license and selling misbranded drugs.
Not only do these quacks assume impressive titles, but represent themselves as being associated with various scientific or impressive foundations -- foundations which often have little more than a letterhead existence.
The Postmaster General recently reported that mail order frauds -- among which fake therapeutic devices figure prominently -- are at the highest level in history.
As a result, she consulted medical authorities and learned that the devices her quack "doctor" was using were phony.
But the machine quack can cause far more than just suffering.
Although she weighed only 108 pounds when she visited him, Carroll permitted her to go on a 10-day fast in which she took nothing but water.
Death!
Ten-year-old Richard Stewart had been irritable and quarrelsome for almost a year.
How can they tell whether a child needs orthodontic treatment?
A noticeable protrusion of the upper or lower jaw.
Occasional sucking up to the fifth year may not affect a youngster's teeth;
Bad alignment may result in early loss of teeth through a breakdown of the bony structure that supports their roots.
Orthodontic work is possible because teeth are held firmly but not rigidly, by a system of peridontal membrane with an involved nerve network, to the bone in the jaw;
"Moving one or two teeth can affect the whole system, and an ill-conceived plan of treatment can disrupt the growth pattern of a child's face".
Susie may wear this only at night or for a few hours during the day.
"Factors in the cost of treatment are the length of time involved and the skill and education of the practitioner", says Dr. Brodie.
growth studies have been carried on consistently by orthodontists.
The child is kept on call, and the orthodontist watches the growth.
as a rule, the earlier general dental treatment is started, the less expensive and more satisfactory it is likely to be.
There are a few prognoses of coming events.
But it is not really only a conversation.
He remarked: "It has been clearly established that in a number of instances the message did not come from a spirit but was received telepathically by the medium from the sitter".
So this proxy situation has set up at least a partial barrier between the medium's ESP and the absent sitter's mind.
to another, it seems that nobody but his father ever used the phrase, "Atta boy"!
that is, it is known empirically that names beginning with R are more common than those beginning with Z;
So, after the sitting has been held, several readings at one time are mailed, and the distant sitter (whose name or whose communicator's name was given to the medium) must mark each little item as Correct (Hit), Incorrect (Miss), Doubtful, or Especially Significant (applying to him and, he feels, not to anyone else).
Now when, so to speak, the cream has been skimmed off, and the items in the successful categories separated out, the sitter can be asked to consider and rate only this concentrated "cream", where the sensitive is at her best.
Even in normal experience one gets impressions without knowing exactly how -- of atmosphere, of one another's personalities, moods, intentions.
In this connection it is worth noting how names are sometimes obtained.
such a move may mean a loss of capital.
The high cost of land, supplies, and labor make it difficult to farm profitably on a part-time basis.
If the farm is rented, the rent must be paid.
Generally, the same level of living costs less in the country than in the city.
General requirements for land, labor, and equipment are discussed below.
This is a highly speculative venture.
Equipment
Selecting a farm
Then if you change jobs you won't necessarily have to sell the farm.
There are slums in the country as well as in the city.
If you are considering a part-time farm where the water must be provided by a well, find out if there is a good well on the farm or the probable cost of having one drilled.
Will the house on any part-time farm you are considering make a satisfactory full-time residence?
Next, estimate the value of possible earnings of the farm.
To figure the value of the farm in terms of investment income, divide the estimated annual net farm income by the percentage that you could expect to get in interest if the money were invested in some other way.
Those who feared "emotionalism" at the Trial showed less understanding than Dr. Servatius of the route by which man achieves the distance necessary for fairness toward enemies.
As such, it was beyond politics and had no need of justification by a "message".
Yes, he believed that the Jews were "enemies of the Reich", and such a belief is, of course, typical of "patriotic" anti-Semites;
The measures for annihilation proposed and accepted at the Conference affected industry, transportation, civilian agencies of government.
Ought not an edifying Trial have made every effort to demonstrate this once and for all by showing how representative types of "mere" anti-Semites were drawn step by step into the program of skull-bashings and gassings?
"Is this the type of citizen you desire"?
most of the information elicited in Jerusalem had been brought to the surface by the numerous War Crimes tribunals and investigating commissions, and by reports, memoirs, and survivors'accounts.
It has flared up periodically on the front pages of newspapers in communities divided over birth-prevention regulations in municipal hospitals and health and family-welfare agencies.
Family planning is encouraged, so that parents will be able to provide properly for their offspring.
There is a difference in theological belief where there seems little chance of agreement.
Why is it so different in regard to birth control?
That tumultuous, painful and costly experience shows clearly that a law expressing a moral judgment cannot be enforced when it has little correspondence with the general view of society.
The Conference called for a vigorous campaign against the open or secret sale of contraceptives.
The board approved and commended the use of birth-control devices as a part of Christian responsibility in family planning.
Conscience and religion are concerned with private sin: The civil law is concerned with public crimes.
What happened to the fourteen missing men?
This is the story of his last tragic voyage, as nearly as we are able -- or ever, probably, will be able -- to determine:
He thereupon went to London and spent the winter talking to men of wealth.
(Later, it was to be called Hudson Strait.
Of only one could he be sure -- young John Hudson, his second son.
) In 1610, Hudson was probably in his early forties, a good navigator, a stubborn voyager, but otherwise fatally unsuited to his chosen profession.
The issue was settled on shore, Greene winning and Wilson remaining ashore, determined to catch the next fishing boat back to England.
For weeks he had been saying that Hudson's idea of sailing through to Java was absurd.
The meeting broke up.
The great "sea to the westwards" was a dead end.
Juet demanded that Hudson prove his charges in an open trial.
The important result, however, was that Juet and Francis Clemens, the deposed boatswain, became Hudson's sworn enemies.
Thus at the same time that William Henry Harrison was preparing to pacify the aborigines of Indiana Territory and winning fame at the battle of Tippecanoe, Anglo-Saxon settlement made a great leap into the center of the North American continent to the west of the American agricultural frontier.
The new site was somewhat warmer than Fort Douglas and much closer to the great herds of buffalo on which the settlement must depend for food.
In September 1817 at Fort Daer (Pembina) Dickson met the noble lord whom, with the help of a band of Sioux, he escorted to Prairie Du Chien.
This epic effort to secure seed for the colony cost Selkirk Ab1,040.
As these Swiss were moving from the Selkirk settlement to become the first civilian residents of Minnesota, Dousman of Michilimackinac, Michigan, and Prairie Du Chien was traveling to Red River to open a trade in merchandise.
The disasters of 1825-1826 caused more to leave.
While population at Fort Garry increased rapidly, from 2,417 in 1831 to 4,369 in 1840, economic opportunities did not increase at a similar rate.
The letters of the common soldiers are rich in humor.
Still another, annoyed by the brevity of a recently received missive, wrote: "yore letter was short and sweet, jist like a roasted maget".
A Yank, disturbed by his increasing corpulence, wrote: "I am growing so fat I am a burden 2 myself".
but a much more common designation was "the sh-ts".
Most of the letters were written in the hubbub of camp, on stumps, pieces of bark, drum heads, or the knee.
the most common type of letter was that of soldier husbands to their wives.
But these comments are hardly printable.
Initiation into combat sometimes elicited from soldier correspondents choice comments about their experiences and reactions.
On December 9, 1862, Sergeant Edwin H. Fay, an unusual Louisianan who held A.B. and M.A. degrees from Harvard University and who before the war was headmaster of a private school for boys in Louisiana, wrote his wife: "I saw Pemberton and he is the most insignificant puke I ever saw.
No group of officers came in for more spirited denunciation than the doctors.
In a similar vein, but writing from the opposite side, Thomas Taylor, a private in the 6th Alabama Volunteers, in a letter to his wife, stated: "you know that my heart is with you but I never could have been satisfied to have staid at home when my country is invaded by a thievin foe, by a set of cowardly skunks whose motto is Booty.
The popularity of local color literature before the Spanish-American War, the steady currency of the Lincoln myth, the increased emphasis on the frontier West in our mass media are cases in point.
But we must never forget, most of the appropriate heroes and their legends were created overnight, to answer immediate needs, almost always with conscious aims and ends.
Related to written literature, and often remaining temporarily frozen in written form, it loses its vitality when transcribed or removed from its oral existence.
On the other we have the flag-wavers and the national sentimentalists who have been willing to use any patriotic, "frontier western" or colonial material willy-nilly.
His love of folklore has romanticism in it, and he doesn't care much about the dollar-sign or the footnote.
The commercial propagandist, who can't afford to be critical, gets along well with the amateur, from whom he feeds, but he frequently steps on the analyst's toes by refusing to keep his material genuine.
And so well is such ignorance preserved by the amateur and the money-maker that even at the college level most of the hundred-odd folklore courses given in the United States survive on sentiment and nationalism alone.
Robert Frost, for instance, writes about rural life in New England, but he does not include any significant amount of folklore in his poems.
The coalition was to prove inadvisable.
He had what was described by a psychologist as a "sunny brutality".
In his teens O'Banion was enrolled in the vicious Market Street gang and he became a singing waiter in McGovern's Cafe, a notoriously low and rowdy dive in North Clark Street, where befuddled customers were methodically looted of their money by the singing waiters before being thrown out.
As promptly as Torrio, O'Banion jumped into bootlegging.
The reception was held in a private dining room of the Webster Hotel on Lincoln Park West.
This dinner was the start of a new blatancy in the relationship between the gangs and the politicians, which, prior to 1924, says Pasley, "had been maintained with more or less stealth", but which henceforth was marked by these ostentatious gatherings, denounced by a clergyman as "Belshazzar feasts", at which "politicians fraternized cheek by jowl with gangsters, openly, in the big downtown hotels".
To settle this slight, O'Banion went down to the La Salle Theatre in the Loop, where, he had learned, Dave Miller was attending the opening of a musical comedy.
To them bums?
These booze customers had until then been buying their supplies from the Sheldon, Saltis-McErlane, and Druggan-Lake gangs, and now they were competing for trade with the Torrio-Capone saloons;
The most infamous of all was launched by the explosion of the island of Krakatoa in 1883;
The Hawaiian Islands are struck severely an average of once every 25 years.
Lagrange's law says that its velocity is equal to the square root of the product of the depth times the acceleration due to gravity.
Generally the first salvo of a tsunami is a rather sharp swell, not different enough from an ordinary wave to alarm casual observers.
The waves may keep coming for many hours.
Scientists and fishermen have occasionally seen strange by-products of the phenomenon.
But when waves with a period of between 10 and 40 minutes begin to roll over the ocean, they set in motion a corresponding oscillation in a column of mercury which closes an electric circuit.
On November 4, 1952, an earthquake occurred under the sea off the Kamchatka Peninsula.
In the vulnerable areas of the Pacific there should be restrictions against building homes on exposed coasts, or at least a requirement that they be either raised off the ground or anchored strongly against waves.
The effects of earthquakes on civilization have been widely publicized, even overemphasized.
In the search for oil and gas, we make similar waves under controlled conditions with dynamite and learn from them where there are buried rock structures favorable to the accumulation of these resources.
Garryowen is the battle cry of the 7th U.S. Cavalry Regiment, "The Fighting Seventh".
First of all, no unit likes to have a new CO brought in from the outside, especially when he's an armchair trooper.
He could lead a patrol and he knew his paper work.
But what made the load lighter was the realization that every officer, non-com and trooper was ready and willing to help him carry it, for the good of the troop and the regiment.
For Marvin Goulding, like Giovanni Martini, the bugler boy who carried Custer's last message, or Margarito Lopez, the one-man Army on Leyte, was a Garryowen, through and through.
Its entire complement of non-commissioned officers on the platoon level had departed as cadre for another unit, and its vehicles were still those used in the drive across Luzon in World War 2.
First came the cannon fodder, white-clad civilians being driven into death as a massive human battering ram.
The first thing he knew the words "Garryowen"!
Enemy reinforcements came pouring down, seeking a soft spot.
Then they let out a bellow of anguish and rage and, cursing, screaming and hollering "Garryowen"!
After years of digging, nights and weekends, he put together the big, profusely illustrated book, Of Garryowen And Glory, which is probably the most complete history of any military unit.
During the Civil War, Custer, who achieved a brilliant record, was made brigadier general at the age of 23.
These conditions are unobtainable -- are not even approachable in the qualified sense I have indicated -- without the prior defeat of world Communism.
Freedom, in the sense of self-determination, is a worthy objective;
This brings us squarely to the problem of power, and the uses a nation makes of power.
Suppose, he says, that the tables were turned, and we were in the Soviets'position: "There would be more than 2,000 modern Soviet fighters, all better than ours, stationed at 250 bases in Mexico and the Caribbean.
Prestige, however, is only a minor part of the problem;
Still, these guesses about the outcome of the struggle cannot be as important as the actual power relationship between the Soviet Union and ourselves.
The second stage is to retain the nominal classification of "neutralist", while in fact turning the country into an active advocate and adherent of Soviet policy.
Ceylon has moved from a pro-Western orientation to a neutralism openly hostile to the West.
In some countries the trend has gone further than others: Mexico, Panama, and Venezuela are displaying open sympathy for Castroism, and there is no country -- save the Dominican Republic whose funeral services we recently arranged -- where Castroism and Anti-Americanism does not prevent the government from unqualifiedly espousing the American cause.
And contrary to what has been said recently, we did not wait for "outside pressures" and "world opinion" to bring down that Communist government;
This was my second day in Vientiane, the administrative capital of Laos, and my thoughts were none too brave.
The American newspaperman worried about getting to the cable office.
The din was successful, too, for just before the moon disappeared, the frightened toad had begun to spit it out again, which meant good luck all around.
This damage had been done in the battle of Vientiane, fought less than three months earlier when four successive governments had ruled here in three days (December 9-11, 1960).
yet they include peoples as different from one another as Oregonians are from Patagonians.
Shy, slender-waisted girls at the loom in harmony with the frangipani by the wayside.
To find out, we traveled throughout that part of Laos still nominally controlled, in the daytime at least, by the Royal Lao Army: from Attopeu, the City of Buffalo Dung in the southeast, to Muong Sing, the City of Lions in the northwest, close to Communist China (map, page 250).
Before the airplanes came, he said, travel in Laos was just about impossible.
We had nearly decided that all the tales of Lao lethargy must be true, when we were invited to take a trip with the Prime Minister.
It was a spleen-crushing day.
"We ask the people what they want, and they supply the labor.
You might say we are in the nation-building business".
Briefly we rolled over a paved road up to Pak Song, on the cool Bolovens Plateau.
Now a distinguished old man called on nine divinities to come and join us.
John said: "I have some antiseptic salve with me, but it's too late for that".
As I see it, there's no real difference between being Jewish, Catholic, or Protestant".
Nevertheless, most of the teen-agers I interviewed believed in maintaining their Jewish identity and even envisioned joining a synagogue or temple.
A fourteen-year-old girl from the Middle West observed wryly that, in her community, religion inconveniently interfered with religious activities -- at least with the peripheral activities that many middle class Jews now regard as religious.
However, in their junior and senior years, they generally forego their athletic pursuits, presumably in the interest of better academic achievement.
The Jewish working girl almost invariably works in an office -- in contradistinction to gentile factory workers -- and, buttressed by a respectable income, she is likely to dress better and live more expansively than the college student.
First, the girl's education has a lower priority than the son's.
"It's people of your own kind", a girl remarked.
For girls, the overprotection is far more pervasive.
It is significant that the Catskills, which used to be the summer playground for older teen-agers, a kind of summer suburb of New York, no longer attracts them in great numbers -- except for those who work there as waiters, bus boys, or counselors in the day camps.
And the school newspaper sells space to jubilant fraternities, sororities, and houses (in the House Plan Association) that have good news to impart.
This should be used frequently (but shaken before using).
) Salted butter was another cure for bruises.
Later the doctor used mineral oil on the burns.
A "chaw" of tobacco put on an open wound was both antiseptic and healing.
Tetanus could be avoided by pouring warm turpentine over a wound.
Or the victim could chew hard on a piece of paper, meanwhile pressing his fingers tight in his ears.
Yellow clay was used as a poultice for insect bites and also for swellings;
Just plain old black dirt was also used as a pack to relieve wasp or bee stings.
Another way to remove small objects from the eye was to have the person look cross-eyed;
Now one hears that heat and hot water are used instead.
This softened the skin so that in the morning when the bandage was removed the corn could be scraped off and a bit of corn plaster put on.
One person recommended to me washing the wart with sulphur water;
Pains in the back of the leg and in the abdomen were prevented from reaching the upper body by tying a rope about the patient's waist.
These are the wines the French themselves use for everyday drinking, for even in France virtually no one drinks the Grands Crus on a meal-to-meal basis.
) is for the most part a recondite affair, for manifestly, if everyone in the world who could afford the best wines also liked them, the supply would dry up in no time at all.
otherwise, the cork dries and air enters to spoil it.
If one lives near a subway or an express parkway, the solution is to have one's wines stored with a dealer and brought home a few at a time.
but again, as one will have observed at any restaurant worth its salt, wine should be served in a large, tulip-shaped glass, which is never filled more than half full.
Over-chilling is an accepted method for covering up the faults of many a cheap or poor white wine, especially a dry wine -- and certainly less of a crime than serving a wine at a temperature which reveals it as unattractive.
very old red wine is often decanted so that the puckering, bitter elements which have settled to the bottom will not be mingled with the wine itself.
Though there are many exceptions, which we have noted in preceding pages, white wine is as a rule best consumed between two and six years old, and red wines, nowadays, between three and ten.
An excellent crop was expected that year.
William, who did not write to Gorham, told Giffen that unless he could operate the plantation as usual for a year, he would sue "amicably" to protect his interests.
In March there was a division of the slaves, and Giffen carried out his instructions as nearly as possible.
Rose, a twelve-year-old with child-bearing potential, was worth $400.
On March 11 the Louisiana legislature voted unanimously to table the petition.
In both cases he desired information about placing the freedmen in homes once they arrived in the North.
He proceeded with his task bravely -- in his memoirs, at least -- before the "passions of my neighbors should have time to boil too high".
From Cambridge, Palfrey maintained a close interest in the welfare of his slaves.
Not all of Palfrey's slaves were aboard the Bashaw.
Palfrey tried fruitlessly to place a Negro boy in the Hopedale Community, but he had better luck in his other attempts.
Ambassador-at-Large Averell Harriman has returned to the capital with a collection of paintings that include Renoir, Cezanne, Gauguin, Van Gogh, Toulouse-Lautrec, Degas, Matisse, Picasso, and Walt Kuhn.
his wife, Marion, is a portrait painter.
Postmaster General J. Edward Day, who must deal with matters of postal censorship, is himself author of a novel, Bartholf Street, albeit one he was obliged to publish at his own expense.
Walton, who served as a correspondent with General James Gavin's paratroopers during the invasion of France, combines the soul of an artist with the lingo of a tough guy.
After promoting Frost's appearance at the Inauguration, he persuaded the poet to return several months later to give a reading to a select audience of Cabinet members, members of Congress, and other Washington notables gathered in the State Department auditorium.
eleven others were introduced.
Later, browsing in an old issue of the Gazette Des Beaux-Arts, she found a description of a handsome gilt pier-table purchased in 1817 by President James Monroe.
The American Institute of Interior Designers is redecorating the White House library.
Then he called in his friend Walton and turned over the problem to him, with instructions to work out what was best -- provided it didn't pile unnecessary burdens on the President.
"The attempt to save the Square's historic value", he declares, "came half a century too late".
The would-be sophisticate and the citybred youth adopt this air without embarrassment.
No Dartmouth man was surprised.
They can hire a horse and go ski-joring behind him, or move out to Oak Hill, where there's a lift.
City boys find a lot of learning in the feel of an ax handle or in the sharp tang of a sawmill, come upon suddenly in a backwoods logging camp.
In 1817 the lawyers were generally debating the legal inviolability of private contracts and charters.
It was a hardy undertaking, and Wheelock's was indeed "a voice crying in the wilderness".
The dormitories, including the beloved Dartmouth Hall, could barely house two hundred students in Spartan fashion.
About two-thirds of the boys now come from public schools.
It has not been a well-known school for any part of the span the other Ivies have enjoyed.
She had no way of knowing in advance whether an opportunity for murder existed.
He said Morse and Borden had quarreled violently in the house that day, information which must have come from Lizzie.
He said he returned from the visit to his niece on the 11:20 streetcar.
We do know that Morse left the house before nine o'clock.
Morse's knowledge of what Mrs. Borden told Bridget could indicate that he had returned secretly to the house and was hidden there.
If he took an earlier streetcar than the 11:20 on his return, he could have arrived at the Borden house shortly after Mr. Borden came home.
He said he had promised Mrs. Borden to return in time for dinner and that was close to the time when he did turn up at the Borden house.
The exoneration Pearson speaks of is not an exoneration, but Lizzie's expression of her opinion, as reported in the testimony of Assistant Marshal Fleet.
Her statement certainly was true;
True, it is no longer cricket for the butler to be the killer in mystery fiction, but we are dealing here with actual people in real life and not imaginary characters and situations.
I have previously described how, during the week of the murder, Bridget spent the first few hot days scrubbing and ironing clothes.
Lucy Upton was graduated from the Salem High School when few colleges, only Oberlin and Elmira, were open to women;
" And that she proceeded to do.
Lucy's correspondence with brother Winslow during his college days was not entirely taken up with academic studies.
and after 1883, was professor of astronomy at Brown University.
They were not sufficiently challenging however, and she resigned in 1887, to go to Germany with her brother Winslow and his family while he was there on study.
and her close knowledge of individual students.
Both loved the out-of-doors, including mountain climbing and horseback riding.
that the enrollment showed an increase of boarding students as was desired;
Two bequests were recorded: one of $200 under the will of Mrs. Harriet A. Copp of Los Angeles;
she died on August sixth.
and so do the hearts of students and of teachers.
The "distributive education" program operates in a similar way, with arrangements between the school and employers in merchandising fields.
I make no attempt to measure the enduring satisfaction and material well-being of a man who went to work on graduation from high school and was highly successful in the business which he entered.
Quite the contrary, as I can testify from personal experience as a former university president.
First and foremost, vocational courses should not replace courses which are essential parts of the required academic program for graduation.
I intend to include under the term all the practical courses open to boys and girls.
Perhaps a course in typewriting might be regarded as the exception which proves the rule.
The separate vocational or technical high schools in the large cities must be reckoned as permanent institutions.
"Oh, he'll be a plumber", came the answer.
I discovered in the course of a visit there that almost all the pupils were Negroes.
They are used mainly for their oil.
The rest is used for human food and industrial products.
One of the finest of artists'oils comes from poppy seeds.
Solid fats from the seeds of the mahua tree, the shea tree, and the coconut palm are used to make candles in tropical countries.
Guar gum thickens salad dressings and stabilizes ice cream.
The world production of familiar seed nuts -- almonds, brazil nuts, filberts, and the English walnuts -- totals about 300 thousand tons annually.
A forest crop that has not been extensively cultivated is ivory nuts from the tagua palm.
Although science has given us more effective materials, preparations from anise, castorbean, colchicum, nux vomica, mustard, fennel, and stramonium are familiar to many for the relief of human ailments.
It is a main flavoring for halvah, the candy of the Middle East.
The Japanese sake is wine fermented from rice grain.
Seeds furnish about 40 percent of the total nutrients consumed by all livestock.
Cattle were inclined to remain in a territory with which they were acquainted.
but when a large number were "bunched up" or "banded up", and marched away from their home range, as long as they stayed together the group was said to be a "drift".
Cattle brought into a range from a distance were called "immigrants".
Cows givin'no milk were knowed as "strippers".
A cow rose from the ground rear end first.
The first cattle the Injuns saw under the white man's control were the ox teams of the early freighters.
When the cowboy used the word "tailin's", he meant stragglers.
"Sabinas" was a Spanish word used to describe cattle of red and white peppered and splotched colorin'.
This method of countin'was usually done at the request, and in the presence, of a representative of the bank that held the papers against the herd.
No matter by what name cattle were called, there was no denyin'that they not only saved Texas from financial ruin, but went far toward redeemin'from a wilderness vast territories of the Northwest.
On the south it ended sharply as though the lava had been cut off there suddenly.
"Not yet", cautioned Ulyate.
Then there was a chorus of wild barking and baying.
And when they had drawn back a step he added: "Jones is sitting on his horse right in front of her.
Of the thirty-four, seventeen had been killed by lions, and eleven out of the seventeen by lionesses.
But now she sank lower to the rock.
Bring me the firecrackers".
The men were tired too.
But without waiting for them to try it, she scattered the dogs and shot down the Reef and out across the plain.
Means edged closer.
She was closing and within one more bound would have been able to reach the rear end of the bay, but -- and here Jones and Loveless and Ulyate were holding breath for all they were worth -- she never quite caught up that last bound.
The lioness quickly changed front, when she saw she couldn't catch Means, and made for Jones.
Kearton began shouting, "Wait, wait -- the camera's jammed"!
The next stage ahead is that of making it thoroughly at home in the local community.
It has become almost trite to say that the ecumenical movement must be "carried down to the grass roots".
The idea that it is a feature of all religions is entirely mistaken.
Whenever a congregation really sees itself as a unit in the universal Church, in vital relation with the whole Body of Christ and participating in His mission to the world, a necessary foundation-stone of the ecumenical movement has been laid.
With great difficulty he made his way from his native Hungary to Geneva to renew his contacts as a member of the Provisional Committee for the World Council of Churches.
On the other hand, many a pastor is so absorbed in ministering to the intimate, personal needs of individuals in his congregation that he does little or nothing to lead them into a sense of social responsibility and world mission.
It provides pastoral care for the sick and troubled.
It is not developing an awareness of the new kind of missionary strategy that is called for as young churches emerge in Asia and Africa.
As long as the congregation regards the church as "our" church, or the minister thinks of it as "my" church, just so long the ecumenical movement will make no significant advance.
At one point in the game when the skinny old man in suspenders who was acting as umpire got in the way of a thrown ball and took it painfully in the kidneys, he lay there unattended while players and spectators wrangled over whether the ball was "dead" or the base runners were free to score.
Babe Ruth, of course, was everyone's hero, and everyone knew him, even though relatively few ever saw him play ball.
It was his brag that he could beat everybody at anything, but especially at fighting, and he once took on the manager of his club and worked him over thoroughly with his fists.
One young man, exhilarated to the point of insanity by liquor and the excitement of the moment, performed a perfect swan dive out of the stands at the Yale Bowl during the Yale-Army football game, landed squarely on his head on the concrete ramp below, and died at once.
But there is one small episode that a few New York fans who happened to sit in the cheap seats for one World's Series game in 1926 like best to recall.
The questions women asked at baseball games were standard grist for amateur comedy, as were the doings of women automobile drivers;
Hypothesizing a series of developmental stages that begin in the individual's infancy and end in his old age, Erikson has indicated that the adolescent is faced with a series of identity crises.
For many of these unwed mothers, the data on their family life and early childhood experiences revealed several indications and sources of their basic mistrust of their parents in particular and of the world in general.
Her ostensible indifference to and rebellion against suggestions and criticisms by anyone except peer friends during adolescence are the manifestations, in her adolescence, of her having been indoctrinated in childhood to feel shame, if not guilt, for failing to behave in a manner acceptable to, and judged by, the performance of her nursery- and elementary-school peer friends.
If she has not had such experiences, the female's normal adolescent degree of indecision will be compounded.
They attended school and selected courses primarily on the basis of decisions others made;
On the other hand, some unwed mothers had had so much work and responsibility imposed on them at an early age, and had thus had so little freedom or opportunity to develop autonomy and initiative, that their work and responsibilities became dull and unrewarding burdens -- to be escaped and rebelled against through fun and experimentation with forbidden sexual behavior.
A pronounced ideological diffusion -- i.e., inability to identify independently with given ideas and value systems -- is reflected in many ways.
In the adult world, there are a number of rather general and diffuse sources of ideological diffusion that further compound the adolescent's search for meaning during this particular identity crisis.
As long as the bar prefers to adduce evidence by written deposition, rather than viva voce before an authoritative judicial officer, I fear that the antiquated rules will remain unchanged, and expensive prolixity remain the best known characteristic of Equity".
Inventors joined lawyers in the clamor for reform, inevitably centering upon the Selden litigation as a "horrible example".
"This very seldom happens in this class or in other cases, and of course all of these matters led to a volume and an expense of the record beyond what ordinarily would occur".
Other expeditious methods are designed to prevent prolixity, limit delays, and reduce the expense of infringement suits.
Its origin lies in the Selden patent controversy and its aftermath.
Its positive features outweighed the fact that the pool was an adjunct of a wouldbe monopoly.
The prevailing view in the industry was summed up in 1912 by a group of auto makers who told a Senate committee: "The exceedingly unsatisfactory and uselessly expensive conditions, including delays surrounding legal disputes, particularly in patent litigation, are items of industrial burden which must be written large in figures of many millions of dollars of industrial waste".
With the other members of the patents committee -- Wilfred C. Leland, Howard E. Coffin, Windsor T. White, and W. H. Vandervoort -- Hanch drafted a cross-licensing agreement whose essential feature of royalty-free licensing was his own contribution.
On the wall of this square there are delightful bas-reliefs of musical instruments.
You will walk some of the narrow, old streets, hemmed in by massive palazzi.
Climb the steps from the theatre to the Via Della Tribuna Di Campitelli for an even better view of the Columns of Apollo.
Keep straight ahead on the Via Falegnami, cross the wide Via Arenula, and you will come to the Piazza B. Cairoli, where you should look in at the Church of San Carlo Ai Catinari to see the frescoes on the ceiling.
By tipping the porter, you can see in the courtyard Borromini's unusual and fascinating trick in perspective.
Directly in front of the palace along the Via D. Baullari you will come to the Campo Di Fiori, the famous site of executions during the turbulent days of Renaissance Rome.
From the seventeenth to the nineteenth century it was a popular practice to flood the piazza in the summer, and the aristocrats would then ride around the inundated square in their carriages.
in a moment cross the Corso Del Rinascimento.
Standing before the tomb of Raphael, the great genius of the Renaissance, when shafts of sunlight are penetrating this great Roman temple, you are once again reminded of the varied civilizations so characteristic of Rome.
If you have taken this stroll in the morning, and you have the time and inclination, walk to the right along the crowded Corso for half a dozen blocks to visit the fine private collection of paintings -- mainly of the sixteenth and seventeenth centuries -- in the Palazzo Doria (open Sunday, Tuesday, and Thursday, 10:00 to 1:00).
And so do the prostitutes.
And he is not the only one who knows why he is always in company: the people who are watching him know why, too.
One day, to everyone's astonishment, someone drops a match in the powder keg and everything blows up.
I tried to explain what has happened, unfailingly, whenever a significant body of Negroes move North.
This is precisely what happened when the Puerto Ricans arrived in their thousands -- and the bitterness thus caused is, as I write, being fought out all up and down those streets.
he found it, if anything, all too familiar.
Everything, thereafter, is permitted him except the love he remembers and has never ceased to need.
They are two sides of the same coin and the South will not change -- cannot change -- until the North changes.
God knows what the African nations, who hold 25 per cent of the voting stock in the U.N. were thinking -- they may, for example, have been thinking of the U.S. abstention when the vote on Algerian freedom was before the Assembly -- but I think I have a fairly accurate notion of what the Negroes in the gallery were thinking.
According, then, to what I take to be the prevailing view, these rioters were merely a handful of irresponsible, Stalinist-corrupted provocateurs.
Their presence is not as frightening as the discontent which creates their opportunity.
An early Edison production was The Execution Of Mary, Queen Of Scots.
Thus such great American documentaries as The River and The Plow That Broke The Plains were composed as visual stories rather than as illustrated lectures.
Physically, a movie is possible because a series of images is projected one at a time at such a speed that the eye "remembers" the one that has gone before even as it registers the one now appearing.
Time is built into the motion picture, which cannot exist without time.
The Great Train Robbery is a one-reel film.
Each scene is shot straight through, as had been the universal custom, from a camera fixed in a single position, but in the outdoor scenes, especially in the capture and destruction of the outlaws, Porter's camera position breaks, necessarily, with the camera position standard until then, which had been, roughly, that of a spectator in a center orchestra seat at a play.
If, in preparing that shot for the inevitable showing to your friends, you interrupt the sequence to paste in a few frames of the child's grandmother watching this event, you have begun to be an artist in film;
The chase in itself is a narrative;
Before he was forty Griffith had created the art of the film.
In general, religious interest seems to exist in all parts of the metropolis;
they mix middle-class people with lower-class residents.
it is secondarily a believing and worshiping fellowship.
Mission as co-optation
this recruitment, however, must follow the pattern of economic integration or it will disrupt the congregation;
association by level of achievement is the dominant principle of informal relations.
economic integration and co-optation are the two methods by which Protestants associate with and recruit from the neighborhood.
Residential associations struggle to insulate themselves against intrusions.
Soon they will fight their way into the lower middle-class suburbs, and the churches will experience the same decay and rebuilding cycle which has characterized their history for a century.
These values give direction to the life of the middle-class man or woman, dictating the methods of child rearing, determining the pattern of community participation, setting the style for the psychiatric treatment of middle-class illness, and informing the congregational life of the major denominations.
The company disposed of the pelts, but with what profit, the records do not show.
Mobile was to be the anchor of a chain of posts extending northward to the sources of the Tennessee River.
An elaborate system of accounting and reports was worked out, and the trade was to be managed in the most scientific way.
It decided, also, that the purely secular efforts of Bienville were insufficient, and sent missionaries to win the savages from the heathen Carolinians.
The Chickasaws were the principal source of trouble in the Mobile district.
The Company of the Indies promised to send over a supply of Indian trading goods, and to price them more cheaply in terms of deerskins.
They were to conciliate the unfriendly savages, and, wherever possible, to incite the natives to pillage the traders from Carolina.
No help came from the crown, and Perier, in desperation, gave a monopoly of the Indian trade in the district to D'Artaguette.
It offered to surrender its right to exclusive trade, but asked an indemnity.
Bienville, who returned to succeed Perier in 1732, objected that the merchants would not accept the responsibility of managing a trade in which they could see no hope of profits.
First, the State Department is unique among government agencies for its lack of public supporters.
In many sections he may even reap applause from press and public for giving it a good lesson.
The Department expects and receives no thanks from Congress for its discretion.
In the most confidential whispers ambassadors told of techniques they had tried to bring Rooney around -- friendly persuasion, groveling abasement, pressure subtly exerted through other powerful congressmen, tales of heartbreak and penury among a threadbare diplomatic corps.
John Foster Dulles escaped by keeping his personal show on the road and because Lyndon Johnson, who was then operating the Senate, refused to let it become an Inquisition.
During this dark chapter in State Department history, men who had offered foreign-policy ideas later proven wrong by events filled the tumbrels sent up to Capitol Hill.
They range from the Soviet Embassy on Sixteenth Street, a gray shuttered pile suggesting a funeral-accessories display house, to what Congressman Rooney has called "that monstrosity on Thirty-fourth Street", the modern cement-and-glass chancery of the Belgians.
Menshikov hit Washington with a TV announcer's grin and a hearty handclasp.
His English was usable and he used it fearlessly.
The State Department was little help on this, or on much else about Saudi Arabia.
And how many of these were sons?
Of course, most toilets are Eastern style -- at floor level -- but even when they are raised to chair height, they are actually outside toilets -- inside.
The dances were as beautiful as anything I have ever seen -- they rival the New York Rockettes for scenery and precision as well as imagination.
Parents indulge their children.
My hotel rooms on the trip were arranged by Masu and the Japan Travel Bureau and were more elegant than I would have chosen, but it was fun for once to be elegant -- I did explain to the students, however, that this was not my usual style, for their salaries are very small, and it seemed out of place for me to be housed so well.
They were even better than those of Tokyo -- more spectacular and more imaginative.
This is a significant fact in Japan, for only a few years ago he would have had no choice.
A new red carpet had been laid for their coming, but I walked on it, too.
I had planned to go to the hotel by taxi and sleep a little, after which Mr. Uno would arrive and pilot me around.
On arriving in Tokyo later we were met by Masu who took us immediately to her university, the Japanese Women's University.
As far as I am concerned there is continuous piling up of evidence that the creative fresh ideas which are needed in the world are going to be found by educated women unafraid to break traditions.
Masu also uses the training she got in an American home where she learned to polish furniture, clean corners, and work effectively in keeping a shiny house.
Perhaps this would be sufficient to justify an economic boycott of an entire national chain in order, by threatening potential injury to its entire economy, to effect an alteration of the policy of its local stores in the matter of segregation.
Here the recourse is in steps to give economic sustenance to those being despoiled, and to legal remedies.
It also definitely fashions conduct in the way explained above, and this means far more than in the choice of non-violent means.
and to them it will seem insignificant that it is proposed to defeat such causes non-violently.
That would amount to calculating the means and justifying them wholly in terms of their effectiveness in reaching desired goals.
Our leadership in a wide economic boycott of South Africa would be not only in accord, it seems, with the moral conscience of America, not to be denied because we also as a people have widespread injustice in the relations of the races in our own country, but also in accord with our law, U.S. Code Title 19, Section 1307, which forbids the importation of goods made by forced or convict labor.
I write about Northern liberals from considerable personal experience.
This seems like an attitude favoring a sort of totalitarian bureaucracy which, under a President of the same stamp, would try to coerce an uncooperative Congress or Supreme Court.
Time's editor, Thomas Griffith, in his book, The Waist-High Culture, wrote: "most of what was different about it (the Deep South) I found myself unsympathetic to.
The strong feeling is certainly there;
No doubt such a thing would be considered unpatriotic.
The social and psychological consequences of this continue to affect the area.
And this, in effect, means most of modern America.
And the great majority of these people are of Anglo-Saxon or Celtic descent.
The two main charges levelled against the Bourbons by liberals is that they are racists and social reactionaries.
Their own easier, slower tempo is especially dear to Southerners;
Beyond the two basic tasks mentioned above, no attention was paid by statesman or scholar to an idea of state responsibility, either internally or externally.
A little more than twenty years ago the American people turned an important corner.
A third, one of at least equal and perhaps even greater importance, is now being traversed: American immersion and involvement in world affairs.
Reduced to its simplest terms, it is an assumption of a collective duty to compensate for the inability of individuals to cope with the rigors of the era.
The hypothesis ventured here is that it does, and that evidence is accumulating validating that proposition.
For it includes the emotional ties that bind men to their homeland and the complex motivations that hold a large group of people together as a unit.
But it is more than irony: one of the main reasons why nationalism is no longer a tenable concept is because it has spread throughout the planet.
These fundamental ideas -- the indivisibility of sovereignty and its dual (internal-external) aspects -- still remain the core of that concept of ultimate political power.
to some degree they are being supplanted by a concept of national responsibility.
There is unceasing pressure, but its sources are immediate.
As an Air Force psychiatrist put it: "You can't have dry runs on this one".
Yet implicit in each movement was the death of millions, perhaps hundreds of millions, perhaps you and me -- and the experts.
BMEWS intelligence is simultaneously flashed to NORAD (North American Air Defense Command) in Colorado Springs, Colorado, for interpretation;
Only the President is permitted to authorize the use of nuclear weapons.
However, the system is designed, ingeniously and hopefully, so that no one man could initiate a thermonuclear war.
If communications work, his decision would be instantly known in all command posts that would originate the actual go order.
It is a quiet but impressive room -- 140 feet long, thirty-nine feet wide, twenty-one feet high.
At General Power's seat in the balcony there is also a gold phone.
The box is internally wired so the door can never be opened without setting off a screeching klaxon ("It's real obnoxious").
"I'd wind up full of bullet holes", he said, and there was no question that he was talking about bullets fired by his coworkers.
All three must compare notes and agree to "go".
A white man would not have seen it.
Sometimes it was to skirt a gulley.
Suddenly one of them shouted, ran a few feet, bent forward and put his mouth to the ground.
They are huge areas which have been swept by winds for so many centuries that there is no soil left, but only deep bare ridges fifty or sixty yards apart with ravines between them thirty or forty feet deep and the only thing that moves is a scuttling layer of sand.
Only there happened -- nothing.
Even today range riders will come upon mummified bodies of men who attempted nothing more difficult than a twenty-mile hike and slowly lost direction, were tortured by the heat, driven mad by the constant and unfulfilled promise of the landscape, and who finally died.
Many of them have drifted into the cities and towns and seaports.
"Do you always navigate like this"?
I would try to memorize landmarks and saw in a half-hour that it was hopeless.
It was a worker.
Every bone and muscle in his body showed, but he did not give the appearance of starving.
Her long thin arms moved in a slow rhythmical gesture over the family possessions which were placed in front of her.
The smell at first was more surprising than unpleasant.
"That smell is something, eh, mate"?
It was a fortunate time in which to build, for the seventeenth century was a great period in Persian art.
Isfahan became more of a legend than a place, and now it is for many people simply a name to which they attach their notions of old Persia and sometimes of the East.
they are the places where Persians live.
These things are important to almost all Persians and perhaps most important to the most ordinary.
The natural world then, plus poetry and some kinds of art, receives from the most ordinary of Persians a great deal of attention.
The top story contains more than thirty alcoves separated from each other by spandrels of blue and yellow tile.
On spring and summer evenings people leave their shops and houses and walk up through the lanes of the city to the bridge.
Below, people line the steps, as though on bleachers, to watch the sky and river.
Poetry for a Persian is nothing less than truth and beauty.
Go, tell his aged mother that her son Fought with a thousand foes, and he was one".
His London contract was rescinded, and now, he explains cheerfully, as a bright smile lightens his intense, mobile face, "I conduct only one hundred and twenty concerts"!
When he started school at the age of five-and-a-half, he could not understand why the alphabet begins with the letter A, instead of C, as in the scale.
Wasn't this an unusually young age to fill such a responsible post?
He had presented the first German performances of Puccini's Manon Lescaut and De Falla's La Vida Breve.
After he had spent the first three years in New York as associate conductor, at Toscanini's invitation, of the NBC Orchestra, he made numerous guest appearances throughout the United States and Latin America.
I consider it the center of the world and make it a point to be there once a year".
He added that he also stresses the works of these favorite masters on tour, especially Mahler's First and Fourth symphonies, and Das Lied Von der Erde, and Bruckner's Sixth -- which is rarely played -- and Seventh.
He was not enthusiastic over the newly acquired Claude Lorrain, but reminisced with pleasure over a Poussin exhibit he had been able to see in Paris a year ago.
"Both children are musical and my wife is a music lover of unfailing instinct and judgement".
"You must have some security", said a young clerk.
what they feared most was war or political instability in their own country.
As Madison commented to Jefferson in 1789, "We are in a wilderness without a single footstep to guide us.
The young printer's apprentice achieved greatness in a half-dozen different fields, as editor and publisher, scientist, inventor, philanthropist and statesman.
If Franklin was an authentic genius, then Alexander Hamilton, with his exceptional precocity, consuming energy, and high ambition, was a political prodigy.
These Seven Founders constituted an intellectual and social elite, the most respectable and disinterested leadership any revolution ever confessed.
The Seven Founders were completely dedicated to the public service.
"If you can conveniently let me have twenty dollars", he wrote one friend in 1791 when he was Secretary of the Treasury.
Jay had participated in the decision that exiled his old friend Van Schaack.
Save Jefferson, all participated in the framing or ratification of the Federal Constitution.
Tobacco Road is dead.
of these and a host of other antiquated legends that deny the South its progressive leaps of the past century.
Undoubtedly even the old Southern stalwart Richmond has felt the new wind: William Styron mentions in his latest novel an avenue named for Bankhead McGruder, a Civil War general, now renamed, in typical California fashion, "Buena Vista Terrace".
Where are the writers to treat these changes?
Other examples of gradual changes that have affected the Negro have been his moving up, row by row, in the buses;
It is clear that, while most writers enjoy picturing the Negro as a woolly-headed, humble old agrarian who mutters "yassuhs" and "sho'nufs" with blissful deference to his white employer (or, in Old South terms, "massuh"), this stereotype is doomed to become in reality as obsolete as Caldwell's Lester.
Many earlier writers, mourning the demise of the old order, tended to romanticize and exaggerate this "gracious Old South" imagery, creating such lasting impressions as Margaret Mitchell's "Tara" Plantation.
Obviously, such a Northern tourist's purpose is somewhat akin to a child's experience with Disneyland: he wants to see a world of make-believe.
As his disciples boast, even though his emphasis is elsewhere, Faulkner does show his awareness of the changing order of the South quite keenly, as can be proven by a quick recalling of his Sartoris and Snopes families.
But Robert Rauschenberg, the neo-dadaist artist, has collaborated with several of them.
The dancer who never loosens her hold on a parasol, begins to feel that it is part of herself.
He disdains external restrictions -- conventional syntax, traditional metre.
Rather than putting their trust in ephemeral sensations they seek form in the stable relationships of pure design, which symbolize an order more real than the disorder of the perceptual world.
Again, the composer must select his own materials.
The approach to the depiction of the experience of creation may be analytic, as it is for Miss Litz, or spontaneous, as it is for Merle Marsicano.
Alwin Nikolais objects to art as an outpouring of personal emotion.
But the metamorphosis must come first.
At one side of the stage a dancer jumps excitedly;
he may take slips of paper from a grab bag.
However, there is always the possibility that chance will make demands the dancers find impossible to execute.
The present issue in Atlantica -- whether to transform an alliance of sovereign nations into a federal union of sovereign citizens -- resembles the American one of 1787-89 rather than the one that was resolved by Civil War.
We began by declaring that all men are created equal.
It made substantially the same division of power between the central and state governments, and among the executive, legislative and judicial branches.
The only important differences from that standpoint, between the two Constitutions, lies in their Preambles.
Much as he abhorred slavery, Lincoln was always willing to concede to each "slave state" the right to decide independently whether to continue or end it.
But before this came about, 214,938 Americans had given their lives in battle for the two concepts of the sovereign rights of men and of states.
The very fact that they came so near to winning by the wrong method, war, led directly to their losing both the war and the wrong thing they fought for, since it forced Lincoln to free their slaves as a military measure.
For the family is the simplest example of just such a unit, composed of people, which gives us both some immunity from, and a way of dealing with, other people.
And it is certainly no slight to either of them to compare both their achievements and their impact.
There are certainly large areas of understanding in the human sciences which in themselves and even without political invention can help to dispel our present fears.
They include both individual fears and collective ones.
In fact, although we have dispelled the fear, we have not necessarily assured ourselves that there are no dangers.
Our weapons production, our world prestige, our ideas of democracy, our actions of trust or stubbornness or secrecy or espionage?
We are forced, in our behavior towards others, to adopt empirically successful patterns in toto because we have such a minimal understanding of their essential elements.
The major effect of these advances appears to lie in the part they have played in the industrial revolution and in the tools which scientific understanding has given us to build and manipulate a more protective environment.
Much of the former extreme uneasiness associated with visions and hallucinations and with death has disappeared.
My wish to meet Samuel Beckett had been prompted by simple curiosity and interest in his work.
My curiosity was sharpened a day or two before the interview by a conversation I had with a well-informed teacher of literature, a Jesuit father, at a conference on religious drama near Paris.
His light blue eyes, set deep within the face, are actively and continually looking.
His talk turns to what he calls "the mess", or sometimes "this buzzing confusion".
To swim is true, and to sink is true.
"How could the mess be admitted, because it appears to be the very opposite of form and therefore destructive of the very thing that art holds itself to be"?
"What I am saying does not mean that there will henceforth be no form in art.
"Not this", he said, and gestured toward the Madeleine.
Didi and Gogo hover on the edge of suicide;
In classical drama, such problems do not arise.
"Well, really there is none at all.
My brother and mother got no value from their religion when they died.
He wanted to know if my father had beaten me or my mother had run away from home to give me an unhappy childhood.
"Perhaps" stands in place of commitment.
America is now joining Europe in this "mature" phase of development.
Nothing is more revealing of the way of life and literary aspirations of this group than their attitude toward sex.
The beatniks crave a sexual experience in which their whole being participates.
If Wilhelm Reich is the Moses who has led them out of the Egypt of sexual slavery, Dylan Thomas is the poet who offers them the Dionysian dialectic of justification for their indulgence in liquor, marijuana, sex, and jazz.
Instead of giving themselves spontaneously to the orgiastic release that jazz can give them, they undergo psychoanalysis or flirt with mysticism or turn to prostitutes for satisfaction.
He will not curb his instinctual desires but release the energy within him that makes him feel truly and fully alive, even if it is only for this brief moment before the apocalypse of annihilation explodes on earth.
And the life they lead is undisciplined and for the most part unproductive, even though they make a fetish of devoting themselves to some creative pursuit -- writing, painting, music.
This girl soon drops the bourgeois pyschiatrist who disapproves of her life.
Who are the creative representatives of this movement?
Everything in the final analysis reduced itself to sexual symbolism.
Under the influence of marijuana the beatnik comes alive within and experiences a wonderfully enhanced sense of self as if he had discovered the open sesame to the universe of being.
front fences were covered with Virginia creeper or trumpet vines or honeysuckle.
In the center of any open space remaining our grandfathers had planted syringa and sweet-shrub, snowball, rose-of-Sharon and balm-of-Gilead.
And yet -- a year to a child is an eternity, and in the memory that phase of one's being -- a certain mental landscape -- will seem to have endured without beginning and without end.
My great-grandmother, I have been told, made her garden her great pride;
snowballs;
Fuzzy caterpillars, snails with their sensitive horns, struggling grasshoppers held by their long hind legs and commanded to "spit tobacco, spit".
We enjoyed a paradoxical freedom when we were still too young for school.
If a child watched its progress he whispered, "Hay, hay, load of hay -- make a wish and turn away", and then stared rigidly in the opposite direction until the sound of the horses'feet returned no more.
the trees'shadows circled from street to sidewalk, from sidewalk to lawn.
It had a bucolic atmosphere that it has lost long since.
The music which Lautner has composed for this episode is for the most part "rather pretty and perfectly banal".
So here.
and the motion toward it brings disaster.
that is, he is suspect, guilty, punishable, as is anyone in Mann's stories who produces illusion, and this is true even though the constant elements of the artist-nature, technique, magic, guilt and suffering, are divided in this story between Jacoby and Lautner.
The highroad, one might say at first, belongs to life, while the way to the churchyard belongs to death.
The cyclist, a sufficiently commonplace young fellow, is not named but identified simply as "Life" -- that and a license number, which Piepsam uses in addressing him.
as Piepsam says to the crowd in his last moments: "His justice is not of this world".
The cyclist, by contrast, blond and blue-eyed, is simply unreflective, unproblematic Life, "blithe and carefree".
The monk Savonarola, brought over from the Renaissance and placed against the background of Munich at the turn of the century, protests against the luxurious works displayed in the art-shop of M. Bluthenzweig;
The image of the world tends to reflect the hostility and indifference of man or else to dissolve into empty spaces and overwhelming mystery.
We need a doctrine of imitation to save us from the solipsism and futility of pure formalism.
But Aristotle kept the principle of levels and even augmented it by describing in the Poetics what kinds of character and action must be imitated if the play is to be a vehicle of serious and important human truths.
By "image" is meant not only a visual presentation, but also remembered sensations of any of the five senses plus the feelings which are immediately conjoined therewith.
A truly vivid imagination moves beyond the conventional recollection to a sense of immediacy.
The most primitive feelings are rudimentary value feelings, both positive and negative: a desire to appropriate this or that part of the environment into oneself;
Whitehead is here questioning David Hume's understanding of the nature of experience;
I leave it to the statisticians to say what they were, but I noticed several a few years ago, during an automobile ride from Memphis to Hattiesburg.
The line is a pretty good one.
it can be changed;
Calhoun dealt with this question in his "Disquisition On Government".
One can meet with aloofness almost anywhere: the THIDIU viewpoint, It Doesn't Affect Us!
I must confess that I prefer the Liberal who is personally affected, who is willing to send his own children to a mixed school as proof of his faith.
There is a legend (Hawthorne records it in his "English Notebooks".
Lincoln was historian and economist enough to know that a substantial portion of this wealth had accumulated in the hands of the descendants of New Englanders engaged in the slave trade.
It is the abstractionism, the unrealism, of the pure idealist.
The New England conscience became desensitized.
Was it supposed, perchance, that A & M (vocational training, that is) was quite sufficient for the immigrant class which flooded that part of the New England world in the post-Civil War period, the immigrants having been brought in from Southern Europe, to work in the mills, to make up for the labor shortage caused by migration to the West?
Among the recipients of the Nobel Prize for Literature more than half are practically unknown to readers of English.
Being somewhat delicate in health, at the age of sixteen he was sent to Southern Europe, for which he at once developed a passion, so that he spent nearly all of the following ten years abroad, at first in Italy, then in Greece, Egypt, Asia Minor, and Palestine.
The first result of Heidenstam's long sojourn abroad was a volume of poems, Pilgrimage And Wander-Years (Vallfart och Vandringsar), published in 1888.
Of the longer pieces of the volume none is so memorable as "Nameless And Immortal", which at once took rank among the finest poems ever written in the Swedish language.
That little spark is all the wealth I know, That little spark is my life's misery".
From this time on Heidenstam proceeded to find his deeper self.
About one-third as long, it is less intimate and detailed, but better coordinated, more concise and more dramatic.
His peculiar gift, as had been suggested before, is his intensity.
The first half of The Charles Men, ending on the climax of the battle of Poltava in 1709, is more dramatically coherent than the second.
He had become king at fifteen.
Admirably written, it is a perfect introduction to Swedish history for readers of other countries.
On the one hand, he does not work for a large agency, but is almost always self-employed.
It is this curious blend of rugged individualism and public service which accounts for the great appeal of the mythological detective.
The rise of the giant corporations in Western Europe and the United States dates from the period 1880-1900.
The basic premise of all mystery stories is that the distinction between good and bad coincides with the distinction between legal and illegal.
Holmes is addicted to the use of cocaine and other refreshing stimulants;
The curious relationship between Holmes and Scotland Yard provides an important clue to the deeper significance of his eccentric behavior.
They are presumed to have plunged to a common grave in this fatal embrace.
In the American "hardboiled" detective story of the'20s and'30s, the spirit of the mad genius from Baker Street lives on.
His tough honesty condemns him to a solitary and difficult existence.
Because the private eye intends to save society in spite of himself, he invariably finds himself in trouble with the police.
What was only a vague suspicion in the case of Sherlock Holmes now appears as a direct accusation: the private eye is in danger of turning into his opposite.
The first of two possible variations on this theme is symbolized by Mickey Spillane's Mike Hammer.
If the man on the sidewalk is surprised at this question, it has served as an exclamation.
As shown in Figure 1, there is a connection for communication between every pair of points.
We consider a rural community as an assemblage of inhabited dwellings whose configuration is determined by the location and size of the arable land sites necessary for family subsistence.
Location theorists have given these matters much consideration.
The monitoring is the highest and most restrictive of any organization in existence.
This monitoring is necessary because, on a parade ground, everyone can hear too much, and without monitoring a confused social event would develop.
(C) Decisions of a general kind are made by the central command.
Not discussed here are some military problems of modern times such as undersea warfare, where the surveillance, sending, transmitting, and receiving are all so inadequate that networks and decision making are not the bottlenecks.
or persons in the social sciences in the field of anthropology, studying the lung capacity of seven Andean Indians.
He says: "beside the Protestant philosophy of Progress, as expressed in radical or conservative millenarianism, should be placed the doctrine of the democratic faith which affirmed it to be the duty of the destiny of the United States to assist in the creation of a better world by keeping lighted the beacon of democracy".
And the common man was developing mythic power, or charisma, on his own.
Yet, after Rousseau had given the social contract a new twist with his notion of the General Will, the same philosophy, it may be said, became the idea source of the French Revolution also.
Then suddenly we found ourselves in the middle of another fight, an irrational, an indecent, an undeclared and immoral war with our strongest (and some had thought noblest) ally.
And I select this sentence as its pertinent summation: "in essence the drama of his (Eisenhower's) Presidency can be described as the ordeal of a nation turned conservative and struggling -- thus far with but limited and precarious success -- to give effective voice and force to that conservatism".
Though, to be sure, we gave Kennedy no very positive approval in the margin of his preferment.
Adlai Stevenson expressed some reservations about this return.
And let me add Murray's new book as another symptom of it, particularly so in view of the attention Time magazine gave it when it came out recently.
But there's a subjective side to that utopian outlook.
Hence the prime issue, as I see it, is whether a democratic or free society can master technology for the benefit of mankind, or whether technology will rule and develop its own society compatible with its own needs as a force of nature.
But we cannot start off with a clean slate.
.
The biggest loss, of course, was the individual's lessened desire and ability to give his services to the growth of his company and our economy.
But while the corporation has all the disadvantages of the socialist form of organization (so cumbersome it cannot constructively do much of anything not compatible with its need to perpetuate itself and maintain its status quo), unluckily it does not have the desirable aspect of socialism, the motivation to operate for the benefit of society as a whole.
Such genuine human leadership the proprietorship can offer, corporations cannot.
Hence government must establish greater controls upon corporations so that their activities promote what is deemed essential to the national interest.
One kind of proprietorship
Perhaps a list of some of the "practices" of my company will help here.
Then, not many years later, the Un-American Activities Committee, under the leadership of Martin Dies, pilloried hundreds of decent, patriotic citizens.
they are priceless even though they cannot be recorded on a ledger page;
An inmate, a former university professor, expounded to us, logically and clearly, that someone was pilfering his thoughts.
Can they stand rigid scrutiny?
Harris J. Griston, in Shaking The Dust From Shakespeare (216), writes: "There is not a word spoken by Shylock which one would expect from a real Jew".
but a Jewish heart.
Would we gain by keeping alive his memory and besmirching today's Roman Catholics by saying he had a Catholic heart?
Is there some magic in it that assures results?
For answers to such questions we must turn to the anthropologists, the biologists, the historians, the psychologists, and the sociologists.
That is questionable, to say the least.
Our presidential campaigns provide much debate and argument.
In truth, we can say that this broke the power of Senator Joseph McCarthy, who was finally exposed in full light to the American people.
they provide stimulations that lead to further production.
For the President had dealt with the matter humbly, in what he conceived as the democratic way.
Yet the attitude that the fate of the Presidency demands in such a situation is quite distinct from the simple courage that can proceed with battles to be fought, regardless of the consequences.
Nothing testifies more clearly to that cleavage than the peculiar editorial page appearing in a July issue of Life Magazine, the issue which also carried the second announcement of the candidacy.
Yet with a mind less shallow, if less sharp, than some of the fortune-happy syndicates which back him, he feels what he cannot formulate;
We knew that it was, as reassurance, the ironic fruit of a deeply moral nature.
Despite three warnings, no sense of moral urgency impelled him to distinguish his situation, and thus his responsibilities, from Wilson's.
Lincoln's slow progress towards the several marking his achievement is even now unrecognizable as such, and loosely interpreted as the alternation of inconsistency with vision.
These ways are absolutely irreconcilable because they offer two different recipes for man's redemption from chaos.
The first involves a simple shift of interests in the society.
For paradigmatic history "breaks" rather than unfolds precisely when the movement is from order to disorder, and not from one order to a new order.
The content of that psychological status determines, ultimately, the content of civilization.
This happens at the moment man loses the perception of moral substance in himself, of a nature that, in Maritain's words, is perceived as a "locus of intelligible necessities".
In the case of social decay, form is displaced simply by the process of dissolution with no form at the terminus of the process.
Unanalyzed responses
These responses are explicable in terms of characteristics inherent in the crisis.
The most reaction can achieve is stasis, and a stasis that can be maintained only by the expenditure of an effort which ultimately exhausts itself.
In its defensive formulations, the theory will attack conscious change on the grounds of the independent existence of the community.
All of which brings up another problem in the use of psychoanalytic insight in a literary work.
Whatever the psychological truth in the Oedipus myth, an Oedipus who is drawn to his fate by irresistible external forces can carry the symbol of humanity and its archaic crime, and the incest that is unknowing renews the mystery of the eternal dream of childhood and absorbs us in the secret.
"The Rocking Horse Winner" is a fantasy with extraordinary power to disturb the reader -- but we do not know why.
How does the rocking exert its uncanny effect upon the reader?
This love belongs to childhood;
The young writer seems intimidated by psychological knowledge;
There is probably some significance in the fact that two of the best incest stories I have encountered in recent years are burlesques of the incest myth.
And when he retold the legend of Gregorius he interpolated a modern version in which the medieval players speak contemporary thoughts in archaic language;
Grigorss goes off to do penance on a rock for seventeen years.
His "monumental" abstraction, made up of smooth, metallic "non-objects" acting upon each other with great tension, won Helion much acclaim during the'thirties.
Abstract art was still the right path for him;
During the 1920's the Abstractionists, the German Bauhaus group of industrial designers, and the new architects all had the dream of some well ordered utopia, or welfare state, in which their neat and logical constructions might find their proper place.
After a year in a studio on Sheridan Square, having married an American girl who was a native of Virginia, Helion moved to a village in the Blue Ridge mountains, where he produced some of the most imposing of his abstract canvases.
He had taken out first papers for American citizenship;
"It was then I knew that they were making war against Man, the individual within!
As Helion wrote afterward: "
Shedding his prison cloak, Helion shot through the gates, now clad in civilian garments and with the passport of a Flemish worker.
After that, he declared, "to return to freedom was to fall to one's knees before the real world and adore it".
and the author, who seemed the embodiment of France's rising spirit of resistance to her conquerors, was much complimented for his daring military action.
If he is a traditionalist, he is an eclectic traditionalist.
That is not to deny that he has been aware of traditions, of course, that he is steeped in them, in fact, or that he has dealt with them, in his books.
It is more difficult with Faulkner than with most authors to say what is the extent and what is the source of his knowledge.
A useful comment on his relation to his region may be made, I think, by noting briefly how in handling Southern materials and Southern problems he has deviated from the pattern set by other Southern authors while remaining faithful to the essential character of the region.
It may be that in this comment he has broken from the conventional pattern more violently than in any other regard, for the treatment in his books is far removed from even the genial irony of Ellen Glasgow, who was the only important novelist before him to challenge the conventional picture of planter society.
Johnson Jones Hooper, whose character Simon Suggs bears a close kinship to Flem Snopes in both his willingness to take cruel advantage of all and sundry and the sharpness with which he habitually carried out his will;
and he wrote also the masterpiece of frontier humor, "The Big Bear Of Arkansas", in which earthy realism is placed alongside the exaggeration of the backwoods tall-tale and the awe with which man contemplates the grandeur and the mysteries of nature.
All we want from Dr. Huxley's statement is the feeling that this is an open world, in the view of the best scientific opinion, with practically no directional commitments as to what may happen next, and no important confinements with respect to what may be possible.
For what do the utopians labor?
Mr. Lyford gives voice to a temper that represents, we think, an achieved plateau of reflective thinking.
One thing you can say about Mr. Lyford is that he does not suffer from any insecurity as an American.
What is more, the legends have become so sacrosanct that the very habit of self-examination or self-criticism smells of low treason, and men who practice it are defeatists and unpatriotic scoundrels.
It does not appear that we will be delivered from our situation by articles on The National Purpose.
On occasion it produces extraordinary novelties.
Copernicus did not question it, Ptolemy could not.
As early as the 6th century B.C. the earth was seen to be spherical.
There were no reasons for such suppositions then.
Perfect, complete entities, if they move at all, do not move towards what they lack.
The stars constitute an order of existence different from what we encounter on earth.
Indeed, in the Halma edition of Theon's presentation of The Hypotheses there is a chart setting out (under six distinct headings) otherwise unrelated diagrams for describing the planetary motions.
It is engendered by confounding the Aristotelian cosmology in The Almagest with the geocentric astronomy.
Another contrast stressed when discussing Ptolemaic vs. Copernican astronomy, turns on the idea of simplicity.
But no single planetary problem ever required of Ptolemy more than six epicycles at one time.
But'simplicity'here refers to systematic simplicity.
Solving astronomical problems requires, for Copernicus, not a random search of unrelated tables, but a regular employment of the rules defining the entire discipline.
No.
He did not think himself to be firing the first shot of an intellectual revolution.
One who invites such trials of character is either foolhardy, overconfident or too simple and childlike in faith in mankind to see the danger.
Another source of intellectual stimulus was opened to her at that time by the founding of Johns Hopkins University within walking distance of home.
Both these youths, who greatly admired Henrietta, were somewhat younger than she, as were also the neighboring Friedenwald boys, who were then studying medicine;
and in her forthright way, Henrietta, who in her story of Sara had indicated her own unwillingness "to think of men as the privileged" and "women as submissive and yielding", felt obliged to defend vigorously any statement of hers to which Morris Jastrow took the slightest exception -- he objected to her stand on the Corbin affair, as well as on the radical reforms of Dr. Wise of Hebrew Union College -- until once, in sheer desperation, he wrote that he had given up hope they would ever agree on anything.
Neither was Henrietta hoydenish like Jo, who frankly wished she were a boy and had deliberately shortened her name, which, like Henrietta's, was the feminine form of a boy's name.
Sadie studied piano;
And just as "Laurie" Lawrence was first attracted to bright Jo March, who found him immature by her high standards, and then had to content himself with her younger sister Amy, so Joe Jastrow, who had also been writing Henrietta before he came to Johns Hopkins, had to content himself with her younger sister, pretty Rachel.
Reporters began to trail Miriam everywhere, and to encourage her to make appalling statements about Wright and his doings.
Miriam Noel disregarded the free advice of her departing counselor, and appointed a heavy-faced young man named Harold Jackson to take his place.
Miriam was stopped at the Taliesin gate, and William Weston, now the estate foreman, came out to parley.
'I think you had better leave'!
Under this kind of pressure, it is not surprising that Wright would make sweeping statements to the newspapers.
"Cut off every building at the seventh floor.
Later accounts blamed defective wiring for starting the fire;
Years were to pass before these plans came off the paper, and Wright was justified in thinking, as the projects failed, that much of what he had to show his country and the world would never be seen except by visitors to Taliesin.
The Bank of Wisconsin sent a representative to the judge's chambers in Madison to give information on Wright's ability to meet the terms.
His mentioning of Japan and Holland had been merely the expression of wishful thinking.
But he was no man in the moon to me.
one can take it as no more than another veil torn from the mystery of the soul.
if one bullies, they say it is because one is afraid;
If you had screamed right there in the street where we stood, I could not have felt more fear.
It is not my intention in this narrative to picture myself as a helpless victim moored to the rock of experience and left to the buffetings of chance.
But when these expectations are once too often ground into the dust, innocence can falter, since its strength is according to the strength of him who possesses it.
You, I could swear to it, remained innocent in this sense until the end.
In due time Sandburg was a walking thesaurus of American folk music.
First, Carl respects his audience and prepares his speeches carefully.
"His fingers labor heavily on the strings and he asked for my help in disciplining them.
He is proud of having Segovia for a friend and dedicated a poem to him titled "The Guitar".
Well you can pose inside.
When fame came it changed Sandburg only slightly.
another is a bubble of a bauble".
She has rarely been photographed with him and, except for Carl's seventy-fifth anniversary celebration in Chicago in 1953, she has not attended the dozens of banquets, functions, public appearances, and dinners honoring him -- all of this upon her insistence.
Her mother called her Paus'l, a Luxemburg endearment meaning "pussycat".
By the time Lilian had been graduated from public school, her parents were doing quite well.
If there was ever a thought in her mind she might devote her life to religion, it was now dispelled.
Victor Berger, the panjandrum of Wisconsin Socialism and member of Congress, had asked Paula Steichen to translate some of his German editorials into English.
The United States is always ready to participate with the Soviet Union in serious discussion of these or any other subjects that may lead to peace with justice.
This is a problem to be solved not by America alone, but also by every nation cherishing the same ideals and in position to provide help.
the readiness to sacrifice for worthwhile causes;
Further, we must induce all industrialized nations of the Free World to work together to help lift the scourge of poverty from less fortunate.
I shall continue to urge the American people, in the interests of their own security, prosperity and peace, to make sure that their own part of this great project be amply and cheerfully supported.
Otherwise, the outlook could be dark indeed.
In fourteen recent test launchings, at ranges of five thousand miles, Atlas has been striking on an average within two miles of the target.
The deployment of a portion of these forces beyond our shores, on land and sea, is persuasive demonstration of our determination to stand shoulder-to-shoulder with our allies for collective security.
Fourth, in the meantime, it is necessary to remember that we have only begun to probe the environment immediately surrounding the earth.
We must be ever alert that freedom does not wither through the careless amassing of restrictive controls or the lack of courage to deal boldly with the issues of the day.
The group, upon the issuance of its first press release on December 21, 1957, designated itself a "Committee of Investigation".
There, Begley lit a fire in a wire basket, and Bang-Jensen dropped four sealed envelopes into the flames.
The contents of this 195-page document would become known to many before it would become known to the man it was written about.
"You know", the lawyer said, "it's difficult to talk like this about a man who can't answer back".
"We have nothing to hide under a bushel.
"What I'd like you to comment on is the criticism leveled at your Committee".
But you know Bang-Jensen launched an active campaign against us in the press.
As far as I'm concerned, it was a separate matter from the general Committee study of Bang-Jensen's conduct.
"It was foolish of him to keep them, whatever they were.
"Mr. Gross, concerning the formation of your Committee, there's the fact that you have been a legal adviser to the U.N. in the past;
Even after the incident between Bang-Jensen and Shann in the Delegates'Lounge and this was not the way the Chicago Tribune presented it".
How it's phrased there -- the word violent.
"Shann was responsible for the report.
Chapter 22
There, Ernest Gross further assured him:
In spite of Pickering Dodge's explicit instructions regarding variation of meals, the food did not seem the same as at home.
By now she was sure she was going to have a baby, deciding it would be born in India or Burma that November.
Captain Heard did not communicate with any strange vessels because of the possibility of war between the United States and Britain.
While studying at the seminary in Andover, Adoniram had been working on a New Testament translation from the original Greek.
By this time she had learned that it was futile to argue with her young husband, yet the uncomfortable fact remained: the American Congregationalists were sending them as missionaries to the Far East and paying their salaries.
and yet remain unmoved".
all day long the Caravan slowly made her way through the difficult passages.
They are very small, and in the form of haystacks, without either chimney or windows.
The Indians who came aboard ship to collect the mail also interested her greatly, even if she was suitably shocked, according to the customs of the society in which she had been reared, to find them "naked, except a piece of cotton cloth wrapped around their middle".
Six
The Burmese appeared to have little knowledge of British power or any idea of trade.
he is answered by a confused, honest Englishman.
A month later, in The Publick Spirit Of The Whigs, he used Steele's defense of Molesworth as evidence of his disrespect for the clergy, calling Steele's position an affront to the "whole Convocation of Ireland".
Hanoverian agents assisted in promoting circulation, said to have reached 40,000, and if one may judge by the reaction of Swift and other government writers, the work must have had considerable impact.
Steele apparently professed his sentiments in this book too openly and honestly for his own good, since the government was soon to use it as evidence against him in his trial before the House.
Defoe then commented, "If they Could Draw that young Gentleman into Their Measures They would show themselves quickly, for they are not asham'd to Say They want only a head to Make a beginning".
The final section of this pamphlet is of special interest in a consideration of Steele's relations with Swift.
If "Jack the Courtier" is really to be taken as Swift, the following remark is obviously Steele's comment on Swift's change of parties and its effect on their friendship: "I assure you, dear Jack, when I first found out such an Allay in you, as makes you of so malleable a Constitution, that you may be worked into any Form an Artificer pleases, I foresaw I should not enjoy your Favour much longer".
By now he was undergoing a fresh torrent of abuse from Tory papers and pamphlets, and action was being taken to effect his punishment by expulsion from Parliament.
Early in 1941 they were assigned to a script titled Hot Nocturne.
But one afternoon Mrs. Mercer met her;
If his scholarship and formal musicianship were not all they might have been, Mercer demonstrated at an early age that he was gifted with a remarkable ear for rhythm and dialect.
He has also an extraordinary conscience.
He had talked one other member of the group to stay with him, but that friend had tired of not eating regularly and returned to Savannah.
he just happened not to need any actor at the moment, however.
After leaving Whiteman, Mercer joined the Benny Goodman band as a vocalist.
Though versatile and capable of turning out a ballad lyric with the best of them, Mercer's forte is a highly polished quasi-folk wit.
"Some guys bothered me", Mercer has said.
This grew into the song "Big Time Comin'".
It so happened that sports writer Arthur Robinson got out of the hospital that morning after promising his doctor that he be back in an hour or two to continue his convalescence.
Without any regard for rest-room protocol, the hulking stranger almost knocked Herford off his pins.
United States Senator Royal S. Copeland was wearing the robes of Santa Claus and a great white beard;
Indeed, he looked more like a well-fleshed lay brother of the Hospice of St. Bernard.
Runyon, for his part, had a contemptuous regard for Mr. Watson.
Some of the Hetman's "ideas" were dream-ridden, vaguely imparted, and at times preposterous.
I shall tell of it later on.
This, together with a derby hat and horn-rim eyeglasses, gave me the appearance of a Russian nihilist.
I managed to do this by the time the great A.B. returned to the place where he last had seen the fierce nihilist.
Alone, rejected on every hand, divorced, and in financial trouble, he leaped from an eleventh-floor window of the Abbey Hotel in 1937.
I would like to believe that my ability warranted this advancement.
I used to go with Watson to call on the eminent neurologist at his apartment, to sit among the doctor's excellent collection of statues, paintings, and books and drink Oriental coffee while Watson seemed to thaw out and become almost affable.
He would bring her boxes of candy and other presents to coax a smile to her lips.
Among the dolls was one that meant very much to the First Lady, who would pick it up and look at it often.
One White House dog was immortalized in a painting.
I still have the dress, and I hope to give it to the Smithsonian Institution as a memento, or, as I more fondly hope, to present it to a museum containing articles showing the daily lives of the Presidents -- if I can get it organized.
then he would bark to let everyone know the coast was clear.
Finally, Mama did mention to Mrs. Coolidge that she felt sorry for the little dogs, and then Mrs. Coolidge decided to leave the radio on for them while she was gone, even though her husband disapproved of the waste of electricity.
The word was that this too was part of an economy move on his part.
He had been a friend of the Hardings, and continued to be invited by the Coolidges.
One person she helped was my brother.
She opened the boxes with a tear in her eye and a sad smile on her face.
Mama swirled the train in place, and not a step was lost.
Diversity of perception, yes;
predispositions regarding intelligence.
After allowing for group exposures, it is apparent that other factors must be considered if we are to comprehend fanaticism.
In this domain the simple fact of coexistence in the same local, national, and world community is enough to guarantee that we cannot refrain from having some effect, large or small, upon Gentile-Jewish relations.
The discussion is therefore limited to a suggested procedure for realizing at least some of the potential importance of this volume for future policy.
The decision maker who acts for the community as a whole must decide whether the objectives pursued and the methods used are appropriate to public policy regarding cultural groups.
In conformance with the maximization principle we affirm that Gentile-Jewish relations will be harmonious or inharmonious to the degree that one relation or the other is expected by the active participants to yield the greatest net advantage, taking all value outcomes and effects into consideration.
Among measures in anticipation of crisis are plans to inject into the turmoil as assistants of key decision makers qualified persons who are cognizant of the corrosive effect of crisis upon personal relationships and are also able to raise calm and realistic voices when overburdened leaders near the limit of self-control.
Properly used, the present book is an excellent instrument of enlightenment.
The symposium provides an opportunity to confront the self with specific statements which were made at particular times by identifiable communicators who were addressing definite audiences -- and throughout several hundred pages everyone is talking about the same key symbol of identification.
In the range and variety of characters who, in their literary lives, get along all right with life styles one never imagined possible, there is an implicit lesson in differentiation.
I do not know that this is true;
This, no doubt, is part of what Gilbert Seldes implies when he says of the arts, "They give form and meaning to life which might otherwise seem shapeless and without sense".
The idea here is one of discharge but this must stand in opposition to a second view, Plato's notion of the arousal of emotion.
But there is one in particular which, it seems to me, deserves special attention.
Perhaps it is only an analogy, but one of the most obvious differences between cheap fiction and fiction of an enduring quality is the development of a theme or story with leisure and anticipation.
Its truth is illustrated by the skill, sensitivity, and general expertise of the English professor with whom one attends the theatre.
In fact, I can only say this seems to me to follow from a wide, continuous, and properly guided exposure to literary art.
Of course, it goes without saying that no student of ideas can justifiably ignore the contemporary scene.
But, in general, we may argue that the student can direct the primary emphasis of his attention toward one or the other.
An idea, of the sort that we have in mind, although of necessity readily available to imagination, is more general in connotation than most poetic or literary images, especially those appearing in lyric poems that seek to capture a moment of personal experience.
Accordingly we may speak of the Platonism peculiar to Shelley's poems or the type of Stoicism present in Henley's "Invictus", and we may find that describing such Platonism or such Stoicism and contrasting each with other expressions of the same attitude or mode of thought is a difficult and challenging enterprise.
"History has this in common with every other science: that the historian is not allowed to claim any single piece of knowledge, except where he can justify his claim by exhibiting to himself in the first place, and secondly to any one else who is both able and willing to follow his demonstration, the grounds upon which it is based.
The actual moments of contact are vitally important.
Again the student of evolutionary biology will find a fascinating, if to our minds grotesque, anticipation of the theory of chance variations and the natural elimination of the unfit in Lucretius, who in turn seems to have borrowed the concept from the philosopher Empedocles.
Hearst disclaimed blame for this, but the conversation, according to Lane, ended on a tart note.
They had watered their stock at immense profit, then had raised the price of coal fifty cents a ton, netting themselves another $20,000,000 in annual profit.
They were repelled by his noisy newspapers, his personal publicity, his presumptuous campaign for the Presidential nomination, and by the swelling cloud of rumor about his moral lapses.
To old-line Democrats, the Hearst Presidential boom, now in full cry, was the joke of the new century.
He ordered his editors to tone down on sensationalism and to refrain from using such words as "seduction", "rape", "abortion", "criminal assault" and "born out of wedlock".
They had lost twice with the radical Bryan, and were having no part of Hearst, whom they considered more radical than Bryan.
"I understand [Hearst] is a candidate for Presidential honors", Devery said without cracking a smile.
The talk of a Hearst "barrel" was increasing.
"Don't bother.
I intend to support the nominee of the party at St. Louis, whoever he may be".
Military knowledge, love of detail, and a sure feeling for the portrayal of action were the added ingredients.
Published in 1923, it did not gain the popular acclaim of the Garibaldi volumes, probably because Trevelyan felt less at home with Manin, the bourgeois lawyer, than with Garibaldi, the filibuster.
Associated in a sense with the Manchester School through his mother's family, Trevelyan conveys in this biography something of its moral conviction and drive.
The Liberal-Radical heritage which informs all of Trevelyan's interpretations of history here seems clearly to have distorted the issues and oversimplified the period.
Yet after 1832, the interrelations of economic and social and political affairs become blurred and the narrative becomes largely a conventional political account.
The History takes too much for granted to serve as a text for other than English schoolboys, and like Britain in the nineteenth century it deteriorates badly as it goes beyond 1870.
Four years after the publication of The History Of England, the first volume of Trevelyan's Queen Anne trilogy appeared.
In four opening chapters reminiscent of Macaulay's famous third chapter, Trevelyan surveys the state of England at the opening of the eighteenth century.
I stood on a table, surrounded by hundreds of expectant young faces.
The real Franco-German frontier was beyond the town's limits.
I ask you all to support me in this.
I took one step eastward.
The waspish man stepped forward.
And as you know, I have no permission to re-enter France once out.
"Ah, then please tell me where the frontier is because this gentleman here" -- I indicated the French occupation officer -- "informs me that Germany is just on the other side of him".
Asked a young mustached Frenchman.
A little later, the sports shop man returned with a small pup tent.
Each evening the students appeared with the soup kettle and several petits pains, Esther usually being among them.
The special guard, however, was still posted on Kehl bridge.
I heard nothing more.
Without preliminaries, Esther asked him, "If you are a world citizen, will you take Garry Davis'place in his tent while he goes to the hospital"?
"I am so happy.
Eight hundred and sixty-five Rebels surrendered within their works and a thousand more were captured or surrendered themselves that night and the next day.
While the final combat of the campaign was being worked out at Jonesborough, Thomas, on Sherman's instructions, ordered Slocum, now commanding the Twentieth Corps, to make an effort to occupy Atlanta if he could do so without exposing his bridgehead to a counterattack.
The next day Sherman issued his orders ending the campaign and pulled his armies back to Atlanta.
Proposals were in the air for a year's armistice.
Next best to destroying an army is to deprive it of its freedom of action.
Rifle fire often kept the opposing gunners from manning their pieces.
The fossilized, formalized, precedent-based thinking of the legendary military brain was not evident in Sherman's armies.
Already debilitated by the Chattanooga starvation, the quality of Sherman's horseflesh ran downhill as the campaign progressed.
His conception proved workable but slower and it enabled his enemy to make clean, deft, well organized retreats with small materiel losses.
To relieve the itch and sweat galls, the men got into the water whenever they could and since each sizable stream was generally the dividing line between the armies the pickets declared a private truce while the men went swimming.
He never let me know that my visit was about to terminate until the actual morning I was to leave for Lymington.
At no time does he seem to have proposed marriage, and Mrs. King was evidently torn between a concern for her daughter's emotions and the desire to believe that the friendship might be continued without harm to her reputation.
Ever yours sincerely,
I never had the courage to look at them, when my projected volume became hopeless, fearing they were poor, until now when I was obliged to do so.
I ask you to do me the last favour of reading them by 8 to-morrow evening, about which time I shall come to say my sad good-bye.
Some of the poems express a mood of joy in a newly discovered love;
The poems which were addressed to her, while they are far more restrained than those of "Love In Dian's Lap", show no great technical advance over those of the "Narrow Vessel" group and are, if anything, somewhat more labored.
As a reviewer, Thompson generally displayed a judicious attitude.
Of course, there were books about which nothing good could be said.
To consolidate what her Navy had won, the Czarina was fortunate that, for the first time in Russian history, her land forces enjoyed absolute unity of command under her favorite Giaour.
The Marshal came to know Littlepage quite well.
and the artillerist, Colonel Prevost, whom the Count De Segur had persuaded to lend his technical skills to Nassau.
In the great one's personal quarters, a portable house, almost every evening saw an elegant banquet or reception.
One evening he passed around the banquet table a crystal cup full of diamonds, requesting every female guest to select one as a souvenir.
Alexander Vasilievitch Suvorov, now in his fifty-ninth year (ten years Potemkin's senior), was a thin, worn-faced person of less than medium height who looked like a professor of botany.
Mission?
He hadn't worn a watch or carried pocket money for years because he disliked both, but highest among his hates were looking glasses: he had snatched one from an officer's grasp and smashed it to smithereens.
For those little men with the short whiskers, shaven polls, and top knots Suvorov reserved a special esteem.
It was probably at this period that Littlepage got his first good look at the ordinary Russian soldier.
The doctor gravely nodded approval.
Several years of her life have been spent in the homeland, and she had written to friends to alert them of our coming.
Having completed our camera work, we started our climb.
It is awe-inspiring.
The architectural feature, the caryatides upholding the portico, famous around the world as the Porch of the Maidens, was referred to airily by Mando as the Girls'Place.
The evening of our first day we drove with Christopher and Judy Sakellariadis, who were friends and patients of Norton, to dine at a restaurant on the shores of the Aegean.
It was very stimulating.
We went there a couple of times to swim and enjoyed ourselves thoroughly.
I suppose the day will inevitably come when the area will be encrusted with developments, but at present it is deserted and seductive.
This restaurant, too, had a cat, a dusty, thin little creature.
They would be lolling under a tree sipping Ouzo, relishing the leisurely life, assuring him that the day was yet young.
Over the months he became a political gadfly with an incessant barrage of satirical poems ridiculing Woodruff, the "Casca" letters belittling Woodruff, and long analytical articles vilifying Woodruff.
He said Pike had stolen mules from Harris during the Santa Fe expedition;
If Robinson was a liar and a slanderer, he was also a very canny gentleman, for nothing that Pike could do would pry so much as a single word out of him.
Besides being political allies, they were also friends.
We hope that he will execute it in a manner that will entitle him to credit".
As a proud man, his prestige would suffer if he let Pike dictate to him through the governor's office, but to lower his prices would be tantamount to an admission that they had been too high in the first place.
as Pike proved himself adept in the political arena, he also became a social lion in the village of Little Rock, where he served as a symbol of the culture that the ladies of the town were striving so eagerly to cultivate.
He again began to play the violin, and tucking the instrument beneath his chin, performed soulful and romantic airs to match the expressions on the faces of the lovely women who gathered to hear him.
His contemporaries in Massachusetts called him an arch-heretic, a beast, a miscreant, a proud and pestilent seducer, a prodigious minter of exorbitant novelties.
He fought like a fiend for the helpless and oppressed, worked for the abolition of slavery, helped the Quakers and Indians, and worked against the prosecution of witches.
She was Ellen Aldridge, a widow of good repute who was employed by Gorton's wife and lived with the family.
William Coddington, who was running the colony, felt constrained to move seven miles south where, with others -- as mentioned above -- he founded Newport.
He held that no group of colonists could set up or maintain a government without royal sanction.
Upon intelligence that the formidable agitator was to favor them with his presence, the benighted inhabitants of Pawtuxet, alas, gave their allegiance to Massachusetts and asked that colony to expel the newcomers.
However, the General Court at Boston ordered the purchasers of Shawomet to appear before them to answer the sachems'claim.
Governor Winthrop wrote: "
Here was Gorton's chance to indulge in something at which he was supreme.
3.
"I've been cooped up so long", he added.
The hemorrhage was in the prostate region;
And then it took considerably longer to make preparations for giving transfusions.
It's too late now.
Funeral services were held Thursday afternoon at four o'clock at the home.
So what Fred and Ralph did was to attempt to prorate the money fairly by taking into account what each of the five had received, if anything, from the estate before Papa's death.
But he had succeeded well, we agreed.
In the spring of his second year at Harvard, Tom had been offered a job at Northwestern University as an instructor in the English Department.
I believe there are seventeen short plays by Tom now housed in the Houghton Library at Harvard;
In this play there were so many characters and so much detail.
That summer Tom attended the summer session at Harvard, but he did not ask Mama to send him back in the fall.
Tom said he almost burst into tears, he was so disappointed and put out.
There are millions who accept this doctrine, but few indeed are those who accept it so truly that the fate of humanity lies as a weight on their souls night and day.
Meanwhile I myself was not yet saved.
I did not feel it presumptuous to expect that the Creator would be at least as just as the most righteous of His creatures;
In my experience the assurance of forgiveness comes only when I have confessed to the wronged one and have made as full reparation as I can devise.
They are not true because scientists or prophets say they are true.
Each will decide on his own course somewhere between these two extreme cases according to the sense of responsibility which is determined for him by the particular circumstances of his own life.
My own experience has followed simpler lines.
There is indeed a moral responsibility on man himself, for his own soul's sake, to respect lower life and to avoid the infliction of suffering, but this viewpoint Schweitzer rejects.
As to our action, let us align ourselves with the purpose expressed by Jesus in the Lord's Prayer: "Thy kingdom come, Thy will be done, on earth as it is in heaven".
Said he, "It teaches me to wonder".
As our radius of penetration, R, increases, the area of new knowledge increases by Af, and the total of human knowledge becomes measured in terms of Af.
Such a list must naturally be selective, and the treatment of each man is brief, for I am interested only in their general ideas on the moral measure of literature.
Even more important, in his Poetics, Aristotle differs somewhat from Plato when he moves in the direction of treating literature as a unique thing, separate and apart from its causes and its effects.
In Plato's mind there is an irresolvable conflict between the poet and the philosopher, because the poet imitates only particular objects and is incapable of rising to the first level of abstraction, much less the highest level of ideal forms.
Plato's attitude toward poetry has always been something of an enigma, because he is so completely sensitive to its charm.
In the ideal state, for instance, he argues that the young citizens should hear only the most carefully selected tales and stories.
Throughout the rest of the Poetics, Aristotle continues to discuss the characteristics of these six parts and their interrelationship, and he refers frequently to the standards suggested by his definition of tragedy.
In Krutch's view, this is one way to show how literature may be moral in effect without employing the explicit methods of a moralist.
Those who wanted to close the theaters, for example, pointed to Plato's Republic and those who wished to keep them open called on the Plato of the Ion to testify in their behalf.
In the early days of this controversy over the theater one of the interested parties, Stephen Gosson, published a little tract in which he objected mildly to the abuses of art, rather than the art itself.
hence changes in attitudes and values can be analyzed for identical individuals at two points in time.
Students'choices of ideal educational goals are not arbitrary or whimsical.
Within the fixed frame of these aspirations, they can afford to place a high value on the expressive and people-oriented aspects of occupation and to minimize the instrumental-reward values of power, prestige, and wealth.
The old ideal of the independent entrepreneur is extant -- but so is the recognition that the main chance may be in a corporate bureaucracy.
When their faith in civil liberties is tested against strong pressures of social expediency in specific issues, e.g., suppression of "dangerous ideas", many waver and give in.
For instance, college-educated people consistently show up in study after study as more often than others supporters of the Bill of Rights and other democratic rights and liberties.
Few students are really so faceless in the not-so-lonely crowd of the swelling population in our institutions of higher learning.
It exists alongside the acceptance of traditional forms of organized religion (church, ordained personnel, ritual, dogma).
Although he questions the extent and nature of the alleged revival of religion and the alleged increase in conformity, and thinks that "hedonistic" present-time orientation does not have the meaning usually attributed to it, he does conclude that Americans increasingly enjoy leisure without guilt, do not stress achievement so much as formerly, are more accepting of group harmony as a goal, more tolerant of diversity and aware of other cultures.
Nathanael Greene told Washington that "Lafayette was charmed with the spirited behavior of the militia and riflemen".
But the Maryland militia had likewise fled, all too typical of this type of soldier during the Revolution, an experience which gave Morgan little confidence in militia in general, as he watched other instances of their breaking in hot engagements.
Richard Peters, Secretary of the Board of War, thought Morgan was so extreme on the subject that he accused him of trying to pick a quarrel.
In his dealings with offenders, however, Morgan was typically firm but just.
In his absence, the rifle regiment was under the command of Major Thomas Posey, another able Virginian.
His soldiers on the whole did not celebrate so mildly.
Meantime, however, this same General Smallwood seemed to be serving chivalry as well as the American army.
It was not merely a hunger for "money, gold and precious objects" that delayed the papal pronouncement that could have brought the war to an end;
But when the situation was so complicated that even Nogaret, one of the principal actors in the drama, could misinterpret the pope's motives, it is possible that Othon and his companions, equally baffled, attributed their difficulties to a more immediate cause.
when the pope, trying no doubt to appeal to his better nature, said to him, "You have already taken Normandy.
A second truce had been arbitrated in April, 1298, by Jean D'Arlay, lord of Chalon-sur-Saone, the most staunch of Edward's Burgundian allies, and these last were represented in the discussions at the Curia by Gautier de Montfaucon, Othon's neighbor and a member of the Vaudois coalition.
In all the talk of feudal rights, the knights and bishops must never forget the woolworkers, nor was it easy to do so, for all along the road to Italy they passed the Florentine pack trains going home with their loads of raw wool from England and rough Flemish cloth, the former to be spun and woven by the Arte Della Lana and the latter to be refined and dyed by the Arte Della Calimala with the pigment recently discovered in Asia Minor by one of their members, Bernardo Rucellai, the secret of which they jealously kept for themselves.
In spite of his being well liked there were a few people who were very careful about Alfred.
It was in the spring of the year when he took to his bed and Tessie and Alfred found out that they didn't know each other.
I remember him pointing out of the window and saying that he wished he could live to see another spring but that he wouldn't.
The doctor wanted him in a hospital;
I could hear Alfred's voice a few words behind Meltzer's like a counterpoint, punctuated by sobs of sorrow and resignation.
Harry ran to the side of the car where Alfred was sitting and looked at him, begging him to speak.
I don't think he ever got to drink any of it.
Banks the Butcher took Meltzer the Scholar as an apprentice and he made it very clear that a man of learning must be able to do more than just quote the Commentaries of the Talmud in order to live.
And Lilly's whole family seemed to be an apology for Mr. Banks.
And Lilly allowed me to help so that she could have her few little hours of escape.
And she had the kind of crossed eyes that shocked.
The song, he said, was called "The Stream's Lullaby", and when he sang, "Gute ruh, Gute ruh, Mach't die augen zu," there was such longing and such simple sadness that it frightened me.
The value of place-names in the reconstruction of early English history had long been recognized.
Even before the century was out the tide of reaction had set in.
Although one meets with occasional extremists like Zachrisson or, very recently, Arthur Wade-Evans the majority of scholars have taken a middle position between the extremes of scepticism and gullibility.
At this point, of course, the issue has become complicated by a development unforeseen by Lappenberg and Kemble.
In the main stream of historical thinking is a group of scholars, H.M. Chadwick, R.H. Hodgkin, Sir Frank Stenton et al. who are in varying degrees sceptical of the native traditions of the conquest but who defend the catastrophic type of invasion suggested by them.
The few scholars who have adopted the "shore occupied by" interpretation, Howorth, Shore, and Wade-Evans, have all been Celtic survivalists.
Where there were none fifteen years ago, several scholars currently are edging their way cautiously towards the acceptance of the "shore occupied by" position.
The problem, in other words, is strictly a chronological one.
from the General's idea a chain reaction occurred.
it was Baker who thought of lessening the shock, which conscription always brings to a country, by substituting "Greetings from your neighbors" for the recruiting sergeant, and registration in familiar voting places rather than at military installations.
The day passed without incident in spite of the warning of Senator James A. Reed of Missouri: "Baker, you will have the streets of our American cities running with blood on registration day".
It was a gargantuan task;
The malady was popularly known as the "Spanish flu" from the alleged locale of its origin.
Fosdick, a brother of minister Harry Emerson Fosdick, was a graduate of Princeton, and a member of Phi Beta Kappa and the American Philosophical Association.
They were aware that soldiers went to town, in more ways than one, because of the monotony of camp life, to find the only release available in the absence of movies, reading rooms, and playing fields with adequate athletic equipment.
This was the negative side of the situation.
We no longer use the particular terms of Lessing and Victor Hugo.
The hounds of hell search out their quarry in Apollo's sanctuary as they do in the tent of Richard 3.
The modes of the imagination implicit in Athenian tragedy continued to shape the life of the mind until the age of Descartes and Newton.
In tragedy, lightning is a messenger.
The wheel of social life spun around the royal or aristocratic centre.
Greek and Elizabethan life and, to a certain extent, the life of Versailles shared this character of intense "publicity".
It served also as a literary form exactly appropriate to the fragmented audience of modern urban culture.
I mean such concepts as the presence of the supernatural in human affairs, the sacraments of grace and divine retribution, the idea of preordainment (the oracle over Oedipus, the prophecy of the witches to Macbeth, or God's covenant with His people in Athalie).
They are Descartes, Newton, and Voltaire.
The wedding of the Hellenic to the northern genius was one of the dominant motifs in Goethe's thought.
There can be no greater magic than to wrest from death her in whom the flesh was all, in whom beauty was entirely pure because it was entirely corruptible.
His daughter Elinor married Quiney's son Adrian in 1613, and his son Henry married Mary Lane of Stratford in 1609.
"If you can firmly make the good knight sure to pleasure our Corporation", Sturley wrote, "besides that ordinary allowance for your diet you shall have 20 for recompence".
He suggested offering half to Sir Edward, fearing lest "he shall thinke it to good for us and procure it for himselfe, as he served us the last time".
A letter signed "Isabell Bardall" entreated "Good Cozen" Quiney to find her stepson Adrian, son of George Bardell, a place in London with some handicraftsman.
Stratford's petition to the queen declared that two great fires had burnt two hundred houses in the town, with household goods, to the value of twelve thousand pounds.
Since more is known about Quiney than about any other acquaintance of Shakespeare in Stratford, his career may be followed to its sudden end in 1602.
After Quiney was elected bailiff in September, 1601, without Greville's approval, Greene wrote him that Coke had promised to be of counsel for Stratford and had advised "that the office of bayly may be exercised as it is taken upon you, (Sr. Edwardes his consent not beinge hadd to the swearinge of you)".
They react in obedience to an instinct or urge which has itself been impelled by natural law.
However, as a practicing historian, he, himself, has left few clues to the amount of professional scholarship that he used when writing history.
If he found data that fitted his general plan, he used it and counted his sources trustworthy.
Ranke and his disciples had reduced history to a profession of dullness;
On matters of race he was similarly inflexible: "Most of the modern Latin races seem to have inherited the rigidity of the Roman mind".
In summary, Brooks Adams felt that the nature of history was order and that the order so discovered was as much subject to historical laws as the forces of nature.
He did not deny God;
It was this fear which explained the development of a priestly caste whose function in society was to mollify and appease the angry deities.
it was also sacred, "and no believer in an inspired church could tolerate having her canons examined as we should examine human laws".
He had unearthed Stephens's letters in a New Jersey farmhouse and he discovered Stephens's unmarked grave in an old cemetery on the east side of New York, where the great traveller had been hastily buried during a cholera epidemic.
I had had my name taken out of the telephone book, and this was partly because of a convict who had been discharged from Sing Sing and who called me night after night.
and they agreed to see that the tragic pair would not put poison in anybody else's soup.
He felt as I felt about this best of all my books, that it was "really tops".
I saw Sedgwick often before his death at ninety-five, -- he had remarried at the age of ninety, -- and he asked me, when once I returned from Rome, if I knew the Cavallinis in the church of St. Cecilia in Trastevere.
"Did you ever know a man with greater zest for information?
While S.K. did not like Dylan Thomas, I liked his poems very much, but I made the mistake of telling Dylan Thomas so, whereupon he said to me, "I suppose you think you know all about me".
And that was the end.
On January 4, with the boys back at school and college, Mrs. Lewis wrote Harcourt to say that she was "through, quite through".
on January 8, 1927, he returned to the Grosvenor in high spirits, and looking fit.
When Breasted insisted that this was impossible for him, Lewis decided to go abroad.
Nevertheless, Mrs. Lewis was still solicitous of his condition: let him do as he wished, let him sleep with chambermaids if he must, but, she begged Blackman, try to keep him from drinking a great deal and bring him back in good health.
To the newspapers he talked about his unquiet life, about his wish to be a newspaperman once more, about the prevalence of American slang in British speech, about the loquacity of the English and the impossibility of finding quiet in a railway carriage, about his plans to wander for two years "unless stopped and made to write another book".
He is said to have reported that once, when she went to a hospital to call on a friend after a serious operation, and the friend protested that it had been "nothing", she replied, "Well, it was your healthy American peasant blood that pulled you through".
Lewis looked at him and began to cry, and then, saying that he was going to make a promise, he asked Blackman to call the porter and to tell him to take out all the liquor that he did not want.
Then he kept Blackman awake for more than an hour while he did an imaginary dialogue between his wife and himself in which, discussing the evening, he was continually berated.
The third name was (John) Ravencroft, who was admitted to the Inner Temple in November 1631.
The process usually began with a tutor boasting about a boy, as Chappell had boasted about Lightfoot, to the higher officers of the college and university.
Milton was required to absorb and display an intensive and accurate knowledge of Latin grammar, logic-rhetoric, ethics, physics or natural philosophy, metaphysics, and Latin, Greek, and Hebrew.
And his performances attracted much attention, as the frequency of his surviving pieces in any calendar that may be set up for his undergraduate activities testifies.
The Gog Magog Hills to the southeast afforded him and all other students a vantage point from which to view the town and university of their dwelling.
but anyone who would put much trust in any phase of Prolusion 6, except its illusive allusiveness deserves whatever fate may be meted out to him by virtue of the egregiously stilted banter.
It may be thought unfortunate that he was called on entirely by accident to perform, if again we may trust the opening of the oratio, for it marks the beginning for us of his use of his peculiar form of witty word play that even in this Latin banter has in it the unmistakable element of viciousness and an almost sadistic delight in verbally tormenting an adversary.
The fact that he nowhere mentioned theatrical performances as part of the activities of the boys later in his hypothetical academy (1644) should not be taken too seriously as evidence that he desired them to eschew such performances.
With destructive tensions and pressures removed men have the vigor and energy to construct a new human life -- rebuilding entire cities, expanding facilities for entertainment, providing unlimited opportunities for education -- indeed, for the first time giving everyone the chance to employ his talents to the fullest.
Frederick Pohl's "The Midas Touch" (1954) predicts an economy of abundance which, in order to remain prosperous, must set its robots to consuming surplus production;
In addition, there are many areas of the human situation besides the impact of science and technology which are examined, for science-fiction dystopias often extrapolate political, social, economic tendencies only indirectly related to science and technology.
While The Space Merchants indicates, as Kingsley Amis has correctly observed, some of the "impending consequences of the growth of industrial and commercial power" and satirizes "existing habits in the advertising profession", its warning and analysis penetrate much deeper.
And the second requirement for convincing people without their knowledge is artistic talent to prepare the words and pictures which persuade by using the principles which the scientists have discovered.
And this means, I suppose, that almost invariably age reveals itself by easily recognizable signs engraved on both the body and the mind.
The pessimism of the young is defiant, anxious to confess or even exaggerate its ostensible gloom, and so exuberant as to reveal the fact that it regards its ability to face up to the awful truth as more than enough to compensate for the awfulness of that truth.
Serenity, if one is fortunate enough to achieve it, is not so good as joy, but it is something.
For my part I find it difficult to conceive such a state of affairs.
At about the age of twelve I became a Spencerian liberal, and I have always considered myself a liberal of some kind even though the definition has changed repeatedly since Spencer became a reactionary.
Once many years ago I sat at dinner next to Arthur Train, and the subject of The Nation came up.
I would, however, like to suggest that, wrong though I may be, the tendency to see dilemmas rather than solutions is one of which I have been a victim ever since I can remember, and therefore not merely a senile phenomenon.
there is no trick involved.
Life, they say, should be regarded as sacred and, therefore, as something that neither an individual nor his society has a right to take away.
The manuscript, presumably after being smuggled out of the country, was published in Switzerland in 1943.
Even so apparently impartial a critic as W. H. Frohock has taken for granted that the book was originally intended as a piece of Loyalist propaganda;
The Walnut Trees Of Altenburg includes not one war but two, and throws in a Turkish revolution along with some guerrilla fighting in the desert for good measure.
Much more important is to grasp the feelings of the narrator (whose full name is never given) as he becomes aware of the disorganized and bewildered mass of French prisoners clustered together in a temporary prison camp in and around the cathedral of Chartres.
And by a skillful and unobtrusive use of imagery (the enclosure is called a "Roman-camp stockade", the hastily erected lean-to is a "Babylonian hovel", the men begin to look like "Peruvian mummies" and to acquire "Gothic faces"), Malraux projects a fresco of human endurance -- which is also the endurance of the human -- stretching backward into the dark abyss of time.
The entire middle section of The Walnut Trees is taken up with the life of Vincent Berger himself, whose fragmentary notes on his "encounters with mankind" are now conveyed by his son.
"Oh, for the green of Europe!
One such event is the landing in Europe itself, when the mingled familiarity and strangeness of the Occident, after the blank immensities of Asia, shocks the returning traveller into a realization of the infinite possibilities of human life.
At the end of World War 2, free Europe was ready for a new beginning.
In 1947 and 1948 the necessity of massive coordinated efforts to achieve economic recovery led to the formation of the Organization for European Economic Cooperation to supervise and coordinate the uses of American aid under the Marshall Plan.
The "overseas" democracies have generally encouraged the European unification movement without seriously considering the wisdom of their own full participation in a broader Atlantic community.
As Lester Pearson wrote in 1955:
Indeed it might be a more appropriate vehicle than NATO for the development of a parliamentary organ of the Atlantic nations, because it could encompass all of the members of the Atlantic community including those, like Sweden and Switzerland, who are unwilling to be associated with an essentially military alliance like Aj.
History has demonstrated many times that concerts of nations based solely on the negative spur of common danger are unlikely to survive when the external danger ceases to be dramatically urgent.
The failures of the U.N. and of other international organs suggest that we have already gone beyond what was internationally feasible.
the history of both the League of Nations and the United Nations demonstrates that.
)
However, his subject matter and basic themes have remained surprisingly consistent, and these, together with certain key poetic images, may be traced through all his work, including the new jazz experiments.
The Dark Kingdom sends Angels of Death and other fateful messengers down to us with stern tenderness.
so during the period approximately from 1941 to 1946, Patchen often used private detective stories as a myth reference, and the "private eye" as a myth hero.
he has become Friday on Dragnet, a mouthpiece of arbitrary police authority.
Rexroth uses many of his early poems when he reads to jazz, including many of his Chinese and Japanese translations;
the accent is on improvisation rather than arrangements.
Henry Miller characterized Patchen as a "man of anger and light".
Although it does not follow the metrical rules for a blues to be sung, the phrases themselves carry a blues feeling.
Patchen is repeatedly preoccupied with death.
in a certain sense, one manner of experience will be typical of any given group while another will not.
They did not worry about "experience", because experience thrust itself upon them.
we were also literary;
This is not to deny the existence of pogroms and ghettos, but only to assert that these horrors have had an effect on the nerves of people who did not experience them, that among the various side effects is the local hysteria of Jewish writers and intellectuals who cry out from confusion, which they call oppression and pain.
His "articulate Jewish friends" convinced him that education (read "reading") was "a must".
their example caused Krim and his friends to put on "Englishy airs, affect all sorts of impressive scholarship and social-register unnaturalness in order to slip through their narrow transoms and get into their pages".
When Partisan and Kenyon set up shop, Mencken was still accepted as an arbiter of taste (remember Hergesheimer?
That these magazines also deluded the Krims of the world is unfortunate but inevitable.
Only" a New York hick would expect to find the literary life in Greenwich Village, at any point, later than Walt Whitman's day.
Ideas are the thruway to nowhere.
There were other Italians who still bore scars they had earned in police station basements, resisting.
He was thinking his way into a new novel, a big one, one that people had been waiting for.
So did his friend, the young novelist Rimanelli.
We had walked it many times and shivered, figuring what a fish barrel it had been for the French.
The sculptor looked at him, bugeyed and amazed, angry.
"Excuse me", the European said.
There were a few reasons for that, too: Garibaldi had been taken up and exploited by the Communists nowadays.
Some of the marble busts in the park are of young Englishmen who fought and died for Garibaldi.
And there is something so wonderfully romantic about it all.
That is how the real routine of resistance goes on, and its strength is directly proportionate to the number of insignificant people who can let themselves be taken to pieces, piece by piece, without quitting.
The trouble is that like many symbols it doesn't seem a very realistic one.
I hate embarrassing silences and have been known to make a fool out of myself just to prevent one.
Maybe I could call Rimanelli at the magazine Rottosei where he worked.
The Small Business Administration (SBA) provides guidance and advice on sources of technical information relating to small business management and research and development of products.
Product research and development
Production assistance
Each SBA regional office also maintains a "want" list of surplus property, principally machinery and equipment, desired by small business concerns in its area.
For further information, contact Small Business Administration Regional Offices in Atlanta, Ga.;
New York, N.Y.;
U.S. Government Purchasing, Specifications, And Sales Directory, 60 cents, are available from the Superintendent of Documents, U.S. Government Printing Office, Washington 25, D.C.
Types of loans
The record of past earnings and prospects for the future must indicate it has the ability to repay the loan out of current and anticipated income.
Cleveland, Ohio;
San Francisco, Calif.;
This system provides long- and short-term credit to farmers and their cooperative marketing, purchasing, and business service organizations.
Interest rates are determined by the board of directors of the bank with the approval of the Farm Credit Administration.
The Government will contract with an eligible applicant to pay up to one-half of the cost of approved exploration work as it progresses.
In most of the less developed countries, however, such programing is at best inadequate and at worst nonexistent.
Second, we can make assistance for particular projects conditional on the consistency of such projects with the program.
To insist on a level of performance in programing and budgeting completely beyond the capabilities of the recipient country would result in the frustration of the basic objective of our development assistance to encourage more rapid growth.
There are many others.
Once we have made clear that we are genuinely concerned with a country's development potential, we can be blunt in suggesting the technical conditions that must be met for development to occur.
(C) tapping the energies of the entire population.
U.S. position on self-help
Development requires a long-term approach
Gradually others will move up to the same level
2.
Without such forward planning, investment funds are wasted because manufacturing facilities are completed before there is power to operate them or before there is transport to service them;
Providing an incentive
And he said, "The same fellow who has been running it, Sam Rayburn".
It is notably significant that so many Members from both sides of the aisle express their respect and admiration for our beloved Speaker, the Honorable Sam Rayburn.
In conclusion, he wished me well -- and as kindly and humbly as this humane gentleman could express himself, he asked to be remembered to my wife and children.
In this hour of crisis, the wisdom, the dedication, the stabilizing force that he represents in current American government is an almost indispensable source of strength.
For what Sam Rayburn's life in this House teaches us is that loyalty and character are not divisive and there is no such thing as being for your country and neglecting your district.
It is, I insist, hard to define the Rayburn contribution to our political civilization because it is so massive and so widespread and so complicated, and because it goes so deep.
I pay my personal tribute to Sam Rayburn, stalwart Texan and great American, not only because today he establishes a record of having served as Speaker of the House of Representatives more than twice as long as Henry Clay, but because of the contributions he has made to the welfare of the people of the Nation during his almost half century of service as a Member of Congress.
Sam Rayburn is one of the greatest American public figures in the history of our country and I consider that I have been singly honored in the privilege of knowing Sam Rayburn and sharing with him the rights and obligations of a Member of the House of Representatives in the Congress of the United States.
The practice of state-owned vehicles for use of employees on business dates back over forty years.
The meaningful policies governing the purchase, assignment, use and management of state vehicles have been shaped by the state's administrative officers.
(5)
States which provide automobiles for employees assign them variously to the agency, the individual, or to a central pool.
The average of states'rates is $.076 per mile.
With few exceptions travelers on state business are allowed actual travel expenses and $15 per day subsistence.
At that time highway engineers traveled rough and dirty roads to accomplish their duties.
The fact is simply that state-owned vehicles have remained in practically the same proportion as employees to use them.
The motor pool then, as now, had headquarter facilities in Providence and other garages located throughout the state.
The objective behind this action was to place in one agency the responsibility for the management, assignment, and replacement of all vehicles.
From this, motor pool personnel develop other meaningful and related data.
Requests are made by the motor pool along with any necessary cooperation from the agencies to which assignments of cars will be made.
The legislature's role in policy determination in this area for years has been confined almost solely to the amount of funds appropriated annually for the purchase and operation of vehicles.
Consequently there have developed several forms of grants-in-aid and shared taxes, as well as the unrestricted grant to local governments for general purposes whose adoption accompanied the introduction of a sales tax at the state level.
It also provides for the taxation of all personal property, belonging to inhabitants of the state, both tangible and intangible, and the tangible personal property of non-residents in this state.
This situation resulted in both towns claiming the tax, and probably justifiably.
A single statewide assessing unit would eliminate the differences and complications that are inherent in a system of 39 different and independent assessing units".
One assessor checked boats only, another trailers and tractors, one mentioned house trailers, and two others referred to trailers without specifying the type.
Seven others expressed no opinion.
Boats as personal property
However, few are taxed, and the owners and location of most boats are unknown to the assessors on the date of assessment of town valuations.
Of the major expansions in 1960, three were financed under the R. I. Industrial Building Authority's 100% guaranteed mortgage plan: Collyer Wire, Leesona Corporation, and American Tube & Controls.
During the past year, 10,517 government bid invitations were received and 4,427 procurement leads were mailed to Rhode Island manufacturers.
Advertising program
164 from media and 75 from direct mail.
Industrial conferences
In connection with this conference, a 64-page supplement was published in the October 2nd edition of The Providence Sunday Journal.
The activities of the Planning Division are defined in considerable detail in the enabling act of the Development Council, which assigns to the agency both broad responsibilities and specific duties in the field of planning.
To this end, the community assistance program of the planning division will continue to be operated as a staff function to make available, on a shared cost basis, technical planning assistance to those communities in the state unable to maintain their own planning staff.
(7)
Basic mapping
Analysis
Fiscal years in other states
4.
The remaining twelve states have varying fiscal years for the state, city and local governments.
3.
The uniform fiscal year facilitates inter-town comparison of revenues and expenditures.
Any approach toward such a system looks toward saving and security.
One problem is a matter of shifting dates;
Sacrifice will have to be made in some cases, but it is to the municipality's advantage to finance the change-over for a short period of time rather than pay interest on tax anticipation notes indefinitely.
Twelve cities and towns in Rhode Island presently indicate some plans to establish a uniform and/or coordinated fiscal tax year calendar.
Adjustment of fiscal year.
The adjustment to a uniform and coordinated fiscal period could be accomplished relatively easily for them.
Assuming an adjustment to the July 1 to June 30 fiscal year, the required adjustment of the tax collection years and the towns involved are shown in Table 3.
These factors practically insure that no single financing formula is feasible;
The Independence Day celebration will be properly observed with a big military and civic parade from West Warwick to the Greene Homestead in Anthony;
Armed Forces Day is the annual report on this investment, a public presentation designed to give our own people, and the people of other lands who stand with us for peace with freedom and justice, the best possible opportunity to see and understand what we have and why we have it.
The day is now appropriately set aside to honor the American men and women who have contributed to the success of our merchant marine fleet in peace and war.
Many hours are given free by the Jaycees to make this and all local pageants outstanding events.
It is extremely important for each American to realize that the theme "The United Nations Is Your Business" applies to him personally.
The most famous ballet of that time was called Ballet Comique De La Reine (1581).
The Pilgrims gathered to thank the Lord for His benevolence during their first year in the new land.
It is at this time that we should imitate the Pilgrims by accompanying our prayers of thanks with the conviction that we shall continue to be in dire need for the Lord's protection in the future, if we are to have peace;
In order to accomplish the purposes of this Act, the Secretary of the Interior shall -- (A)
Sec. 3.
establish and operate necessary facilities and test sites at which to carry on the continuous research, testing, development, and programing necessary to effectuate the purposes of this Act;
coordinate, correlate, and publish information with a view to advancing the development of low-cost saline water conversion projects;
Sec. 5.
Sec. 8.
Approved September 22, 1961.
the effectiveness of health and safety education and training;
the term "State" includes the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico and any possession of the United States;
Payments shall be made only with respect to the metal content as determined by assay.
In the same period, 431 presentations by members of the staff were made to local, national, and international medical groups.
4.
and hip dysplasia in dogs.
The Medical Illustration Service is responsible for the collection, publication, exhibition, and file of medical illustration material of medico-military importance to the Armed Forces.
Demonstrations of new and projected training aids were conducted at the Medical Service Instructor's Conference, Brooke Army Medical Center, Texas.
Nine veterinary lantern slide teaching sets were developed and distributed, and lantern slide teaching sets on 21 pathology subjects were added to the loan library of the Medical Illustration Service.
The staff utilized the collected material in these registries for numerous lectures to national and international meetings, exhibits, and published studies.
The Medical Museum
Specimens were mounted for military installations, governmental agencies, and medical schools.
In addition, their establishment made it unnecessary to begin publication of a contemplated Air Force medical bulletin.
The February 1960 issue marked the reinstitution of the section entitled, "The Medical Officer Writes".
The development and testing of new apparatus to measure other properties is nearing completion.
The fast-opening of the shutter consists of a piece of aluminum foil (approximately Af) placed directly in front of the camera lens so that no light may pass into the camera.
Very small concentrations of these hydrides should be detectable;
Success in observing these spectral lines has so far, apparently, been confined to the laboratory;
This result is preliminary, and work is continuing.
The gradient was about one half of a millidegree at 4.2 Af but increased to several millidegrees for bath temperatures slightly greater than the **yl point.
A small pressure unbalance displaces the diaphragm and changes the capacitance between the diaphragm and an electrically insulated plate spaced 0.001 in. apart (for Af).
In March, 1961, representatives of the national laboratories of Australia, Canada, The Netherlands, United Kingdom, U.S.S.R., United States, and West Germany, met at the NBS to devise means for reaching international agreement on a temperature scale between 10 and 90 Af.
Atomic physics
This apparatus will also be used to measure transition probabilities of a large number of other elements.
(F)
(H)
The Commission shall, as soon as possible, and in the order of the making of such awards, certify to the Secretary of the Treasury and to the Secretary of State copies of the awards made in favor of the Government of the United States or of nationals of the United States under this Title.
There shall be deducted from the amount of each payment made pursuant to subsection (C) of Section 8, as reimbursement for the expenses incurred by the United States, an amount equal to 5 per centum of such payment.
if a receiver or trustee for any such partnership or corporation, duly appointed by a court of competent jurisdiction in the United States, makes an assignment of the claim, or any part thereof, with respect to which an award is made, or makes an assignment of such award, or any part thereof, payment shall be made to the assignee, as his interest may appear;
(A)
(C)
after payment has been made of the principal amounts of all such awards, to make pro rata payments on account of accrued interest on such awards as bear interest.
And the solutions to the problems of the commuter lines have been equally varied, ranging all the way from Government ownership to complete discontinuance of this important service.
The New York Central notes: "
"
For the past 40 years Congress has advocated a carefully planned, balanced and competitive railway system.
Mr. Oakes succeeds Charles Merz, editor since 1938, who now becomes editor emeritus.
In fact, one of the major reasons for the failure of the ill-starred expedition appears to have been a lack of full information on the extent to which Cuba has been getting this Russian military equipment.
What the next move will be only time, of course, will tell.
Blockade is one answer offered by experts.
It would be the most severe reprisal, short of declared war, that the United States could invoke against Castro.
A squadron of Navy jets and another of long-range patrol planes would add support to the carrier task forces.
It could, by avoiding direct intervention, provide a short-of-war strategy to meet short-of-war infiltration.
Despite the successful rehabilitation of over a half million disabled persons in the first eleven years after 1943, the existing program was still seen to be inadequate to cope with the nation's backlog of an estimated two million disabled.
The first part of the new structure -- that for supporting the basic program of vocational rehabilitation services -- is described in this Section.
Method of computing allotments.
) 3.
In all other States it is the difference obtained by subtracting from 100 the result obtained in item 4 above;
(Multiply result obtained in item 7 above, by result obtained in item 6 above.
) 12.
For the States which maintain two separate agencies -- one for the vocational rehabilitation of the blind, and one for the rehabilitation of persons other than the blind -- the Act specifies that their minimum (base) allotment shall be divided between the two agencies in the same proportion as it was divided in fiscal year 1954.
The pre-1960 rate of Federal participation with respect to any State's base allotment, as well as the adjusted rate in effect during the 1960 - 1962 period, is designated by the statute as that State's "adjusted Federal Share".
) 2.
Determine the particular State's "Federal Share".
Mortar is poured between this bracing and the 4-inch blocks on edge to complete the wall thickness for radiation shielding.
The structure is complete.
Other sources of information include the National Concrete Masonry Association, 38 South Dearborn Street, Chicago, Ill., the Portland Cement Association, 33 West Grand Avenue, Chicago, Ill., and the Structural Clay Products Association, Washington, D.C.
The roof shown here (fig. 9) is a 6-inch slab of reinforced concrete, covered with at least 20 inches of pit-run gravel.
Materials for this shelter would cost about $700.
The illustration (fig. 11) shows this shelter with the roof at ground level and mounded over.
3.
A blower may be installed to increase comfort.
With a spare battery, a source of light for 2 weeks or more would be assured.
3.
Your local civil defense will gather its own information and will receive broad information from State and Federal sources.
Part of the family should be sleeping while the rest is awake.
Food, medical supplies, utensils, and equipment, if not already stored in the shelter, must be quickly gathered up and carried into it.
Body heat in the close quarters will help keep up the temperature.
The best protection would be on the ground floor in the central part of the house.
The Federal Government is aiding local governments in several places to survey residential, commercial and industrial buildings to determine what fallout protection they would provide, and for how many people.
The inference is overwhelming that Du Pont's commanding position was promoted by its stock interest and was not gained solely on competitive merit".
This section shall not apply to corporations purchasing such stock solely for investment and not using the same by voting or otherwise to bring about, or in attempting to bring about, the substantial lessening of competition.
that General Motors'share of the market for these products was substantial;
International Salt Co. v. United States, 332 U. S. 392, 400-401".
Counsel for Du Pont indicated a preference for the submission of detailed plans by both sides at an early date.
Du Pont, Christiana, and Delaware were to be prohibited to have any director or officer in common with General Motors, and vice versa;
Christiana and Delaware would, in turn, be required to pass on the voting rights to the General Motors shares allocable to them to their own stockholders.
These plans, like Du Pont's, contained provisions for passing the vote on Du Pont's General Motors shares on to the ultimate stockholders of Du Pont, Christiana, and Delaware, except that officers and directors of the three companies, their spouses, and other people living in their households, as well as other specified persons, were to be totally disenfranchised.
I dissent.
(B)
This is a prosecution for refusal to be inducted into the armed services, in violation of the provisions of the Universal Military Training and Service Act, 62 Stat. 604,622, 50, U.S.C. App. Aj 462 (A).
Petitioner registered with Local Board No. 9, Boulder, Colorado, on March 17, 1952.
Upon administrative approval of the reclassification, he was ordered to report for induction on June 11, 1956, but failed to do so.
In his answer thereto, he advised the Board that he had made no such statement in 1956, and asserted that his only claim to "pioneering" was in 1952.
This he did.
Petitioner also claimed at trial the right to inspect the original Federal Bureau of Investigation reports to the Department of Justice.
It is also significant that neither this report nor the hearing officer's notes were furnished to the appeal board.
He did receive a resume of it -- the same that was furnished the appeal board -- and he made no claim of its inaccuracy.
We in this Department must think about foreign policy in its total context.
Every policy officer cannot help but be a planning officer.
I hope no one expects that only Presidential appointees are looked upon as sources of ideas.
This does not mean in a purely bureaucratic sense but in an active, operational, interested, responsible fashion.
The policy officer lives with his antennae alerted for the questions which fall within his range of responsibility.
He will not be surprised to find that general principles produce conflicting results in the factual situation with which he is confronted.
How and at what stage and in what sequence are other governments to be consulted?
He is interested in public opinion for two reasons: first, because it is important in itself, and, second, because he knows that the American public cares about a decent respect for the opinions of mankind.
I doubt, for example, that, 3 months before the leadership began to talk about what came to be the Marshall plan, any public-opinion expert would have said that the country would have accepted such proposals.
Rather the principle should be akin to that of the allowance.
The idea of a Peace Corps has captured the imagination of a great many people.
The Peace Corps can either begin in very low gear, with only preparatory work undertaken between now and when Congress finally appropriates special funds for it -- or it can be launched now and in earnest by executive action, with sufficient funds and made available from existing Mutual Security appropriations to permit a number of substantial projects to start this summer.
There would, however, be a variety of other skills -- medical, agricultural, engineering -- which would be called for in the first year through the private agency programs and through the provision of technician helpers to existing development projects.
We should hope that peace corps projects will be truly international and that our citizens will find themselves working alongside citizens of the host country and also volunteers from other lands.
Congress should then be asked to give the Peace Corps a firm legislative foundation for the next fiscal year.
But as the popular response suggests, the potentiality of the Peace Corps is very great.
To the Congress of the United States:
The vast task of economic development urgently requires skilled people to do the work of the society -- to help teach in the schools, construct development projects, demonstrate modern methods of sanitation in the villages, and perform a hundred other tasks calling for training and advanced knowledge.
The wildlife habitat management proposals for the 10-year period are: 1.
Protection
Protection from insects and disease
The objective is to achieve sufficient effectiveness of control on all of the area now under treatment plus the additional acres so that after the initial period only maintenance control will be needed.
Expansion, modernization, and development of fire control to a proficiency and strength of force which will prevent as many fires as possible and suppress fires before they spread beyond permitted standards.
These areas comprise about half of the total area of rodent infestation on the National Forests.
It is estimated that about 70,000 miles of forest highways will eventually be needed to fully serve the National Forests.
the balanced use of recreation, hunting, and fishing areas;
The long-range objective of this Department is to provide and maintain a system of forest development roads and trails which will adequately service the National Forest System at the levels needed to meet expected needs and optimum production of products and services.
Provide maintenance to full standards on the 268,900 miles of existing access roads and trails and on the new roads and trails constructed during the period.
Lands in this last category are situated largely in the mountainous portions of the Eastern States.
and an Air Force of 91 combat wings and 825,000 men.
Military personnel costs.
The increase stems largely from the growing complexity of and higher degree of maintenance required for newer weapons and equipment.
Basic long-line communications in Alaska are now provided through Federal facilities operated by the Army, Air Force, and Federal Aviation Agency.
These contrasting trends in procurement reflect the anticipated changes in the composition and missions of our Armed Forces in the years ahead.
For example, the importance of the Regulus 2, a very promising aerodynamic ship-to-surface missile designed to be launched by surfaced submarines, was greatly diminished by the successful acceleration of the much more advanced Polaris ballistic missile launched by submerged submarines.
As a result, the scope of this project has been sharply curtailed.
The first Atlas ICBM's are now operational, the first two Polaris submarines are expected to be operational this calendar year, and the first Titan ICBM's next year.
Funds are also included in this budget to continue the equipping of the B-52 wings with the Hound Dog air-to-surface missile.
Article 2, uses of rupees
2.
In carrying out this Agreement, the two Governments will seek to assure, to the extent practicable, conditions of commerce permitting private traders to function effectively and will use their best endeavors to develop and extend continuous market demand for agricultural commodities.
Dwight D. Eisenhower
It is understood that: (A)
The interest rate will be similar to those prevailing in India on comparable loans and the maturities will be consistent with the purposes of the financing.
C.
(2)
Other factors playing a part in the extent of AM service and interference are the frequency involved, the time of year, the position of the year in the sunspot cycle, ground conductivity along the transmission path, atmospheric and manmade noise, and others.
but during the middle daytime hours these skywave radiations are not reflected in any substantial quantity, and during this portion of the day both skywave service and skywave interference are, in general, negligible.
Class 2, stations operating on clear channels are required to cease operation or operate under nighttime restrictions beginning either at local sunset (for daytime class 2, stations) or sunset at the location of the dominant class 1, station where located west of the class 2, station (for limited-time class 2, stations).
Our objectives, as we have stated many times, are -- (1)
the other objectives were subordinated to it.
As mentioned, the primary allocation objective to be followed in the allocation of stations on clear channels is the provision of widespread service, free from destructive interference.
The history of the proceeding
April 15 is usually the final date for filing income tax returns for most people because they use the calendar year ending on December 31.
Fiscal year taxpayers have until the last day of the first month following the close of the fiscal year (farmers until the 15th day of the 2d month).
The return for a decedent may also serve as a claim for refund of an overpayment of tax.
If you are unable to sign the request, because of illness or other good cause, another person who stands in close personal or business relationship to you may sign the request on your behalf, stating the reason why you are unable to sign.
Interest on unpaid taxes.
If the check is not good and the April 15 or other due date deadline elapses, additions to the tax may be incurred.
If you have neither a legal residence nor a principal place of business in any Internal Revenue district, your return should be filed with the District Director of Internal Revenue, Baltimore 2, Md.
) From this amount deduct the items indicated below.
They also deduct transportation expenses incurred in connection with the performance of services as employees even though they are not away from home.
If you are an income beneficiary of property held in trust or an heir, legatee, or devisee, you may deduct allowable depreciation and depletion, if not deductible by the estate or trust.
(See Chapters 30 through 37.
Example.
If your child works for you, you may deduct reasonable wages you paid to him for services he rendered in your business.
That we had the wit and wisdom to adopt Mr. Lowell's concept and make it the base for our processes of selection is one reason why our selections have been, it may be said truly, pretty uniformly good.
And, besides, there are a large number of scholars, artists, composers of music, novelists, poets, essayists, choreographers, lawyers, servants of government, and men of affairs -- hundreds, indeed -- who serve the Foundation well with the advice they give us freely and gratis out of their experience.
Dr. Ray is a Fellow of the Foundation -- appointed thrice to assist his studies of William Makepeace Thackeray and of H. G. Wells -- and, before his appointment to the Foundation's executive staff, had been given our highest scholarly accolade, appointment to the Advisory Board.
On the contrary, if this be an apocalyptic era as is commonly said, we see it as an era of opportunity.
the present-day explorations of outer space, answering age-old questions of science and philosophy, in the face of possible wars of extinction.
But as all understand who have eyes to see, nothing of the kind has happened;
the greater the range of choice, the greater the rate of change.
Thus, we have no part, and want none, in current discussions of the relative importance of science, the social studies, the humanities, the creative arts.
In 1838, a devastating fire gutted their small shop and soon thereafter David Brown moved west to Illinois, settling on a land grant in his declining years.
By 1853, the new partnership announced the precision vernier caliper as the first fruit of their joint efforts.
Thus was invented the single thread sewing machine, which Mr. Gibbs in partnership with Mr. Willcox decided to bring to Brown & Sharpe with the proposal that the small company undertake its manufacture.
Up until that time it had been possible to make cutters for making gear teeth, but they were good for only one sharpening.
Along with J. R. Brown's other major developments, the universal grinding machine was profoundly influential in setting the course of Brown & Sharpe for many years to come.
In one sense it can be said that one of the most important Brown & Sharpe products over the years has been the men who began work with the company and subsequently came to places of industrial eminence throughout the nation and even abroad.
Recently added is the Brown & Sharpe turret drilling machine which introduces the company to an entirely new field of tool development.
However, the healthy inventory position of the textile industry lends support to the broadly expressed belief that improvement in that industry can be expected by the second half of 1961.
On this basis, our already substantial budget for research and development has been further increased in recent years in order to finance the continuing engineering and design work essential to Leesona's future growth in sales and earnings.
Our new large-package ring twister for glass fiber yarns is performing well in our customers'mills.
it incorporates an automatic knot-tying device on each spindle, and it will knot a break in the yarn in 10 seconds as well as tie in new bobbins as the running end is exhausted.
Our take-up machines and our twister-coners are undergoing important pilot plant testing for application with new high polymer yarns, in several fiber producing plants.
The agreement gives us rights for manufacturing and marketing of such materials in the United States.
Construction is well along, and the plant is scheduled for completion in November of this year.
The operations of its other plant in Rochdale and Leesona's former operations in Manchester were transferred to a recently acquired plant in the adjoining town of Heywood.
In addition to expenditures on the Warwick plant, we have invested approximately $1,961,000 for machinery and equipment at Cranston, and for new machinery, plant and equipment at Leesona-Holt, Limited.
During the pension year ended December 31, 1960, 23 employees retired, making a total of 171 currently retired under the Company's pension plan.
Production must be adjusted accordingly, at minimum cost and quickly.
In addition to the many appearances of these organizations throughout the college year, there are concerts by students of the music department, by members of the music faculty, and by visiting artists.
Music is furnished by the Carleton College Choir.
Occasional meetings are held for the whole membership, usually with a guest speaker, while smaller discussion groups meet more frequently.
Dramatic activity at the College is organized and carried on by The Carleton Players, which is to say by all students who are so inclined to advance these aims.
the Athletic program at Carleton is considered an integral part of the activities of the College and operates under the same budgetary procedure and controls as the academic work.
In addition to these rules, Carleton has added the following: 1.
Membership consists of both beginners and experienced players.
Tennis Club participates in a dual tennis tournament with the University of Minnesota each fall, and also sponsors a two-day state invitational tennis meet at Carleton in May.
the Annual Catalog in March;
The Carletonian, the college newspaper, is edited by students and published by the College under the supervision of the Publications Board.
Manuscript, a quarterly literary magazine, is published by the students of the College.
Week-end activities for the entire campus are planned by the Co-op Board.
Reflecting the largest percentage of high-end sets such as consoles and combinations since 1953, dollar value of home entertainment electronics in 1960 was about $1.9 billion, compared to $1.7 billion in 1959.
The outlook for entertainment electronics in 1961 is certainly far from clear at present, but recent surveys have shown a desire on the part of consumers to step up their buying plans for durable goods.
Research and development expenditures connected with the reconnaissance satellite SAMOS and the future development of ballistic missile defense systems such as Nike-Zeus are expected to increase substantially.
In the industrial field, prospects for higher expenditures on electronic testing and measuring equipment are also quite bright.
Production totalled about 123 million units against 82 million in 1959, and I look for a further gain to 188 million units worth approximately $380 million in 1961.
Mr. Devey first came to Sprague in 1953 as a Product Specialist in the Field Engineering Department, coming from the Office of Naval Research in Washington, D. C., where he was an electronic scientist engaged in undersea warfare studies.
He is a fellow of the American Institute of Electrical Engineers, and a senior member of the Institute of Radio Engineers.
How well do faculty members govern themselves?
by assuring good liaison between the committees and the administration;
Great professors do not automatically reproduce themselves.
The academic dean should take a direct, long-term interest in faculty development.
The president or dean reads some of his publications to form the truest possible evaluation of the quality of his mind.
Each year a few more institutions are deciding such questions as: Shall we require a liberal education built around a humanities core for all undergraduates?
Before deciding where it is going, however, a college or university must know where it is.
Their duties include evaluation of the information collected and preparation of recommendations.
Otherwise it will be headed for bankruptcy, at worst, and at best towards starvation of other less dramatic but socially and culturally indispensable branches of learning.
Since he can neither accept nor reject them all, he must be governed by the time and energy available for his prime professional obligations.
The observed intensity of the radio emission of Venus is much higher than the expected thermal intensity, although the spectrum indicated by measurements at wave lengths near 3 cm and 10 cm is like that of a black body at about 600-degrees.
They deduced from their measurements that the radio emission from the whole disk of the moon varied during a lunation in a roughly sinusoidal fashion;
The observable characteristics of planetary radio radiation are the intensity, the polarization, and the direction of arrival of the waves.
The received radiation is compared with the radiation from a hypothetical black body which subtends the same solid angle as the visible disk of the planet.
Radio observations of the moon have been made over the range of wave lengths from 4.3 mm to 75 cm, and the results are summarized in Table 1.
Such high-resolution observations as these are needed at several wave lengths in order that the radio emission of the moon can be properly interpreted.
In the discussion which follows, the time average of the radio emission will be referred to as the constant component, and the superimposed periodic variation will be called the variable component.
The dependence of the arc voltage upon the mass flow velocity of the transpirating gas was investigated for various arc lengths and currents between 100 Amp and 200 Aj.
Heat of condensation (work function) plus kinetic energy of the electrons impinging on the anode.
however, the anode is still the part receiving the largest heat flux.
Gas injection through a porous anode (transpiration cooling) not only feeds back the energy transferred to the anode by the above mentioned processes, but also modifies the conditions in the arc itself.
The cathode consisted of a 1/4" diameter thoriated tungsten rod attached to a water cooled copper tube.
A shielded thermocouple was used to measure the upstream temperature of the transpiring gas.
Temperatures of the shield and of the surface of the water-cooled anode holder were measured by thermocouples to account for heat received by the coolant but not originating from the anode plug.
Transpiration cooled anode with carbon anode holder
As it turned out, a very hot region occurred on the plug.
The Af values are listed in Table 1 together with the measured surface temperatures and arc voltages.
It was calculated from the temperature gradient Af at Af inch as Af.
After it has reached terminal velocity, the time for the tape to travel a known distance is recorded.
Although the tape was run for over 1 hr., a steady state was not reached, and it was concluded that the reason for this was that the back pressure of the manometer was built up from the material fed from between the blocks and this was available at a very slow rate.
These experiments can be considered exploratory only.
If Af is the change per unit volume in Gibbs function caused by the shear field at constant P and T, and **yr is the density of the fluid, then the total potential energy of the system above the reference height is Af.
This has an interesting analogy with the assumption stated by Philippoff that "the deformational mechanics of elastic solids can be applied to flowing solutions".
If they are not ellipsoids, the conclusions will be a reasonable approximation.
Just as the pressure exerted by surface tension in a spherical drop is Af and the pressure exerted by surface tension on a cylindrical shape is Af, the pressure exerted by any curved surface is Af, where **yg is the interfacial tension and Af and Af are the two radii of curvature.
It is appropriate to call attention to certain thermodynamic properties of an ideal gas that are analogous to rubber-like deformation.
Af is paramagnetic, and electron paramagnetic dipole as well as nuclear dipole effects lead to line broadening.
the magnetic moment of an unpaired electron associated nearby may have a tremendous influence on the magnetic resonance properties of nuclei.
There is ample evidence from many sources that the Af bond in Af is symmetric.
The x-ray data did not permit Douglass to determine uniquely the space group, but a negative test for piezoelectricity led him to assume a center of symmetry.
The gross details of the structure appear reasonable.
Position (2) appears to us to be unlikely in view of the absence of a piezoelectric effect and on general chemical structural grounds.
Plane suggested another preparation of Af which we used here.
Emission spectra indicated Af calcium and all other impurities much lower.
The x-ray data are consistent with particle sizes of 1000 A or greater.
A single value of the thermal relaxation time Af at room temperature was measured by the progressive saturation method.
The temperature was maintained to within about Af for the period of time required to make the measurement (usually about one hour).
Spectra were also obtained from a third sample of Af which had been diluted to three times its original volume with powdered, anhydrous alundum (Af).
Hard-surface cleaning in household application is represented by two classes of alkaline products: (1) the formulations made expressly for machine dishwashers, and (2) the general-purpose cleaners used for walls and woodwork.
In contrast, a metal coupon Af in size would have a magnitude from 100,000 to a million less.
Harris has indicated that two devices, the Launder-Ometer and Terg-O-Tometer are most widely used for rapid detergent testing, and he has listed the commercially available standard soiled fabrics.
Hydroxides, orthophosphates, borates, carbonates, and silicates are important inorganic ingredients of hard-surface cleaners.
Stains, which include the wide variety of nonparticulate materials which give color even when present in very low concentration on the soiled object.
In most cases, these soils are taken up as liquids through capillary action.
(1) Below the critical micelle concentration, monomers and some dimers are present.
Substances other than detergent actives also tend to be strongly sorbed from aqueous media onto surfaces of other contiguous condensed phases.
The influence of mechanical action on the particles of free soil may be compared to that of kinetic energy on a molecular scale.
Despite extensive attempts to obtain highly pure reagents, serious difficulty was experienced in obtaining reproducible rates of reaction.
also it would be expected that Af would compete very effectively with any impurities as a scavenger for Af radicals.
The silver chloride was fused under vacuum in the presence of aluminum chips with the resultant product of Af which was sublimed into a flask on the vacuum line.
The reactants for the gas phase experiments were first frozen out in a side-arm attached to the manifold and then allowed to distil slowly into the manifold of pre-cooled reaction cells before sealing off.
The light was filtered by the soft glass window of the thermostat thus ensuring that only light absorbed by the chlorine and not by the carbon tetrachloride could enter the reaction cell.
-- In studying the liquid phase thermal reaction, some 70 tubes from 12 different manifold fillings were prepared and analyzed.
The liquid phase photochemical reaction.
Exchange was also observed in these cells, which had chlorine present at Af.
The radial velocity varies inversely as the particle size -- a 1000-m-diameter particle near the orbit of Mars would reach the sun in about 60 million years.
There are several possible sources.
There are several sources of evidence on the micrometeorite environment.
These vehicles, with large sensitive areas, have collected data for long enough times to give reliable impact rates for the periods of exposure.
and for the next nine days, the impact rate was less than Af (Nazarova, 1960).
Being based on so few events, these results are of dubious validity.
The threshold mass of about Af corresponds to a 10-M-diameter sphere of density Af.
The radius is calculated from the mass by assuming spheres of density Af except for the smallest particles, which must have a higher mass density to remain in the solar system in the presence of solar-radiation pressure.
for example, Jacchia (1948) derived a scale of 0.15 g for a Af, zero-magnitude meteorite.
The observational data determining the concentration distribution have a range of error which is magnified in the extension into the micrometeorite region.
Biological warfare
This concept has stimulated much basic research concerning the behavior of particulate biological materials, the pathogenesis of respiratory infections, the medical management of such diseases and defense against their occurrence.
The entrance and retention of infectious particles in the alveoli amounts almost to an intratissue inoculation.
An aerosol of such small particles, moreover, diffuses through structures in much the same manner as a gas.
The particles traveled a maximum detected distance of some 450 miles.
There was a slight lapse condition, a moderate fog, and 100 per cent relative humidity.
It is quite likely that an even greater area was covered, particularly downwind.
Agents that are known to cause frequent infections among laboratory workers such as those causing Q fever, tularemia, brucellosis, glanders, coccidioidomycosis, etc., belong in this category.
It is possible that certain mutational forms may be produced such as antibiotic resistant strains.
They argue further (and somewhat contradictorily) that our knowledge and resources in preventive medicine would make it possible to control such an outbreak of disease.
On the other hand, a similar attack might have been made on City B whose population was known to be lousy.
This is an enormous industry that is subject to sabotage.
Materials and methods
Serological technique.
Homozygous and heterozygous Af cells, Af and homozygous and heterozygous Af cells were used to test each sample;
Chromatography.
Each initially contained 1700 ml of buffer;
Five milliamperes/cell were applied for 18 hr, after which the strips were stained with bromphenol blue and densitometry was carried out using a Spinco Analytrol.
Ultracentrifugation was then carried out in a Spinco model L ultracentrifuge at 40,000 rpm for 125 to 150 min, refrigeration being used throughout the run.
Moreover, after concentration using negative pressure dialysis, agglutinin activity could sometimes be detected in the region designated 2a (donors P. J., D. A., and J. F., Fig. 1).
Similarly, both types of antibodies were found in three regions of the chromatographic eluate, having extremely low, low, and high anionic binding capacity, respectively (Fig. 3).
Apart from the honeybee, practically all bees and bumblebees hibernate in a state of torpor.
Each male willow catkin is composed of a large number of small flowers.
Let us not try to key them out at this stage of the game, and let us just call them Bombus.
Then, a group of eggs is deposited in a cavity in the beebread loaf and the egg compartment is closed.
By the middle of the summer, many of the larvae apparently receive such a good diet that it is "optimal", and it is then that young queens begin to appear.
Bumblebees can thus suffer severely from the onslaughts of Psithyrus, the "cuckoo-bumblebee" as it is called in some European countries.
there are other wild bees that command our attention.
But they are still enclosed in their larval cells and remain there throughout the summer, fall, and winter.
It lacks pollen baskets and possesses only a large number of long, branched hairs on its legs, on which the pollen grains will collect.
The name "alkali bee" indicates that one has to look for them in rather inhospitable places.
It is hard to understand how he concluded that most snakes do not grow appreciably after attaining maturity;
When it comes to rate of early growth, the Indian python leads with a figure of about 3 feet 6 inches per year for the first two years, more or less.
data on the boa constrictor about match this.
He concluded that in the southern species, which are rapidly growing types, females mate at the age of two and a half and bear the first young when they are three.
There are three levels on which to treat the subject.
He reasons that as anacondas 30 feet long are often found, some might be 38, and occasional "monstrous freaks" over 50.
Anaconda:
A difference between subspecies might explain the great range in size.
However, many herpetologists remain skeptical and would prefer a tentative maximum of about 30 feet.
final conclusions will have to await the measurements of broods from definite localities.
The pulmonary vein, however, without the limiting supportive tissue septa as in type 1, follows a more direct path to the hilum and does not maintain this close relationship (figs. 8, 22).
In this instance, because of incomplete septation, the secondary lobule does not constitute in itself what appears to be a small individual lung as in type 1.
Some of these were obviously filling from interlobular branches of the bronchial arteries while others were filling from direct hilar branches following along the pleural surface.
One bronchial arteriolar-pulmonary arteriolar anastomosis was noted at the terminal bronchiolar level (fig. 26).
Within certain wide limits anatomy dictates function and, if one is permitted to speculate, potential pathology should be included in this statement as well.
Although Miller noted in 1907 that a difference in the pleural blood supply existed between animals, nowhere in his published works is it found that he did a comparative study of the intrapulmonary features of various mammalian lungs other than in the dog and cat (Miller,'13;
Nakamura ('58), Verloop ('48), Marchand, Gilroy and Watson ('50), Von Hayek ('53), and Tobin ('52) have all claimed their normal but relatively nonfunctional existence in the human being.
Verloop ('48;
This is especially so if the dog, cat or monkey are to be used, in view of their marked anatomical differences from man.
imperfectly developed in type 3.
In type 3, this general relationship is maintained peripherally but not centrally where the pulmonary vein follows a more independent path to the hilum as is the case throughout the lung in type 2.
When a dot appears close to the end of the transverse line, the "moderate" rating may be further classified according to the position of the dot with respect to the vertical marking denoting the mean age.
The lower portion permits comparison of maturity levels of short and round bones predominantly, since only two long bones are included in Hand and Wrist as a region.
As stated earlier in the paper, Onsets and Completions -- particularly the former -- provide a different tool or indicator of expectancy in osseous development, each within a limited age period.
The direction in which the arrow points shows how the maturity level of the growth center was changed at Completion from the level at Onset.
The Skeletal Age curve in the lower portion of Figure 2 shows that slowing may have occurred for her during the prepubescent period.
The 34 arrows, denoting onset age plus completion age deviations, have been arrayed in an Onset sequence which begins with girl 18 who had the earliest Onset of the 34 girls.
A similar analysis of Figure 6 for the 34 boys would necessitate quite a different conclusion about the predictive value of onset age in forecasting their attainment of the pubescent stage.
The precise mechanism for organification of iodine in the thyroid is not as yet completely understood.
It is not clear whether this system bears any resemblance to the in vivo iodinating mechanism, and a system generating peroxide has not been identified in thyroid tissue.
Little is known of the synthetic mechanisms for formation of thyroglobulin.
Alpers, Robbins and Rall, 1955).
It has been suggested that the plasma thyroxine-binding proteins, which have an extremely high affinity for thyroxine, compete with thyroglobulin for thyroxine (Ingbar and Freinkel, 1957).
On the other hand, there are a few antithyroid drugs of this same general type, such as resorcinol, possessing no reducing activity and possibly acting through formation of a complex with molecular iodine.
F.
If the deficiency persists long enough, it is reasonable to suppose that the Af label will reflect the Af distribution in the thyroglobulin.
Chemical constitution and physical properties of pituitary tsh
The most active preparations obtained by these two groups of investigators appear to be similar in potency, composition and physical properties.
For the most part, this discussion will be confined to results obtained since the introduction of the reference standard.
This patient was a 65-year-old white male accountant who entered the New York Hospital for his fourth and terminal admission on June 26, 1959, because of disabling weakness and general debility.
Because of increasing anemia, triamcinolone, 8 mg. daily, was started on Feb. 23, 1958, and was continued until July, 1958.
At this time a detailed neuromuscular examination revealed diffuse muscle atrophy that was moderate in the hands and feet, but marked in the shoulders, hips, and pelvic girdle, with hypoactive deep-tendon reflexes.
On Feb. 12, 1959, purified corticotropin (ACTH Gel), 20 units daily intramuscularly, was started but had to be discontinued 3 weeks later because of excessive fluid retention.
The terminal hospital admission on June 27, 1959, was necessitated by continued weakness and debility complicated by urinary retention and painful thrombosed hemorrhoids.
Microscopically, sections from the posterior base of the left ventricle of the heart showed several large areas of replacement of muscle by fibrous tissue.
Macrophages laden with brown pigment were seen in some of the alveoli, and the intima of some of the small arteries was thickened by fibrous tissue.
The small and large intestines were filled with gas, and the jejunum was dilated to about 2 times its normal circumference.
The surfaces were coarsely and finely granular and punctuated by clear, fluid-filled cysts measuring up to 3 cm. in diameter.
The cells of the erythroid, myeloid, and megakaryocytic series were normal except for their numbers.
In association with these changes in the fibers, there were striking alterations in the muscle nuclei.
Purification of the conjugates
The sections were mounted on cold slides smeared with Haupts'adhesive (Johansen, 1940) in earlier experiments, and in later experiments with a different mixture of the same components reported by Schramm and Rottger (1959).
After blotting out most of the saline around the sections, a drop of Af was layered over each of the sections, allowed to react for 30 minutes, and then washed with PBS for 15 - 30 minutes.
A red filter, Zeiss barrier filter with the code (Schott) designation BG 23, was also used in the ocular lens assembly as it improved the contrast between specific and nonspecific fluorescence.
Sections of crown gall tissue similarly stained with either Af and Af or NS and Af also showed only the light green nonspecific fluorescence.
After these treatments the conjugate did not stain healthy or crown gall sweet clover tissues or stained them a very faint green which was easily distinguishable from the bright yellow-green specific staining.
The best staining procedure with this purified Af consisted of staining with the conjugate for 30 minutes and washing in PBS for 15 minutes.
Results of specific staining by the direct and the indirect methods were similar and showed the localization of WTV antigen in certain tissues of tumors.
In the indirect method, this was evident from the fact that tumor sections were stained light green even when stained with NS and Af or with Af only.
Wound-tumor virus is a leafhopper transmitted virus not easily transmissible by mechanical inoculation (Black, 1944;
But even in relatively primitive laboratory animals such as the rat, sex activity closely identified with the hypothalamus and the visceral brain is enhanced by the neocortex.
On the other hand, the temporary reduction in hypothalamic excitability through the injection of a barbiturate into the posterior hypothalamus causes a lessening in frequency and amplitude of cortical strychnine spikes until the hypothalamic excitability is restored.
Since electrical stimulation of the posterior hypothalamus produces the effects of wakefulness while stimulation of the anterior hypothalamus induces sleep, it may be said that the reactivity of the whole organism is altered by a change in the autonomic reactivity of the hypothalamus.
Physiological experiments and clinical observations have shown that these procedures influence the hypothalamically controlled hypophyseal secretions and increase sympathetic discharges.
Perhaps a clue to these and related problems lies in the fact that changes in the intensity of hypothalamic discharges which are associated with changes in its balance lead also to qualitative alterations in reactivity.
14.
In a conditioning experiment, he demonstrated the antagonism between feeding and pain.
Furthermore, a functional antagonism exists between an aggressive attitude and a state of anxiety.
The primary decomposition theorem
The characteristic polynomial for A is Af and this is plainly also the minimal polynomial for A (or for T).
(primary decomposition theorem).
The projection Af will be the identity on Af and zero on the other Af.
We wish to show that the range of Af is exactly the subspace Af.
Then Af.
Let us look at the operator Af.
Then there is a diagonalizable operator D on V and a nilpotent operator N in V such that (A) Af, (b) Af.
Since D and D'are both diagonalizable and they commute, they are simultaneously diagonalizable, and Af is diagonalizable.
hence Af and the minimal polynomial is simply x, which says the operator is 0.
We have chosen to give it at the end of the section since it deals with differential equations and thus is not purely linear algebra.
We now write Af where Af are distinct complex numbers.
Thus Af if and only if Af.
We begin with a few examples of binomial experiments.
General binomial problem.
Further, an experiment might consist of five rounds, and several sets of five rounds might be regarded as a super-experiment composed of several repetitions of the five-round experiment.
Considering only these Fridays, what is the probability that the coach had drivers all 3 times?
We now generalize these ideas for general binomial experiments.
Experiment without a fixed number of trials.
Sometimes when there are many outcomes for a single trial, we group these outcomes into two classes, as in the example of the die, where we have arbitrarily constructed the classes "ace" and "not-ace".
During a round of target practice the sun comes from behind a cloud and dazzles the marksman, lowering his chance of a bull's-eye.
Indeed, the experiment is better viewed as consisting of one binomial trial for the entire family.
Thus in independent voting, Af or 0.52 of the couples would agree.
(For instance, see Example 2 of Section 5-5, on red cards in hands of 5.
then the number of successes is always 0).
The number of successes on each shot is a value of a random variable that has values 0 or 1, and there are 5 such random variables here.
The square has one corner point on the straight line segment, and does not lie entirely in the interior.
If the vertex is at Af, and if the interior of C is on the left as one moves in the direction of increasing t, then every such corner can be found from the curve obtained by rotating C clockwise through 90-degrees about the vertex.
We will denote the values of f{t} on different components by Af.
We first show that the function is single-valued in some neighborhood.
The arc is itself a segment of an analytic curve.
In some neighborhood of an isolated tangent point in the f-plane, say Af, the function Af is either double-valued or has no values defined, except at the tangent point itself, where it is single-valued.
The same remarks apply to an interval on the other side of Af.
The graph of f has at least one component whose support is the entire interval Aj.
This is true of all components which have such a bounded support.
These s-values are just the ordinary values of Af.
Introduction.
Clearly, the transformation is involutorial.
The most obvious of these is the quadratic complex of tangents to Q, each line of which is transformed into the entire pencil of lines tangent to Q at the image of the point of tangency of the given line.
A final class of exceptional lines is identifiable from the following considerations: Since no two generators of Af can intersect, it follows that their image curves can have no free intersections.
Therefore, the congruence of its secants, that is the image of a general plane field of lines, is of order Af and class Af.
However, since the pencil contains a secant of **zg it actually contains only Af singular lines.
the second requires that there be a line through P which meets **zg in Af points.
We now observe that the case in which **zg is a Af curve on a quadric is impossible if the complex of singular lines consists exclusively of the lines which meet Aj.
new aspirants for power will emerge whose ambitions far exceed their competence;
When necessary, we should make it clear that countries which choose to derive marginal advantages from the cold war or to exploit their potential for disrupting the security of the world will not only lose our sympathy but also risk their own prospects for orderly development.
In these rapidly changing societies there is also too little appreciation of the need for effort to achieve goals.
With respect to those countries whose leaders prefer to live with their illusions, we can afford to wait, for in time their comparative lack of progress will become clear for all to see.
as part of a larger development effort, however, it may gain wide acceptance.
they have established reasonably stable and effective governmental institutions at national and local levels;
There remain many political and administrative problems to be solved.
Convinced of the wisdom of their own actions, and reassured by the promises of their economic development programs, governments may fail to push outward to win more and more people to the national effort, becoming instead more rigid and inflexible in their policies.
but basically that pace depends on changes in the supply of resources and in the human attitudes, political institutions, and social structure which each society must generate.
and there are different opinions as to the essential functions of religion.
Religion seeks to satisfy human needs of great pertinence.
He is not lost in the abyss of endless time;
At the same time that religion binds the individual helpfully to the supernatural and gives him cosmic peace and a sense of supreme fulfillment, it also has great therapeutic value for him.
In addition to the functions of religion within man, there have always been the outer social functions for the community and society.
Furthermore, religion tends to integrate the whole range of values from the highest or ultimate values of God to the intermediary and subordinate values;
Finally, it gives meaning to much social endeavor, and logic, consistency, and meaning to life.
The beliefs of a religion also reflecting the values are expressed in creeds, dogmas, and doctrines, and form what Durkheim calls a credo.
His view is that every religion pertains to a community, and, conversely, every community is in one aspect a religious unit.
It tends to support the longstanding precious sentiments, the traditional ways of thinking, and the customary ways of living.
Religion usually acts as a powerful aid in social control, enforcing what men should or should not do.
Mrs. B. compared her feelings of weakness to her feelings of weakness and helplessness at the time of her mother's death when she was eight, as well as her subsequent anger at her father for remarrying.
Follow-up visits of the nurse and social worker indicated continued success in the care of the new babies as well as a marked improvement in the family's day-to-day mental health and social functioning.
In so doing he implicitly offers the positive contagion of hope as a kind of maturational dynamic to counteract feelings of helplessness and hopelessness generally associated with the first stages of stress impact.
At certain critical stages, and only for sound diagnostic reasons, it may be important to accompany family members in their use of these resources if their problem-solving behavior is to be constructive rather than defeating.
Especially noteworthy is Levinger's finding that the length of treatment per se is not a reliable indicator of successful outcome.
Though there is obviously great need for continued experimentation with various types of short-term intervention to further efforts in developing an operational definition of prevention at the secondary -- or perhaps, in some instances, primary -- level, the place of short-term intervention has already been documented by a number of investigators in a wide variety of settings.
Tension management and communication of sentiment are the processes involved in the functioning of the element of sentiment or feeling.
Yet, the object of the element of achieving through the process of goal attaining for this population appears to have been changed by circumstances brought about by the war.
The element of status-roles and associated processes have not been sufficiently investigated for this population to permit any type of conjectures about them.
Despite the increasing rate of exogamous marriages, the population has been able to sustain, at least to some degree, the consciousness of its intermediate status in society.
The structural subsystem, consisting of relatively stable inter-relationships among its parts, includes: 1.
There seems to be an implied cultural value attached to the fact of core status within the group.
As mentioned above, where families are concentrated in larger numbers, group controls seem strongest and most effective.
The population can thereby replenish itself and actually grow larger.
4.
However, the factor of physical isolation is not a static situation.
The process of social control is operative insofar as sanctions play a part in the individual's behavior, as well as the group's behavior.
As the threat of encroachment on the system increases, the "probability of applied boundary maintenance mechanisms increases".
Further decrees along this line were issued in 1916 and 1919.
Each card is expected to show certain information about the individual concerned, including his or her date of birth (or age at a specified time), spouses, and children.
Numbers of registered persons in four age-and-sex classes were counted each year.
So the results are subject to considerable confusion.
This agency accepted responsibility for medical services to a population ranging from 638,560 persons in 1941 to 840,503 in 1956 in the Kwango District and adjacent areas east of Leopoldville.
Statistics have been recognized as a matter of strategic importance in the Congo and in Ruanda-Urundi during the post-war years in connection with long-term economic and social programs.
The term enquetes demographiques, previously used for the supplementary investigations carried out in connection with the administrative censuses, was used for the new investigations.
(3) size of the sample.
but the subsequent analysis of characteristics is reported only for the de jure population (or, in some districts, only the de facto population).
Furthermore, it may be possible to estimate the error due to bias in method (as distinguished from sampling error) in each of these sources, on such subjects as fertility, mortality, and migration during a given interval by using information from two largely independent sources in conjunction.
Toward the end of the semester's work, he interviewed every married class member at great length.
Had I been in an all-married section I would have missed this, and I believe that this single aspect has been of great personal value to me".
Many of them appear to drop out, for one reason or another.
Many of the men on our campus have a pretty set curriculum, especially in the various engineering fields, with few electives till the senior year.
The writer began this special class by explaining his background thinking for creating such a section in the first place.
Films were used, as with all sections, but with one big difference.
From a few students this group gradually increased to include over three-fourths of those officially enrolled in the class, and many outsiders as well.
This was not a search for a "magic formula", but rather an examination of basic principles pertaining especially to all types of communication in marriage.
Quite frequently class members brought questions from their mates at home.
Never in other sections has there been the opportunity for the genuine down-to-earth discussions about the feelings of both spouses during various stages of pregnancy.
Guilford-Martin;
level.
Four subjects (10%) did not change even then but needed the additional information that an arm-elevation under these circumstances was a perfectly normal reflex reaction which some people showed while others did not.
A differential suggestibility would have to be invoked to explain the failure of this additional information to influence the Kohnstamm-positive reactors and yet attribute their naive Kohnstamm reactivity to suggestion.
Alcohol ingestion succeeded in changing immobility to mobility quite strikingly in one pilot subject (the only one with whom this technique was tried).
They felt that they too could counteract the upward arm movement by a voluntary effort after they had once experienced the reaction.
They felt that they were relaxing as much as they could and that any control factors which might be present to prevent response must be on an unconscious level.
Aniseikonic illusion
that they perceive new internal and environmental situations as "threatening" until they are tested and proved otherwise.
Subjects
Administrative restrictions necessitated the smaller sample size in the structured schools.
For instance, the following statement was rated low in compulsivity, "She's naturally quite neat about things, but it doesn't bother her at all if her room gets messy.
The two ratings yield a correlation of, which is not significantly different from zero;
Scores are stated in grade-equivalents on a national norm.
If such a child scored 3.0, his discrepancy score would be -.5, representing of one year of under-achievement.
While we had expected that compulsive children in the unstructured school setting would have difficulty when compared to those in the structured, we were surprised to find that the achievement of the high compulsives within the schools where the whole-word method is used in beginning reading compares favorably with that of the low compulsives.
As predicted, the highly anxious children in the unstructured schools score more poorly (Af) than those in the structured schools.
As shown earlier, the highly anxious individual may be superior in his memorizing of simple elements.
Analysis in roleplaying is usually done for the purpose of understanding strong and weak points of an individual or as a process to eliminate weak parts and strengthen good parts.
Interviewing, checking references, training the salesmen, having them go with more experienced salesmen was expensive -- and the rate of attrition due to resignations or unsatisfactory performance was too high.
The antagonists came in, one at a time, and did not see or hear the other presentations.
Another use of roleplaying for evaluation illustrates how this procedure can be used in real life situations without special equipment or special assistants during the daily course of work.
An engineer had been made the works manager of a firm, supplanting a retired employee who had been considered outstandingly successful.
The entire group of managers explained, in great detail, a number of human relations errors that he made.
Another case may be given in illustration of a successful use of analysis, and also of the employment of a procedure for intensive analysis.
How this was accomplished may be described, since this sometimes is a crucial problem.
To prevent the manager from deliberately controlling himself only during the sessions, they were rather lengthy (about twenty minutes), the situations were imperfectly described to the manager so that he would not know what to expect, new antagonists were brought on the scene unexpectedly, and the antagonists were instructed to deliberately behave in such ways as to upset the manager and get him to operate in a manner for which he had been previously criticized.
Roleplaying used for analysis follows these general steps leading to training.
1.
Then I realized that she had been deliberately showing me, this time, what Granny was like;
I realized, now, that she had been showing me, in what impressed me as being a very accurate way, something her mother had once said to her;
Another patient, a paranoid woman, for many months infuriated not only me but the ward-personnel and her fellow patients by arrogantly behaving as though she owned the whole building, as though she were the only person in it whose needs were to be met.
Sometimes it is not a verbal stereotype -- a "How are you now"?
As I have been intimating, in the schizophrenic -- and perhaps also in the dreams of the neurotic;
Burnham, in his excellent article (1955) concerning schizophrenic communication, includes mention of similar clinical material.
But first, we must define two terms so that their meaning will be clearly understood: form -- any unique sequence of alphabetic characters that can appear in a language preceded and followed by a space;
Also, the dictionary is divided into at least two parts: the list of dictionary forms and the file of information that pertains to these forms.
The address Af and the number of cells required to store the form are written in Af;
The formula for computing random addresses from the form of each occurrence will not give a distinct address for each distinct form.
When the information cell for Af has been determined, it is saved as a representation of Af.
Each dictionary form is looked up in the text-form list by the same method used to look up a new text occurrence in the form list during text reading.
The first stage of translation after glossary lookup is structural analysis of the input text.
) When the complete file has been read, the grammatical descriptions for all text forms found in the dictionary have been stored in the W-region;
Applying the techniques developed at Harvard for generating a paradigm from a representative form and its classification, we can add all forms of a word to the dictionary at once.
When irregularity and variation prevent summarizing, information is written in complete detail.
When the answer to what's wrong now?
in who's a linguist? it will generally be on the complement a linguist.
Context is of extreme importance.
Thus the unstressed it of it rarely snows here gets its significance from its use with snows: nothing can snow snow but "it".
Thus in it's incredible what that boy can eat dominant stress is likely to be on incredible, and eat will have strong stress also.
In hunger stimulates man too the situation is very similar.
It has strong stress;
Other examples follow.
Syllabification.
No single explanation is adequate to account for this.
The great majority of present-day linguists fall into one or more of a number of overlapping types: those who are convinced that tone cannot be analysed, those who are personally scared of tone and tone languages generally, those who are convinced that tone is merely an unnecessary marginal feature in those languages where it occurs, those who have no idea how to proceed with tone analysis, those who take a simplistic view of the whole matter.
We should expect that general phonologic theory should be as adequate for tone as for consonants and vowels, but it has not been.
The problem is to disentangle the linguistic features of pitch from the co-occurring nonlinguistic features.
for example, duration sometimes figures in both the vowel system and the intonation.
In the "typical tone language", tonal morphophonemics is of the same order of complexity as consonantal morphophonemics.
Tonal morphophonemics is much more confusing to the beginning analyst than consonantal morphophonemics, even when the total number of rules is no greater.
Most others have been content to give only the most general attention to the broadest and most obvious features of the phonology when designing orthographies.
A few of his examples are of very great interest, and the whole discussion of some importance for theory.
But it would seem more intended as a tract advocating the prosodic theory than a paper directed to the specific problems of Igbo phonology.
It exhibits much the same descriptive technique and is open to much the same criticisms.
These differences in turn result from the fact that my Yokuts vocabularies were built up of terms selected mainly to insure unambiguity of English meaning between illiterate informants and myself, within a compact and uniform territorial area, but that Hoijer's vocabulary is based on Swadesh's second glottochronological list which aims at eliminating all items which might be culturally or geographically determined.
2.6 and 2.7;
Hoijer's Athabascan and my Yokuts share 71 identical meanings (with allowance for several near-synonyms like stomach-belly, big-large, long-far, many-much, die-dead, say-speak).
This distribution can be summarized by averaging the distance in grades apart: Af;
His first conclusion, on behavior of individual items, is negative, whereas mine (on Ath. and Yok.) was partially positive.
and Gleason presumably is on the way with a further contribution in this area.
It is evident that Swadesh has not only had much experience with basic vocabulary in many languages but has acquired great tact and feeling for the expectable behavior of lexical items.
The most important quality of the meanings is that they should be as definable as possible.
He has announced results on Hokan, Penutian, Uto-Aztecan, and almost all other American families and phyla, and has diagrammed their degree of interrelation;
There is no apparent reason why we should feel bound by Swadesh's rules and procedure since his predilections and aims have grown so vast.
frontiers.
Yet after long and earnest discussion Stalin accepted the Curzon Line and even agreed voluntarily that there should be digressions from that line of five to eight kilometers in favor of Poland in some regions.
At Yalta he thought more about the six million Germans who would have to leave, trying to find work in Germany, and Roosevelt objected to the Western Neisse River being chosen in the south, instead of the Eastern Neisse, both of which flow into the Oder.
More time was spent in trying to marry these incompatibles than over any subject discussed at Yalta.
It is in Russia's interest that Poland should be strong and powerful, in a position to shut the door of this corridor by her own force.
But at Yalta the conflicting expectations of East and West were merged into an agreement by the Big Three to assist all liberated countries in Europe "to create democratic institutions of their own choice".
We had entertained exaggerated ideas about our victory automatically establishing our system throughout the world.
Here is the best short explanation of the origins of the Cold War that has been written.
Preparation began slightly more than a year after independence with the first steps to organize rural communes.
King Muhammad 5, was known to be most sympathetic to the formation of local self-government and made the first firm promise of elections on May Day, 1957.
Although the government was probably prepared for elections by mid-1958, the first decision was no doubt made more difficult as party strife multiplied.
By this time there is little doubt but what election plans were complete.
Although the elections were for local officials, it was not necessary to conduct the elections so as to prevent parties from publicly identifying their candidates.
The local Istiqlal and U.M.C.I.A. offices did not campaign and lost heavily.
As the background discussion indicated there were frequently expressed doubts that a government dominated by either party could fairly administer elections.
Voting preparations began in the fall of 1959, although the actual demarcation and planning for the rural communes was completed in 1958.
The registration figures given in Table 2 must be interpreted with caution since the estimate for eligible electors were made without the benefit of a reliable census.
The Federal program of vocational education merely provides financial aid to encourage the establishment of vocational education programs in public schools.
The total cost of the five-year program was $297 million.
Vocational educators do not claim that school training alone makes skilled workers, but it provides the essential groundwork for developing skills.
The Title 8, program of the National Defense Education Act of 1958 was a great spur to this trend toward area schools.
Additional courses can readily be added and special cooperative programs worked out with any new industry if the basic facilities, staff and program are in being.
Local jobs can be seen and counted, while opportunities elsewhere are regarded as more hypothetical.
State and local agencies in the vocational education field must be encouraged to adopt a wider outlook on future job opportunities.
Programs usually are expanded only when outside funds are available or local business leaders demand it.
A program of financial assistance would permit placing emphasis on the national interest in training highly skilled labor.
This expectation is what really "sold" point and figure.
The search for forecasting formulae is ceaseless.
There sit men who make moving averages of weekly volume, monthly averages of price-earnings ratios, ratios of the number of advances to the number of declines, ratios of an individual stock's performance to overall market performance, ratios of rising price volume to falling price volume, odd-lot indices, and what not.
A stock transaction for less than a hundred shares is executed via a special odd-lot broker on the floor of the exchange.
Towards the end of an intermediate or major rise, while the top is forming on the price chart, it is frequently observed that the odd-lot buying increases sharply.
We have been using the word "public" in quotation marks, that is, in its vernacular connotation with reference to the odd-lot index theory.
weak hands ask, What is going on?
It quite often happens that campaigns go askew, resulting in a most unflattering deterioration of strong hands into played-out hands, just as a member of a former campaign's "public" may emerge flatteringly "right" the next time.
If you got too many people investing by this method, their operations would begin to affect stock prices, and thus throw the charts off.
The purpose set forth at the beginning of this book was first to introduce the reader to a general background knowledge of the various types and capabilities of the forecasting methods already in use, so that he might then be in a position to evaluate for himself the validity of the rather astonishing empirical correlation that is to follow, and to appraise the forecast that its interpretation suggests for the future of farm prices over the years immediately ahead.
In earlier business cycles, when this occurred the country usually experienced a sharp upturn in residential construction as mortgage financing became easier to obtain.
However, as witnessed by the large corporate bond calendar at present, as well as the record amount of municipal bond issues approved by voters, the over-all demands for capital funds seem likely to remain high, so that any downward pressure on rates from reduced demand should not be great.
By the end of the spring of 1961, assuming that a general business recovery gets under way, interest rates should begin to edge upward again, depending upon the vigor of the recovery and the determination with which the monetary authorities move to restrain credit availability.
Moreover, it is likely that Federal policies aimed at stimulating a faster rate of economic growth of the country, to keep ahead of the Communist countries and to demonstrate that our free economic system is better than theirs, will lead to rising Federal spending in certain areas such as education, housing, medical aid, and the like.
(3)
There is some clear-cut evidence of this.
Accordingly, during the Sixties our national economy is likely to grow at as fast a rate as in the Fifties and, in the process, to require enormous amounts of capital funds.
Part 1, below describes this abstract model by spelling out its assumptions.
For the purposes of setting the product price, the industry behaves as a single entity.
The form of the industry demand function is one which makes quantity demanded vary inversely with the product price, and vary directly with the level of Aj.
In such circumstances, it may well be to the advantage of the industry to allow an increase in the basic wage rate.
They become increasingly willing to accept the price increase that the industry claims the wage bargain would entail.
We assume that average total unit cost in the relevant region of operation is constant with respect to quantity produced (the average cost curve is horizontal, and therefore is identical with the marginal cost curve), and is the same for every firm (and therefore for the industry).
Productivity is something of an amorphous concept and the amount of productivity increase in a given time period is not even well known to the industry, much less to the union or to the public.
From this presumption it is an easy step to the conclusion that any observed increases in the basic wage rate must be due to union behavior different and more aggressive than assumed in our model.
International law had to fit the conditions of Europe, and nothing that could not fit this system, or the interests of the great European nations collectively, could possibly emerge as law in any meaningful sense.
more doubtful, but possible, (with an assist from the North) was the neutralization of the Latin American countries;
They must do something with the acquiescence of the latter, or some of them, which amounts to an acceptance of the law in its entirety beyond all possibility of misconstruction".
To appreciate this development, we must relate it to other aspects of nineteenth-century philosophy.
he could be subjected to law only because he agreed to be.
Codification was followed in all countries by a growing amount of legislation, some changing and adjusting the older law, much dealing with entirely new situations.
It was, too, an optimistic philosophy, and, though it separated law from morality, it was by no means an immoral or amoral one.
that obligations of status that were inconsistent with the new politics and the new economics be done away with.
In the first place the new doctrine brought a formal separation of international from municipal law, rejecting the earlier view that both were parts of a universal legal system.
For almost a hundred years we relied upon state courts (subject to review by the Supreme Court) for the protection of most rights arising under national law.
The essential ineffectiveness of these measures resulted in 1934 in substantial elimination of federal jurisdiction to enjoin state public utility rate orders.
An alternative was found in the vagueness of state law as to whether the offending order had in fact been authorized.
this in the name of equitable discretion.
The Court held that Congress had intended the federal judiciary to "fashion" an appropriate law of labor-management contracts.
(As we have seen, the Erie and York decisions require federal courts in diversity cases to follow state decisional rules.
The same rule of specialization and division of labor guides him in the FELA certiorari cases, in the administrative law area, and indeed in the whole realm of judicial review.
We consider here only a few of many problems involved in this crucial federal-state relationship.
Justices Frankfurter and Jackson dissented: "One State may cherish formalities more than another, one State may be more responsive than another to procedural reforms.
That is, he did not claim in any of the four courts through which his case progressed that the jury charge had denied him any federal right.
Such an interpretation could not be justified by a construction of the statute alone;
furthermore, Congress could not be presumed to have intended to obstruct mergers approved by the states.
The Court, nevertheless, relied on the Seaboard case and also mentioned that the shareholders of the two corporations were the same.
The Ruling suggests also that it applies to either a statutory or contractual reorganization.
In these circumstances the possibility of multiple or conflicting claims is exceedingly remote.
There are certain tax attributes of a corporation whose nature and effect might depend on the facts of the particular reorganization involved.
For example, suppose another excess profits tax similar to prior laws is enacted, providing for carryover of excess profits credits.
Reasons for selecting mail questionnaire method
Is the respondent making a recommendation for his own benefit, for the benefit of his industry, for the benefit of a specific government department or service, for the benefit of the defense program, for the benefit of small business, or for the benefit of the taxpayers?
and (3) the attitudes and opinions of the respondents concerning bidding procedures and the methods of awarding defense contracts.
The questionnaire provided a place for the name of the respondent but stated that identification of the respondent was optional.
Accordingly, another test of the questionaire was made.
The objective of the study was to determine the opinions and practices of small firms selling to defense programs.
There was further elimination of all companies that were not accompanied by the name of a responsible company executive.
3.
Each letter contained a postage-prepaid return envelope by regular mail for addresses in the Pacific Northwest, and by airmail for those outside the Pacific Northwest.
The remaining 1,286 returns that were processed came from the categories in Table 2.
(see Chapter 2.
By virtue of the legal responsibilities of the Department of Employment in the farm placement program, we necessarily found ourselves in the middle between these two forces.
This past year the pattern has been different: The organizing program had the full support of the AFL-CIO, which supplied staff and money to the AWOC, as well as moral support.
But the current issues arose out of the Wagner-Peyser Act concerning referrals to an establishment where a labor dispute exists, and out of Public Law 78 and the Migrant Labor Agreement if Mexican nationals were employed at the ranch.
Referrals in labor dispute situations.
It is the first part of the Regulation that is currently at issue.
We, of course, obeyed the court order.
It is an accepted juridical principle in California that a Superior Court decision does not constitute a binding legal precedent.
Next, let us consider briefly the program and administrative implications of a failure on our part to pursue our appeals.
None has yet arisen under condition (2), relating to referral to jobs "the filling of which is an issue in a labor dispute".
they do symbolically what they once had to do concretely.
Emotional maturity is the result of many factors, the principal ones being the experiences of the first few years of the child's life.
4.
as the influence of learning and environment are felt, emotional behavior becomes individualized.
the group sets the styles in clothing, the kind of play engaged in, and the ideals of right and wrong behavior.
5.
8.
Many school systems now employ school psychologists and child guidance specialists.
It is apparent, therefore, that the teacher needs to know what factors have a vital bearing on the learning and adjustment of children.
This is only a minimum list of the factors that inhibit learning and contribute to maladjustment among children.
to refine and extend his own techniques for studying individual children;
Each new teacher to whom the pupil goes is expected to study the information in the cumulative record and to bring it up to date.
Desegregation and court order
There are no court decisions here.
The record is clear that increase in school desegregation last year came largely as a result of a court order;
The sharpest break with tradition, the past and present of "White Ring Around a Black Core", may come with the opening of nearby Montgomery County suburbs to Negro residents and, presumably, the consequent conclusion of some whites that they cannot escape the Negro by fleeing to the suburbs.
In general, members of NAIRO would certainly want a child admitted to a school nearest his residence or within his residence zone.
Fourth, in the segregated school system, during the period before desegregation, how can we assure equal opportunity?
On the basis of pupil assignment criteria, Judge Albert Bryan has assigned Negro children to formerly white schools in Arlington and Alexandria, Virginia.
We can argue that where residence makes pupil desegregation impossible teacher assignment can create a partially desegregated situation.
This is an issue, for it divides people rather sharply.
Should a political subdivision, state or county or municipality, be required to furnish public education?
Federal responsibility for education of the citizens.
In situations of this sort the board generally favors the expansion of free education.
This conflict may be resolved in a way which will suit white middle-class people better than it suits white lower-class people.
Again, in deciding on the content and method of his teaching, does he favor a curriculum which will make his students stronger competitors in the race for higher economic status, or does he favor a curriculum which strengthens students in other ways?
There is no doubt that higher education since World War 2, has moved away from "pure" liberal education toward greater emphasis on technology and specialization.
Another public interest group is the commission of laymen or educators which is appointed to study an educational problem and to make recommendations.
Furthermore, the Commission set up the Council for Financial Aid to Education as a means of encouraging private business to increase its support of private higher education.
But there is very little frank and conscious espousal of the interests of any one social class by the people who have the power to make decisions in education.
Fifty years ago the general raising of the school-leaving age to sixteen was an example of this movement.
Here, the choice is that between the horns of a dilemma.
There remains a residue of total costs, or total "revenue requirements" which, since it is found to behave as if it were constant over substantial variations in traffic density, is strictly unallocable on a cost-finding basis.
We turn now to a type of fully distributed cost analysis which, unlike the "railroad type", draws no distinction between cost allocation and cost apportionment: the single-step type.
The general basis on which these common costs are assigned to differently measured units of service will be illustrated by the following highly simplified problem of an electric-utility cost analysis.
But the practice is likely to be misleading, since it may seem to support a conclusion that, as long as the revenues from any class of service cover the imputed operating expenses plus some return on capital investment, however low, the rates of charge for this service are compensatory.
In fact, however, the problem is not so simple.
1.
Is it not the task of philosophy to see what intelligible meaning can be assigned to the most sacred canons in social science?
Ch. 12.
The purpose of this sort of philosophical study of sociology is not to tyrannize but to clarify the principles of social science.
Horowitz 1957b.
In this situation, philosophy has survived by separating itself from metaphysics, by showing the ultimate questions to be the meaningless questions.
Philosophy conceived of as servant to the sciences might appear as less dramatic than philosophy which jeers as the sciences evolve.
Bergson and Leroy announce that "the secret is the center of a philosophy" and thereafter a hundred followers declare secrecy a higher verity.
Philosophic systems, by the very nature of their completeness, are overthrown by rival systems.
Do societies develop according to cosmic patterns or are they subject only to the free choice of individuals?
For what concerns all scientific disciplines is precisely that which can be captured for the rational, i.e., for the scientific determination of what in past ages was considered ultimate and irrational.
It appeared that the theory could be saved in one way only.
Let us work through an example, and the simpler and commoner the better.
On that view, nothing good or bad happened in the case until I came on the scene and made my remark.
If so, then it is clear that in saying the suffering was bad we are not expressing our feelings only.
Clearly it is not.
but unfortunately the rabbit, on no grounds at all, took up toward this neutral object an attitude of disapproval and that made it for the first time, and in the only intelligible sense, bad.
It is as empty as the word "Hurrah" would be when there was no enthusiasm behind it.
My point is this: whether there is such fitness or not, we all assume that there is, and if we do, we express in moral judgments more than the subjectivists say we do.
They are in themselves neutral, and, so far as they get a moral quality, they get it only through being invested with it by the attitude of the onlooker.
and even on subjectivist assumptions that does not seem very bright.
(2) Spatiality becomes part of the tactual sensation only by way of visual representations;
Obviously, a satisfactory answer to the third question is imperative, if the argument is to get under way at all, for if there is any possibility of doubt whether the patient's tactual sensitivity had been impaired by the occipital lesion, any findings whatsoever in regard to the first question become completely ambiguous and fail altogether, of course, as evidence to establish the desired conclusion.
(2) The patient attained an astonishing efficiency in a new trade.
The meaning of this, as we shall see, is that he had no fund of visual memory-images of objects as objects;
and there was ample evidence of the following sort to corroborate him.
This would mean, it can readily be seen, that, again, for each new visual experience, the tracing motions would have to be repeated because of the absence of visual imagery.
How, then, do the kinesthetic sensations function in all this?
And perhaps an observer of the vases will not go too far in deducing that the outlook of their makers and users was basically stable and secure.
Much which was in embryo in 1000 had become reasonably well developed by 800.
imitation and borrowing of motifs now become ascertainable.
The epic poems, the consolidation of the Greek pantheon, the rise of firm political units, the self-awareness which could permit painted and sculptured representations of men -- all these had to await the progress of following decades.
The first slanting rays of the new day cannot yet dispel all the dark shadows which lie across the Aegean world;
Greek civilization was swirling toward its great revolution, in which the developed qualities of the Hellenic outlook were suddenly to break forth.
Many potters clung to the past the more determinedly as they were confronted with radically new ideas;
the pottery of the first half of the eighth century is commonly called Ripe Geometric.
it was time to take bigger steps, to venture on experiments.
Plate 12 illustrates four examples, which are Ripe or Late Geometric work of common spirit but of different schools.
While talking with Julian M. Beall, Francisco Archuleta and Juan Marcus appeared, both heavily armed, and after watching the house for a while, rode away.
Not a bullet touched Cook who was nearer the ambush, but one hit Russell in the leg and another broke his arm, passing on through his body.
Finding him dead, Cook caught Russell's horse and rode to the cattle foreman's house to report the incident and request bloodhounds to trail the assassins.
and a store was broken into and robbed.
Pels complained: "Litigants and witnesses were put to the expense and inconvenience of going long distances to transact business;
About 300 yards up the creek was a cluster of Mexican houses containing six rooms in the form of a square.
Receiving no answer, they set the fire.
A Mexican justice of the peace had issue a writ against Chavez for taking part in the "murder" of Manuel Gonzales so he and his father were anxious to be taken out of danger.
Fire District No. 1 discussed its possible purchase in 1945, but considered it an unwise investment.
There the matter stands with the prospect that soon Manchester may be removed from the roster of towns contributing raw sewage to its main streams.
The Manchester Journal commented editorially on the surprising amount of local telegraphic business.
Operating in 1887 was the "Valley Telegraph Line", officers of which were E. C. Orvis, president;
The Village office of Western Union with George Towsley as manager and telegrapher continued in Hard's drugstore until 1905.
She was succeeded by Clarence Goyette.
George Woodcock was manager and troubleshooter;
In 1932 Dorset received its own exchange, which made business easier for the Manchester office, but it was not until February 1953 that area service was extended to include Manchester and Dorset.
In November 1900 surveying was done under John Marsden on the east mountains to ascertain if it would be possible to get sufficient water and fall to operate an electric power plant.
Marsden was manager of the company for ten years and manager of its successor company, the Colonial Light and Power Company, for one year.
It overlooks the other fact that it is described as "Nec minus salutaris quam festivus", "no less salutary than gay".
Similar literary exercises were the common doings of a Christian humanist of the first two decades of the sixteenth century.
But here we have a distinctly modern preoccupation;
We find it in the later Stoic conception of man's natural condition which included the community of all possessions.
Moreover, it is too readily forgotten that in the Republic what gave the initial impetus to Plato's excursus into the construction of an imaginary commonwealth with its ruling-class communism of goods, wives, and children, was his quest for a canon for the proper ordering of the individual human psyche;
Finally, the conception of the natural community of all possessions which originated with the Stoics was firmly fixed in a tradition by More's time, although it was not accepted by all the theologian-philosophers of the Middle Ages.
In contrast to this Stoic-patristic view, Utopia implies that the nature of man is such that to rely on individual conscience to supply the deficiencies of municipal law is to embark on the bottomless sea of human sinfulness in a sieve.
But to say that at a moment in history something is new is not necessarily to say that it is modern;
no sort of pricing at all for any goods or services, and therefore no market in the economic sense of the term.
The Providence Daily Post thought that there were probably good reasons for the haste in which the trial was being conducted and that the only thing gained by a delay would be calmer feelings.
In the eastern section of the state the newspapers'reaction to Brown's trial and sentence were basically identical.
Elisha R. Potter was the Democratic candidate.
In its account of the Trafton lecture, the Providence Daily Post said that the remarks of Rev. Trafton made the people indignant.
The editor of the Daily Journal warned, "that if such a demonstration be made, it will not find support or countenance from any of the men whose names are recognized as having a right to speak for Providence".
Thomas Davis, an uncompromising Garrisonian;
his deed was not below, but above the law".
Whereas, John Brown has cheerfully risked his life in endeavoring to deliver those who are denied all rights and is this day doomed to suffer death for his efforts in behalf of those who have no helper: Therefore,
the granular texture thus created likewise called attention to the reality of the surface and was effective over much larger areas.
and moreover, he had already begun to broaden and simplify the facet-planes of Analytical Cubism as far back as the end of 1910.
In their very first collages, Braque and Picasso draw or paint over and on the affixed paper or cloth, so that certain of the principal features of their subjects as depicted seem to thrust out into real, bas-relief space -- or to be about to do so -- while the rest of the subject remains imbedded in, or flat upon, the surface.
In later collages of both masters, a variety of extraneous materials are used, sometimes in the same work, and almost always in conjunction with every other eye-deceiving and eye-undeceiving device they can think of.
they had also had to generalize it -- to the point, finally, where the illusion of depth and relief became abstracted from specific three-dimensional entities and was rendered largely as the illusion of depth and relief as such: as a disembodied attribute and expropriated property detached from everything not itself.
) But the inner, formal logic of Cubism, as it worked itself out through the collage, had just as much to do with shaping their decision.
Synthetic Cubism began with Picasso alone, late in 1913 or early in 1914;
However, the building of freeways and garages cannot continue forever.
Less ambitious freeway plans may be more successful -- especially when the roadways and interchanges are raised, allowing for cross access at many points and providing parking areas below the ramp.
Until internal combustion became cheap, he had to be near a railroad siding and a trolley line or an existing large community of lower-class homes.
They can even be rather grand, like Edward Land's monument to the astonishing success of Polaroid.
But whenever a major purchase was contemplated forty years ago -- a new bedroom set or a winter coat, an Easter bonnet, a bicycle for Junior -- the family set off for the downtown department store, where the selection would be greatest.
Fear of the competition -- always a great motivating force in the American economy -- makes retailers who do not have suburban operations exaggerate both the volume and the profitability of their rival's shiny new branches.
Today, according to land economist Homer Hoyt, shopping centers and their associated parking lots cover some 46,000 acres of land, which is almost exactly the total land area in all the nation's Central Business Districts put together.
4.
The open ceiling, with allegorical and classical figures thrown in masses against the sky: the closed frieze, formally divided into historical scenes and tightly tied to the stone walls, belong in their large ordering to the line of Correggio and his Baroque followers.
What follows is therefore a description of three separate undertakings, the new frescoing of the gap, and the successive essays in conservation, with some discussion of problems that arose in connection with each.
The scaffolding, a confusion of heavy beams hanging from the gallery above, was strong and safe, but obscured visibility.
Painting "a secco" is much in evidence.
Lime white, hard and brilliant, has a tendency to "jump" away from the other colors in drying, and also by its capacity to set, to preclude the use of ready-made gradations, so useful in decorative work.
ground together they made a strong adhesive, which became waterproof in drying.
In painting a fresco, the handling of wet mortar compels one always to move from top to bottom and from left to right, not to spoil yesterday's work with today's plastering.
A valve in the handle let us cut the pressure still lower.
Apparently not more than dusting had ever been done, and not much of that.
Even though we did not see many of your faces, it appears now quite evident that a considerable number of your profession heard, from those whom we had the fortune to encounter, that we had been in your midst.
If this attitude is seriously questioned in the Soviet Union, it does not necessarily follow that the majority of the society in which I live is too aware of the necessity for clarity on this ethical as well as aesthetic point of view.
the belligerent denunciations by the sick fanatics of ignorance who try to build a papier-mache wall of pseudo-patriotism on our physical horizons.
Just yesterday we had met and talked with a living writer, a contemporary of the dead poet, who is known for his ability of manipulating his ideas and his craft more advantageously.
I could not bring myself to answer that "some of my best friends are non-propagating mules".
I can only hope that the continuing exchange of groups and individuals between our countries will not wear out all language pertinent to the occasion.
To have one's intentions deliberately or unintentionally misunderstood is always a waste of time.
We are acutely aware that yours is a society which, in spite of several wars and many privations, has developed itself into one of the foremost nations of the world.
As artists we feel the same obligation, as do other individuals, in considering ourselves responsible citizens of a great nation.
That could be easily done, but there is little reason in it.
The idea has received much attention in philosophy, in literature, and in a few works of general social criticism, such as The Sane Society.
Until such evidence appears, we must make do with the evidence we have.
in the second study, the percentages were 86 for professionals, 74 for managerial persons, 42 for commercial employees, 56 for skilled workers, and 48 for semi-skilled workers.
and today's trade unions announce pretty much the same view.
When alienation is used as an objective and diagnostic category, for example, it becomes clear that Fromm would have to say that awareness of alienation goes far toward conquering it.
In a brief chapter dealing with "Various Other Diagnoses", he quotes isolated passages from some writers whose views seem to corroborate his own, and finds it "most remarkable that a critical view of twentieth-century society was already held by a number of thinkers living in the nineteenth.
It omits, for example, practically the whole line of great nineteenth century English social critics, nearly all the great writers whose basic position is religious, and all those who are with more or less accuracy called Existentialists.
Much of this lifelike quality results from Mussorgsky's care in basing his vocal line on natural speech inflections.
Consider the four monks who figure prominently in the action: Pimen, Varlaam, Missail and the Jesuit Rangoni.
An imaginative storyteller, Pimen takes on the character he describes, as if he were experiencing the old shepherd's blindness and miraculous cure.
Varlaam is loud, rowdy, uninhibited in his pleasures and impatient with anyone who is not the same.
For the only time in the opera, words are not set according to their natural inflection;
He addresses Marina with great deference, calling her "Princess" at first;
It is a phrase as arresting as a magician's gesture, with a piquant turn of harmony giving an effect of strangeness.
With another sudden change of mood, he is again calm and protective, exhorting her to trust and obey him as God's spokesman -- and the chromatic scale descends in ominous contradiction.
It rarely speaks as a unit.
And Mityukh, apparently the intellectual leader of the crowd, replies that he has no notion.
One of the outstanding assets of the present production is the restoration of the St. Basil's scene, usually omitted from performances and rarely included in a published score.
) There is still more news, Mityukh announces: they have prayed for the soul of the Tsarevich.
And though in his later years he revised his poems many times, the revisions did not alter the essential nature of the style which he had established before he was thirty;
With the exception of Satires Of Circumstance, each volume contains dated poems ranging over several decades (Winter Words spans sixty-one years);
The last three volumes are again more dependent on the past, as Hardy's creative powers declined in his old age.
After 1895 the number increases, and in the next thirty years there is only one year for which there is no dated poem -- 1903, when Hardy was at work on The Dynasts.
There is not much to be said for "Revulsion".
"Neutral Tones" we immediately recognize as a fine poem in Hardy's most characteristic style: the plain but not quite colloquial language, the hard, particular, colorless images, the slightly odd stanza-form, the dramatic handling of the occasion, the refusal to resolve the issue -- all these we have seen in Hardy's best poems.
In the 1860 - 70 decade there are many poems like "Revulsion", but there is only one "Neutral Tones".
but the mood is not quite nostalgic -- Hardy would not allow sentiment to soften his sense of the irredeemable pastness of the past, and the eternal deadness of the dead.
Living in San Francisco I saw them seldom enough to see them with a perspective which was not distorted by exasperation or fatigue.
Being with him was like being swept away by a torrent of falling stones.
It is the theme of Horace, who certainly otherwise bears little resemblance to Parker or Thomas.
He was able to find meaning in his art as long as it was the answer to air raids and gas ovens.
And there is less rhythmic difference between progressive jazz, no matter how progressive, and Dixieland, than there is between two movements of many conventional symphonies.
The immediate theme, if it exists, is incidental, and his main theme -- the terror of birth -- is simply reiterated.
It is much more a personal difference.
Uninhibited lyricism should be distinguished from its exact opposite -- the sterile, extraneous invention of the corn-belt metaphysicals, or present blight of poetic professors.
There is no longer any sense of continuing development of the sort that can be traced from Baudelaire to Eluard, or for that matter, from Hawthorne through Henry James to Gertrude Stein.
The aesthetic appeal of pure paint laid on at random may exist, but it is a very impoverished appeal.
In fact, once the size is big enough to cover a whole wall, it turns into nothing more than extremely expensive wallpaper.
the poet of The Odyssey, reputed blind, reveals himself not at all in singing of the blind minstrel Demodocus.
the verse of Beowulf or of The Iliad and The Odyssey was not easy to create but was not impossible for poets who had developed their talents perforce in earning a livelihood.
Verbal and adverbial elements too participated in each epic diction, but it is for the present sufficient to mark the large nominal and adjectival supply of semantic near-equivalents, and to designate the members of any system of equivalents as basic formulas of the poetic language.
Combellack argues further, and here he makes his main point, that once The Iliad and The Odyssey are thought formulaic poems composed for an audience accustomed to formulaic poetry, Homeric critics are deprived of an entire domain they previously found arable.
A formulaic element need not be held meaningless merely because it was selected with little conscious reflection.
Achilles, like Siegfried in The Nibelungenlied, is potentially the swiftest of men and may accordingly be called swift-footed even when he stands idle.
This explanation is attractive, but is vitiated at least in part by the observation that Cynewulf, though he used kennings in the traditional manner, was a literate man who four times inscribed his name by runes into his works.
In determining the extent to which any poem is formulaic it is idle, however, to inspect nothing besides lines repeated in their entirety, for a stock of line-fragments would be sufficient to permit the poet to extemporize with deftness if they provided for prosodic needs.
It is hardly accidental, therefore, that many of his most vivid figures do suggestive or eccentric things with their hands.
So it is with Great Expectations, whether the hands be Orlick's as he strikes down Mrs. Gargery or Pip's as he steals a pie from her pantry.
Orlick slouches about the forge "like Cain" with "his hands in his pockets", and when he shouts abuse at Mrs. Joe for objecting to his holiday, she claps her hands in a tantrum, beats them "upon her bosom and upon her knees", and clenches them in her husband's hair.
Magwitch's hand here ironically becomes the agent of justice.
when, on the journey to London that immediately follows, he pauses nostalgically to lay his hand upon the finger-post at the end of the village, the wooden pointer symbolically designates a spiritual frontier between innocence and the corruption of worldly vanity.
The respectability which money confers implies a different etiquette, and, upon taking up the life of a London gentleman, Pip must learn from Herbert Pocket that "the spoon is not generally used over-hand, but under".
Remarks may appear to the right of the last parameter on each card provided they are separated from the operand by at least two blank spaces.
During the first pass of Phase 3, references to the actual addresses of index words and electronic switches are collected and the availability table is updated.
During the assignment pass of Phase 3, index words and electronic switches are reserved as they are encountered during assignment.
If a statement has been assigned an address in the index word area
It will not, however, be used for symbolic assignment until all other index words or electronic switches have been assigned for the first time.
If the compiler does encounter such statements, a warning message will be issued.
The DRDW statement may be used for this purpose.
The DIOCS, DTF, and DUF statements are used when required by the Input/Output Control System.
This statement also allows the naming of the index words used by Aj.
This item may be a symbolic name or an actual one-digit or two-digit index word address in the range 3 - 94.
O'Connor and Eckenfelder discussed the use of aerated lagoons for treating organic wastes.
The pond is currently serving 1,230 persons or 260 persons per acre.
The side slopes were coated with fiberglas matting coated with asphalt to prevent erosion.
The effluent was collected through two pipes and discharged to the Blue River through a surface drainage ditch.
A single 24-hr. composite sample indicated that the sewage flow pattern and characteristics were typical.
The organic loading on the unit averaged 32 lb of BOD/day or about 2 lb BOD/day/1,000 cu ft aeration capacity.
The average volatile suspended solids in the effluent was 75 mg/l while MLSS averaged 170 mg/l volatile suspended solids.
Microscopic examination
but as the temperature rose, the numbers of protozoa increased rapidly.
It was approximately one month before the belt problem was noticed and corrected, but at no time was there a deficiency of dissolved oxygen.
The location of the oxidation pond in a high-value residential area makes odor nuisances a sensitive problem for the developer.
During the two weeks when the algae disappeared from the effluent BOD's in the effluent were 18 and 16 Aj.
It includes operational intelligence of the enemy and knowledge of the environment.
This, despite postwar experience demonstrating that all elements are necessarily mutually supporting.
Industry's main criticism of the Navy's antisubmarine effort is that it cannot determine where any one company or industry can apply its skills and know-how.
Communist target areas can be assumed, but there is no certainty that such assumptions coincide with Soviet intentions.
This exchange must result in our ending up with some effective units.
Some elements support the others, but all have limitations.
what was new yesterday is obsolescent today.
Since effective area coverage appears fairly remote, the requirement can be borne in mind while considering the elements: air, surface, sub-surface, fixed installations, mines, and intelligence.
Gathering intelligence is important, but of equal importance is its translation into usable form.
A concurrent effort is needed to make oceanographic data useful on the spot.
For example, effective mine barriers from Florida to Cuba and across the Yucatan Channel from Cuba to Mexico would remove all requirements for harbor defense, inshore patrol, convoy escort, shipping control, and mine defense for the entire Gulf of Mexico.
In an over-all ASW concept, dependence on and effort expended for such systems should be limited to those with proven capabilities.
All 28 carbons of metabolite 1 ((a product of mild acid hydrolysis of 2) arise from Aj.
The inhibition of the enzyme by very low concentrations of lanthanum ion is probably the strongest known biological effect of rare earth salts.
A method was devised for extracting and purifying soluble earthworm collagen (EWC).
Experiments are in progress to develop ultraviolet spectrophotometric techniques for assaying these enzymes and for studying their sensitivity to metal ions.
In the second-order theory, one of the normal stress differences can be calculated from the first-order stress relaxation function.
The gallium / germanium ratio is higher than that for ordinary igneous, metamorphic, or sedimentary matter as a result of selective volatilization of the components of the tektite.
When rapid quenching follows melting, impact glasses may result.
Recent work with radiocarbon and deuterated alcohols as solvents, however, has given evidence that metal-hydrido and carbonyl complexes may be readily formed by reaction with alcohol in some of these systems.
-- The theory of elasticity of Gaussian networks has been developed on a more general basis and the equations of state relating variables of pressure, volume, temperature, stress and strain have been precisely formulated.
-- The crystallization of copolymers comprising Af units interspersed with a minor percentage of Af is limited by the inability of the crystal lattice characteristic of the former to accommodate the bulky side group of the latter.
While ATP appears to be necessary for the occurrence of contraction, its presence and enzymatic hydrolysis of it by the muscle protein myosin are not the only criteria for contraction.
In this publication measurements of interfacial angles of crystals are used to classify and identify chemical substances.
Volume 1, deals with 2991 compounds belonging to the tetragonal, hexagonal and trigonal, and orthorhombic systems;
Every calculation has been made independently by two workers and checked by one of the editors.
Part 1 in both volumes is labeled "Introduction And Tables".
The two volumes are available from the publisher for $16.80 and $28.00, respectively.
Financial grants have been received from the National Science Foundation and the (British) Institute of Physics for the compilation work and the publication costs.
Part 1, of the present edition covers the literature to mid-1948;
A second edition is in preparation, and there are long range plans for a third.
The present edition of crystal data (Af), published in 1954 as Memoir 60 of the Geological Society of America, is now out of print.
Properties:
Currency:
Within each chapter an effort has been made to group together those crystals with similar structures.
In 1915 Edward S. Dana, editor of the sixth edition, asked W. E. Ford of Yale University to prepare a seventh edition of his father's work.
W. E. Ford, for example, continued to supply data on the occurrence of minerals until his death in 1939.
Almost entirely original articles in journals;
Format:
2-5.
All crystalline substances and other solid-state materials.
In addition, the availability of computers will permit recalculation and refinement of much structural information.
Interest remained, however, in the possibility that it would serve as a useful supplementary method for counteracting spoilage losses and for preserving some foods at lower over-all costs than freezing, or without employing heat or chemicals with their attendant taste alterations.
To permit the storage of food for long periods of time, a method of preservation must accomplish the destruction of microorganisms and inhibition of enzymatic action.
Radiation does not retard the chemical spoilage of food.
For inhibiting the sprouting of root vegetables -- 4,000 to 10,000 Aj.
Of the potentially useful sources of ionizing radiations, gamma sources, cobalt-60, cesium-137, fission products, or a reactor irradiation loop system using a material such as an indium salt have received most attention for food-preservation systems.
Because agricultural activities are seasonal and the areas of production and harvest of many foods are widely scattered geographically, and because of the high cost of transporting bulk food items any substantial distance to a central processing location, the use of large central processing stations, where low-cost radiation facilities approaching the megawatt range might be utilized, is inherently impracticable.
Thus, food so processed might reach more remote markets and permit the consumer to enjoy more produce at peak freshness and palatability.
Off-flavor is a less severe problem with the radiopasteurization of meats, but problems of commercial acceptability remain.
Specialty cooked items containing meat portions, as in "frozen dinners" might offer a potential use for radiopasteurization.
Radiopasteurization by either the electron accelerator or cesium-137 source is in the range of freezing costs.
Fresh seafood products are extremely perishable.
The instrumental method, however, is about 100 times more sensitive and yields numerical results which can be accurately repeated at will over a period of time.
Here, H is the coatings removal force measured parallel to the surface of the substrate and T is the film thickness.
The details of the removal process are shown schematically in Fig. 6.
**yf is the angle the shear plane makes with the substrate;
Af is instrumentally determined.
This reduces to the relationship: Af, where Af is the intercept at zero thickness of the extrapolation of the slope indicated in eqn. (1), Af is the thickness of the coating equivalent to the rounding off of the knife tip, Af is a straight line first approximation of this roundness, and the other symbols are equivalent to those of eqn. (1).
The resultant friction force, Af is thus directly proportional to Af and consequently also to film thickness.
This is a chipping, dynamic type failure encountered with very brittle coatings resins or very highly pigmented films.
Consequently, if the shear angle **yf is replaced by the rupture angle Af, the relationships as described in eqns. (1), (2), (4), and (6) will directly apply.
another reports that a cellular polypropylene, primarily for use in wire coating applications, is being investigated.
Two other end-use areas which contributed to expandable styrene's growth during the year were packaging (molded inserts replacing complicated cardboard units) and foamed-core building panels.
by 1965, production may range from 200 to 350 million lb. for flexible and from 115 to 150 million lb. for rigid.
These are still in wide use today, particularly in semi-rigid formulations, for such applications as cores for sandwich-type structural panels, foamed-in-place insulation, automotive safety padding, arm rests, etc.
In one-shot, the isocyanate, polyester or polyether resin, catalyst, and other additives are mixed directly and a foam is produced immediately.
In flexible urethane foams, we are referring to the range between the highest and lowest temperatures under which the materials'primary performance remains functionally useful.
Where flexural strength is an important factor, be sure that your urethane foam processor is aware of it.
Basically, the foam machines that produce such stock consist of two or more pumping units, a variable mixer, a nozzle carriage assembly, and, in many cases, a conveyor belt to transport and contain the liquid during the reaction process and until it solidifies into foam.
Although slab stock appeared first, it soon became apparent that for the production of cushions with irregular shapes, crowned contours, or rounded edges, the cutting of slab stock is a wasteful and uneconomical process.
Simple systems are available that make it possible for urethane foam components to be poured, pumped, etc., into a void where they foam up to fill the void.
During the rinsing operation the volume in the tubs gradually increases until overflow from the main drain begins.
This test method is intended for determining the dimensional changes of woven or knitted fabrics, made of fibers other than wool, to be expected when the cloth is subjected to laundering procedures commonly used in the commercial laundry and the home.
A specimen or garment is washed in a cylindrical reversing wash wheel, dried and subjected to restorative forces where necessary.
The water inlets are large enough to permit filling the wheel to an eight-inch level in less than two minutes, and the outlet is large enough to permit discharge of this same amount of water in less than two minutes.
The dryer is provided with a means of maintaining a drying temperature of 120-degrees - 160-degrees-F (49*0 - 71*&0C.), measured in the exhaust vent as close as possible to the drying chamber.
tension presser -- consisting of a padded ironing board from which extend clamping members on all four sides.
The minimum diameter of the pin frame in the collapsed state is 11 inches and the maximum diameter in the freely extended state (unloaded) is 14 inches.
Generally, it is necessary to mark distances on a specimen (or garment) in both lengthwise and widthwise directions and to measure before and after laundering.
Each specimen is at least 25 inches by 25 inches.
Procedure
-- Stop the wash wheel at the end of the time shown in Column A of Table 2, and drain.
Drain off the water at such a time that the wheel has become substantially empty of water at the end of the sum of the times shown in Columns A and C, measured from the time the wash wheel was started.
Image intensifier based upon the "multipactor" principle, (D)
Resolution limitations with electrostatic focus might be anticipated due to chromatic aberrations.
Therefore, we shall consider in this paper the theoretical gain and resolution capabilities of such tubes.
The inner (anode) sphere is pierced, elongated into a cup, and terminated by the phosphor screen.
Both stages are assumed to have unity magnification.
Efficiency of fiber couplers
The angle Af is measured in the medium of index Af.
The internal losses are due to absorption and the small but finite losses suffered in the numerous internal reflections due to deviations from the prescribed, cylindrical fiber cross-section and minute imperfections of the core-jacket interface.
Thus, the efficiency **yt couplers is given by -- Af or approximately 50 percent each.
The input light distributions considered are P-11 and P-20 phosphor emission and the so-called "night light" (N.L.) as given by H.W. Babcock and J. J. Johnson.
(The P-20 input is of interest because it corresponds roughly to the light emission of conventional X-ray fluorescent screens).
Thus, in general, elementary light optical effects, light scatter, and electron scatter determine the obtainable resolution limit.
(3)
Proceeding in this way, from one to two and from two to three stages, we may gradually build up the policy for any number.
In contrast, the dynamic program produces this policy and a whole family of policies for any smaller number of stages.
It appears in a form that is admirably suited to the powers of the digital computer.
In practical situations there will be restrictions on the admissible operating conditions, and we regard the vectors as belonging to a fixed and bounded set S.
For any choice of admissible policy Af in the first stage, the state of the stream leaving this stage is given by Af.
To extract the optimal R-stage policy with respect to the feed state Af, we enter section R of this table at the state Af and find immediately from the last column the maximum value of the objective function.
This sequence of equations may be started with the remark that with no process Af there is no profit, i.e., Af.
Then Af, the maximization being over all admissible Af and the integration over the whole of stage space.
P denotes the state at any point T and Q the vector of operating variables there.
If the polarities are correct, the platform rotates in such a direction as to reduce the accelerometer output to zero.
With these factors included, an upper limit is placed on the allowable loop gain by stability considerations.
When the system is arranged for automatic leveling, the platform angles respond to any horizontal components of acceleration acting on the accelerometers.
When the system is on automatic leveling, the gyro drift is canceled by the output of the leveling system (amplifier Af).
The leveling process can be accomplished manually, and the results are as satisfactory as those obtained with automatic equipment.
The operator must continually supply the correct amount of turning current to the gyro torquers so that the effect of gyro drift is canceled.
External determination of heading -- surveying technique.
When the platform is aligned, the reflected image of the crossed hairs can be seen exactly superimposed upon the original crossed hairs.
The transit can be replaced by an autocollimator.
7-6.
If the platform is not properly headed, the X-gyro input axis will see a component of the earth's rotation.
His teacher and his school principal were conferred with and everyone agreed that, if he kept up with a certain amount of work at home, there was little danger of his losing a term.
I recommend it".
His face was fuller;
She greeted her husband's colleagues with smiling politeness, offering nothing.
He said, "Nothing".
Try to get that down".
His hands lay loosely, yet stiffly -- they were like wax hands: almost lifelike, not quite -- folded in his lap;
He did not care.
They turned at the bottom of Kate's steps and moved off in the direction of the park.
"Pardon"?
He'll be stronger soon".
He had no desire to.
She says the children miss you.
She was very worried".
She put the slipper neatly by its mate at the foot of the bed.
"Is his appetite improved"?
"Perhaps you should get out a little".
"Our objective", the colonel had said that day of the briefing, "is Papa-san".
Smiling at his quixotic thoughts, Warren turned back from the opening and lit a cigarette before sitting down.
White's suggestion flattered, but he did not like the identity.
The beaming ROK was carrying a thirty-caliber machine gun;
Remember what I said about going out to get anybody left behind?
The crude wooden boxes of the enemy, our nicely turned gray metal disks.
Because they were new men and to be sure that they didn't get lost, Prevot had placed Warren and White in the center of the patrol as it filed out.
There was no cover here, only grass sighing against pant-legs.
Somewhere over there another patrol had need of light.
The others likewise had hidden themselves in the grass and the brush.
He was aware of insistent inner beatings, as if prisoners within sought release from his rigid body.
Pierre had no hands;
"C'est formidable", they exclaimed.
I'm used to all three, but I think the French have the healthiest attitude".
Mickie sat over his second whisky-on-the-rocks in a little bar next to the funeral parlor on Pennsylvania Avenue.
This meant sorting out press clippings and the like.
He had a mean, unbroken sheer bastard in his outfit, and someone invented the name Trig for him.
The fear of punishment just didn't bother him.
The Colonel ordered that it be wiped out, and I suggested,'You ask for volunteers, and promise each man on the patrol a quart of whisky, ten dollars and a week-end pass to Davao.
The colored boy had it, and Trig lunged at him with a knife and said,'Give that to me, you black bastard.
These were heroes nine feet tall to him".
He made the decision with his eyes open, or so he thought.
More of this stamping down of human emotion as a young lawyer in New York.
The Vice President had called and asked if he could see the Secretary at his home.
Therefore, he decided he was unfair to the young man and should make an effort to understand and sympathize with his point of view.
he had to find out.
What are your weaknesses?
Congress is full of politicians, and if you want to get along with them, you have to be politic.
But Sojourner was not easily excited or upset and said quite calmly: "Let's go and see what it's like".
But it was a landmark.
And then the Amen corner took hold, re-enacting a form of group participation in worship that stemmed from years before the Greek chorus, spreading down through the African forest, overseas to the West Indies, and then here in Alabama.
He had no chance to say another word.
Wilson made up his mind that he must receive at least $2,500, but when he mentioned this to the Deacons they said nothing.
There were two liquor saloons not very far from the church, one white, that is conducted for white people with a side entrance for Negroes;
Why should a white hotel be set down in the center of Black Bottom?
He talked about it to the Presiding Elder.
It did seem impossible.
As for rebuilding, well, that might be looked into, but there was no hurry, no hurry at all.
I don't understand why a white hotel should be down here".
"It's a house of prostitution for white men with white girls as inmates.
The wages involved were larger and more regular.
The pretence was that he was delivering a prescription from Dr. Verdi.
Like the bell at Mass, the doorbell was pitched too high.
In the half darkness the banisters gleamed, and the hall seemed enormous.
He could only watch with a sort of gentle dismay while his body did these quick, appalling, and efficient things.
"Very well", Payne said.
Only afterwards did an act like that become meaningless, so that he would puzzle over it for days, whereas at the time it had seemed quite real.
He saw only dimly moving figures, but when he slashed them they yelled and fled.
"I'm mad", shouted Payne, as he ran out into the hall.
Well, one did not expect much of people like Herold.
He was sure, for he had done as he was told, hadn't he?
The audience, as usual, loved it.
She had been one of the first to collect her wits.
There was always a pause here, before the next line.
They had been sitting too long to be able to stand up easily.
Then it disappeared into the wings.
Mrs. Lincoln screamed again.
It would not give.
With a sneer, the man spread his legs and, a third time, confronted them.
Stevie could feel himself toppling.
They rode around and around to trample the figure into the sand.
Stevie"!
"Po'Chavis"!
The walls bulged, the floor trembled, the windowpanes rattled.
There was the slate roof of the church;
He crossed Broome Street to Orange Square.
Somewhere, beyond, where shadows lurked, must be the yawning pit of which Papa preached and the dreadful Lake of Fire.
Sometimes they went south and rolled past the tollhouse -- "Afternoon, Reverend"!
it troubled him that he couldn't always see what Papa saw.
I heard them!
At the end of a shaft of light, the pews appeared to be broad stairs in a long dungeon.
Open your heart to Him and pray, Stephen, pray!
He would hear the Call and would run to tell Papa.
When the skies grew dark and thunder rolled across the valley, he was unafraid.
A flash illumined the trees as a crooked bolt twigged in several directions.
After the storm, the sky cleared blue and cool, and fragrant air swept the hills.
"Someone'll tell Papa"!
He, too, cocked his cap at a jaunty angle, jingled marbles in his pocket, and swaggered down Main Street.
Fiddles screeched;
He thought of sweet wet nigger pussy.
He chuckled, the memory vivid.
His thoughts turned to other things.
He kept sayin, not me, not me, I don't wanta wind up like em.
They'll get the guys that done it.
Turn the bastards over to me -- to me and my boys -- no nigger ever got what would be comin to them -- reactionary bastards.
Not captured, sent here.
Dirty Reactionary bastards comin down here in the night and bumpin off ol Slater and those other poor bastards.
The thought came back, the one nagging at him these past four days.
the final word came forth.
Johnson.
How he loathed him.
The guy with most on the Ball.
The whole fucken sky's cavin in!
Top dog.
"Yehhh", said Coughlin, practically spitting on him.
Plenty of room there now.
It made no sense to him.
The whole fucken sky's caved in!
Is this for real?
"
I'll bet both together did.
Fuck them.
(he asked this out loud, but no one heard it over the other noise in the hut).
But Voltaire perseveres.
Immediately after dinner, however, Rousseau asks for still another favor.
Ever since he had first begun to study music and to teach it, Rousseau had dreamed of piercing through to fame as the result of a successful opera.
"Nonsense", he said.
You couldn't on the one hand decry the arts and at the same time practice them, could you?
He couldn't appear as a composer now.
Every woman has had the experience of saying no when she meant yes, and saying yes when she meant no.
But Duclos thought he saw a way out.
Imagine the honor of it!
Now, when everything was opening up to him -- even the court of Louis 15!
On the contrary, he was pleased that his face showed a neglect of several days.
"Neither better nor worse".
Rousseau asked.
But of course behind his boldness he didn't feel bold at all.
"They're a-coming!
We came down off the wall as if he had toppled all of us, and we crouched behind it.
but when he passed us by, a musket roared, and he reared his horse, swung it around, and began to whip it back in the direction from which he had come.
the passage and rhythm of time changed, and when I remember back to what happened then, each event is a separate and frozen incident.
A voice called, and what made it even more terrible and unreal was that the redcoat ranks never paused for an instant, only some of them glancing toward the stone wall, from behind which the voice came.
and then I was adding my own voice to the crescendo of sound, hurling more vile language than I ever thought I knew, sobbing and shouting, and aware that if I had passed water before, it was not enough, for my pants were soaking wet.
It may appear that we were cruel and callous, but no one had time to spend sympathizing with poor Isaac -- except the Reverend.
but Cousin Simmons said he had watched them marching west early in the morning, and moving at a much brisker pace it had still taken half an hour for their column to pass, what with the narrowness of the road and their baggage and ammunition carts.
"I learned that now", I said.
That summer the gambling houses were closed, despite the threats of Pierre Ameaux, a gaming-card manufacturer.
He finished the worship service as if there had been no brazen attempt to dishonor God and man.
Every eye was on him as he began to speak.
"There can be no compromise when souls are in jeopardy".
The blue-draped Virgin was still there, but no one knelt before her now.
The city had recently given him a small salary, but it was not enough to supply even necessities.
Below the moon-splashed world rolled away to insurmountable white peaks;
An occasional traveler from Italy brought news of Peter Robert, who was now distributing his Bible among the Waldensian peasants.
Catholics who were truly Christians longed for the simple penance of days gone by.
Eli Corault!
"Plot"?
Ever since the fourth century a controversy had raged over the person of Christ.
Furthermore, Bern decrees that we must do as we are ordered by the Council, preach only the word of God and stop meddling in politics"!
Then suddenly a group of men and dogs circled him.
"Know this: the ministers will not yield to the demands of Bern".
The crowd moved back and John started dizzily down the hill.
He recognized the gesture.
Then why was he assuming the role -- the gesture and the suffering?
Over the door was a board with large, inept lettering: home sweet home.
His heart suddenly opened to joy.
He carried the wood, carried the water, did the cooking, cleaning and mending, and occasionally got a kick in the butt for his pains.
From under the shapeless huddle of blanket the feet moved in the mud.
Adam recognized this one.
The words ran crazily in his head: Mollie the Mutton is scratching her nose in the rain.
"Oh, what's the matter with me"?
He stopped.
He had died there.
In the pity for them his loneliness was gone.
Adam nodded.
A chicken with six tits and a tail lak a corkscrew.
He dumped the pan of crumbled hardtack into the boiling pot of lobscouse.
One soft evening -- that marvelous sea-blessed time when the sun's departing warmth lingers and a smell of spume and wrack haunts everything -- Amy had picked herself off the floor and begun to walk.
soon she was parading around the house, flaunting her new skill.
"Y'all should have let me take that money out", Andrus said.
He and Irvin Moll were sipping coffee at the breakfast bar.
she was one of Eliot Sparling's neutralized minorities, adopting the rolling R's and constricted vowels of Los Angeles.
She charged off to the bedrooms.
The woman had the glassy look of an invalid, as if she had not slept at all.
The three had little to say to each other.
When the detective left, Andrus phoned his secretary to cancel his work and to advise the network to get a substitute director for his current project.
And he ignored him, skirting the parked cars and walking up the path to the Skopas house.
They answered him in monosyllables, nods, occasionally muttering in Greek to one another, awaiting the word from Papa, who restlessly cracked his knuckles, anxious to stuff himself into his white Cadillac and burst off to the freeway.
By comparison, Fritzie and Laura Andrus were quivering fledglings.
each shrub glazed with good health.
Mr. Kahler went on to explain how Hausman's fox terrier had been "making" in his flower beds.
The gas flamed up two inches high.
"Do you want to call Eugene"?
The chair creaked.
They all three had another cup of coffee.
"Sabine called a few minutes ago", Eugene said.
Mme Vienot, considerably younger and very different.
The window looked out on the Place Redoute -- it was the only window of the apartment that did.
No poetry.
Rather than sit around waiting for the suitcases to be delivered, they had gone sight-seeing.
He was wearing sneakers and shorts and an open-collared shirt, and in his hand he carried a little black bag.
They went shopping in the neighborhood, and bought two loaves of bread with the ration coupons they had been given in Blois, and some cheese, and a dozen eggs, and a bag of oranges from a peddler in the Place Redoute -- the first oranges they had seen since they landed.
"What is it"?
"I know", he said, reading her mind.
The tweed coat, maybe.
Search as he might, he could find no place where the Bible spoke of a moment when Mary could have been alone with Jesus.
He felt close to Mary, having spent so long concentrating on the beginning of her journey.
Since his Christ was to be life size, how was Mary to hold him on her lap without the relationship seeming ungainly?
When the cloth dried and stiffened, he saw what adjustments had to be made.
The men did not object to his sketching them while they went about their work, but no one could be persuaded to come to his studio to pose.
"I am carving a Pieta from white Carrara marble.
With intelligence.
He hesitated for a moment when Michelangelo asked him to disrobe, so Michelangelo gave him a piece of toweling to wrap around his loins, led him to the kitchen to take off his clothes.
Here he sketched, sitting in their flowing gowns of linen and silk, young girls not yet twenty, some about to be married, some married a year or two.
Next he turned to wax because there was a similarity of wax to marble in tactile quality and translucence.
Carving was action.
"Every day.
"Today I go see the horses".
and by the second night he was in a state of panic: he could see nothing out of the afflicted eye.
When Juanita awoke, Kate was still rocking the dead child, still crooning in disbelief, "No, no, oh, no!
She would not accept the death of such a little child.
She disciplined herself daily to do what must be done.
She loved him and missed his company.
"You're back there riding with the guerrillas, the Moccasin Rangers".
Kate had walked past the school on her morning chores and had seen the whole incident, had seen Joel's burning humiliation before Miss Snow's cold, bespectacled wrath.
of their first engagement at Falling Waters after Old Jack's First Brigade had destroyed all the rolling stock of the B & O Railroad.
Winking at Joel's look of shock.
Kate and Mrs. Tussle waited for letters anxiously.
As Kate came swiftly down the stairs to the hall she saw Colonel Marsh framed in the doorway, his face set in the same vulnerable look Juanita wore.
He has notified me that he has orders to go to Washington to take over the Army of the Potomac.
Then she took iced lemonade to Marsh's young aide where he sat in the cool of the big trees around the flower garden.
It's your decision", said Juanita, holding her face very still, trying to contain the bitterness of her voice as she enunciated her words too distinctly.
Martha Schuyler, old, slow, careful of foot, came down the great staircase, dressed in her best lace-drawn black silk, her jeweled shoe buckles held forward.
Was it a birthday ball?
He would cross to Manhattan, to Harlem Heights, before morning.
A strange wood creature came floating up from a patch of berry bushes.
The ungainly bird thing ran away, and to David its croaking sounded like the crowing of a tormented rooster.
It commanded a view over Manhattan and the harbor.
The gilt sterns of the men-of-war becoming clearer to him, the sides of the wooden sea walls alternately painted yellow and black, the bronze cannon at the ports.
The British ships rolled at anchor, sent out picket boats and waited for orders from London.
Orders not written down had to be transmitted to the local provincial government.
He stropped the razor slowly;
Things like that would increase rather than be done away with.
More and more of the colonials were wearing their own hair and not using powder.
Burly leathered men and wrinkled women in drab black rags carried on in a primitive way, almost unchanged from feudal times.
In the unfertile land in Palestine humans broke their backs pushing will power to the brink.
We all seek the same thing through different ways -- an end to this long night of two thousand years of darkness and unspeakable abuses which will continue to plague us until the Star of David flies over Zion".
They had let this black hole of death in Warsaw's heart exist without a cry of protest.
All of Poland is a coffin.
They were not Poles.
The Bathyrans ran a check on Globocnik and had only to conclude that he was in a tug of war with Hans Frank and the civilian administrators.
The Death's-Head Corps took in Ukrainian and Baltic Auxiliaries, and the Einsatzkommandos waded knee-deep in blood and turned into drunken, dope-ridden maniacs.
His watch told him he was still early.
Styka studied his captain.
I got a girl in trouble and we had to get married.
"Were you able to make the arrangements"?
"Captain Jan must you go inside Majdanek?
"I am only a simple soldier.
"Since the war I have seen the way the Germans have behaved and I think, Holy Mother, we have behaved like this for hundreds of years.
But now I think I hate it very much".
Half of it dripped down his chin.
I don't know if I can get you into the inner camp.
Andrei peeled off five one-thousand-zloty notes.
"Nothing's free in the whole goddam world", was all I could think of to say.
It was the same old routine.
There was a man's jacket on the chair and a straw hat on the table.
I'll just tell him you're my husband.
Never in my life have I felt so remorseful about anything I've done as I did about spending that night with my own wife.
Brown eyes, eyebrow mustache.
Eileen was a psychologist all right.
She never said a word about the fifty dollars.
He slept in the hall bedroom at the head of the stairs.
He was smooth and civil spoken but it seemed to me there was something tough under his selfeffacing manner.
He got no relief from drink because, though sometimes Precious would buy himself a drink if he went out with us in the evening, he'd leave it on the table untouched.
Eileen must have wheedled a little out of Precious.
The O'Dwyers were real religious people except for Kate.
Greatest thing that ever happened.
They weren't as well paid as they should have been.
No matter how devoted a man was, no matter how fully he gave his life to the Lord, he could never extinguish that one spark of pride that gave him definition as an individual.
His first move was to send Hino to the village to spend a few days.
If he wanted to know anything, he would end up asking about it point-blank, but in this guileless manner he would probably receive more truthful answers than if he tried to get them by indirection.
He had gone into the Japanese navy, had been trained as an officer, had participated in one or two battles -- he never went into detail regarding his military experience -- and at the age of twenty-five, quite as a bolt out of the blue, he had walked into the mission as if he belonged here and had become a Christian.
"Oh"?
"I beg to inquire if the back is now safe for travelers", he said.
When he had given the call a few moments thought, he went into the kitchen to ask Mrs. Yamata to prepare tea and sushi for the visitors, using the formal English china and the silver tea service which had been donated to the mission, then he went outside to inspect the grounds.
"I would like to enact a little tableau this afternoon", Rector said, He explained about the visit and the effect he wished to create, the picture of a very busy mission.
"No, only fourteen.
"I think I've fixed the pump so we won't have to worry about it for a long time", he said.
Konishi can help you.
He was not going to lose the mission by default, and whatever reason Kayabashi had for bringing his little sight-seeing group to the mission, he was going to be in for a surprise.
She was told by the manservant who opened the door that his lordship was engaged on work from which he had left strict orders he was not to be disturbed.
She concluded by asking for a brief interview -- "to settle with you where" -- and she threw in a tribute to his "gentle manners" and "the wild originality of your countenance".
There have been cooing doves, chattering magpies, thieving jackdaws, a proud peacock, a silly goose, and a harpy eagle -- whom I was silly enough to mate with and who is now busy tearing at my vitals".
Charming and peaceful -- but what were charm and peace compared to high adventure?
With his club foot he might well be grateful.
A cold supper was ordered and a bottle of port.
Byron laughed.
No man ever had a better opinion of himself and indeed, with one so favored, flattery could hardly seem overdone.
She sprang up and went swiftly to the bedroom.
"If he would only leave the East", said Mary.
William, he was called, in honor of the man who was at once Shelley's pensioner and his most bitter detractor.
"You have made the labor worth while", he said to her, smiling.
Not everyone is bewitched by Byron's caliphs and harem beauties".
For the moment there was no woman in his life, and it was this vacuum that had given Claire her opportunity.
-- Fetch me the copies of everything B and C companies have requisitioned in the last six months.
Below he could see the bright torches lighting the riverbank.
At least the Union officer had been decent enough to provide a candle.
Watson had presented his pouch and been led to the bombproof.
Perhaps it would be better to speak to him, since silence could not exorcise his form.
He paced slowly, stooping, staring at the damp, slippery floor.
Hillman had written it all out, hadn't he?
The soldier's voice was muffled again, stricken with chagrin.
They were stocky men, well fed and clean-shaven, with neat uniforms and sturdy boots.
In a confused, soaked and stumbling shift of bodies and lifting arms, the two men were dragged into the same skiff.
The guards did not look at him.
Still the guards did not move, but stood inert, aloof from the slow-scrambling man.
The guards lowered their rifles and their rifles and peered at Watson with sullen, puzzled faces.
But you ain't Henry.
You Secesh?
The man wheezed weakly, his fetid breath beating softly against Watson's neck.
He heard the patient voice calling.
What do you do to them?
John's type of man allowed this sort of thing to happen.
What made him think John had a right to witness his brother's humiliation?
Now he knew perfectly that he had but longed to increase his own suffering.
Offer her a cup of tea and she would say, "Why, these cups look just like a set I gave to the Salvation Army last year".
It all began on an autumn afternoon -- and who, after all these centuries, can describe the fineness of an autumn day?
Charity as she knew it was complex and reciprocal, and almost every roof she saw signified charity.
Her mother had done it before her, and even her old grandmother, who had collected money for smallpox and unwed mothers.
"But I don't know the Flannagans", Charlie Pastern said.
She took a good look at herself in the mirror before she turned and, walking with very small steps, started toward the door.
Travelling home on a late train?
"
Planes made her feel faint, and in Tokyo, where she had gone that summer, she had been given raw fish for breakfast and so she had come straight home.
It serves merely as an excess cushion for the rest of the carcass.
On ships at sea, on railroad trains, in summer hotels with mountain views, they always said, "I've never done this before".
"Throw a little nuclear hardware at them!
During the summer he had tried to repair some of his losses at the track, and the bare trees reminded him that his pari-mutuel tickets would still be lying, like leaves, in the gutters near Belmont and Saratoga.
She turned and walked stiffly into the parlor to the dainty-legged escritoire, warped and cracked now from fifty years in an atmosphere of sea spray.
Then she went back to the wicker chair and resolutely adjusted her eyes to the glare on the water.
She glinted suspiciously at the dish before her: "blowfish.
Then Angelina turned and with an easy grace walked toward the kitchen.
She swung her eyes up to the blue of the window, her jaws gently mashing the bitter beans.
Each successive movement in his growing was recorded on the unreeling film inside her.
That is what childhood is, he told himself.
Not until the words had been spoken did Abel suddenly see the old house and the insistent sea, and feel his contrition blotted out in one shameful moment of covetousness.
But Myra wouldn't budge without an express invitation.
He turned from the flying trees to look ahead and saw with an inward boy's eye again the great fieldstone house which, built on one of the many acres of ancestral land bordering the west harbor, had been Izaak's bride-gift to his cousin-wife as the last century ended.
The Starbird had been long at the bottom of the bay.
I didn't hurry though it was cold and the Pedersen kid was in the kitchen.
I knew better.
It was better, though, he'd hit me.
He was tasting his mouth.
He was just lying there.
"I goddamn well understand.
Pedersen.
"A fat hell on Big Hans.
Pa'd been shit-sick in that pot.
"Ain't he going to wake up"?
"He said a fat hell on Big Hans".
If I don't get some whisky down him he might die.
All he cares about is his whisky and that dry crack in his face.
Ma never went near the old man when he was sleeping it off.
"I'll get more snow", I said.
Now Hans had given Ma something of his -- we both had when we thought she was going straight to Pa -- something valuable;
Pa was sure to find out.
Hans poured some in a tumbler.
Colors on the towels had run.
"O.K., I'm lifting".
He'll choke".
"Now he'll choke for sure".
He had lived for almost thirty years in this same stone farmhouse with the same wife, a remarkably childish thing in itself;
It all seemed -- if one could have peeked in at him through one of his windows -- as though this broken-nosed man with the muscular arms and wrestler's neck was merely the caretaker trying his hand at the boss's work.
Finding the key under his shoe, he started the engine, and while it warmed up he turned to her standing there in the dripping fog, and said, "Defrost the refrigerator".
There was an air of blindness in her gray eyes, the startled-horse look that ultimately comes to some women who are born at the end of an ancestral line long since divorced from money-making and which, besides, has kept its estate intact.
She had begun to turn back toward the house, but his look caught her and she stood still, waiting there for what his expression indicated would be a serious word of farewell.
and finally, the best part of all, simply sit at the plank table in the kitchen with a bottle of wine and the newspapers, reading the ads as well as the news, registering nothing on her mind but letting her soul suspend itself above all wishing and desire.
But yes, nineteen plus thirty was forty-nine, and she was forty-nine and she had been married at nineteen.
She had made curtains for all the windows of her little house, and she had kept it spotless and neat, shabby as it was, and cooked good meals for Bobby Joe.
She lay still on the bed, her head hardly denting the pillow;
The older men would be there at noon, and maybe rest for a time before they took their guns off to the creek or drove down the road towards town.
It was a Cadillac, black grayed with the dust of the road, its windows closed tight so you knew that the people who climbed out of it would be cool and unwrinkled.
"We were on our vacation in Canada", Howard explained, in a muffled voice that must have been used to booming, "and the news didn't catch up with us till we were nearly home.
"Oh that's Linda Kay", Mama Albright said fondly.
"Who is Howard, anyway"?
He's just a big windbag".
"Hell, I don't know.
It was easy to see that they were made for each other, and they knew what they wanted.
Bobby Joe was trying to get Linda Kay to say she would cook one if he brought it home.
Every night they all went to Mama and Papa Albright's, and sat on the open front porch, where they could get the breeze.
Linda Kay felt that she was not exactly more comfortable.
"That will have to be in the hotel", the doctor retorted, confirming Alex's anticipations.
"It's been going since 1908 when I was a junior in college.
The market was not far and, once there, the doctor's sense of immediacy left him and he fell into a state of harmony with the birds around him.
The doctor was wearing a long New England greatcoat, hardly necessary in the June weather but a garment which proved well adapted to the sequestration of hens.
Eyes swerved in the patronne's head, Alex coughed loudly, and the doctor, with a sforzando of chicken noises floating behind him, took to the stairs in long-shanked leaps.
Time elapsed but the doctor was obviously unconscious of its passage until an unwelcome knock on the door interrupted the processes of nature.
The doctor's mind was working at a great speed;
The doctor sat down rather wearily, caressing the hen and remarking that the city was not the place for a poultry-loving man, but no sooner was the remark out than a knock at this door obliged him to cover the hen with his greatcoat once more.
unwarranted they were in any case for, as he stood facing the fille de chambre, his ears were assailed by new sounds from the interior of the shower room.
"Chickens have short memories", the doctor remarked, "that's why they are better company than most people I know", and he went on to break some important news to Alex.
Her legs hung down long and thin as she sat on the high stool.
"If I catch you one more time down here without stockings" --
"I guess I better get ready to go".
Said you wore yourself out, cleaning all these empty rooms".
All the time in the world.
"How you going to work with a child hanging on you"?
It was Mr. Jack, bellowing out in the hall.
he brushed his shoulders and his back and his collar with long, firm strokes.
"Good-by, Winston", Mr. Jack said, giving a final set to his hat.
He knew the house like a blind man, through his fingers, and he did not like to think of all the time and rags and polishes he had spent on keeping it up.
In a week the hyacinths would spike out.
the snail is pulling in her horns.
sometimes when he was pressing, Winston raised her dresses to his face.
"At least you could leave it for the movers", Miss Ada said.
"Really, Winston.
You mean picture of me"?
"Is that a compliment"?
"Darling, I love that photograph.
Then Miss Ada had stood up, rustling and rustling, and gone upstairs.
My memory has catalogued for easy reference and withdrawal the image of her pink, scented stationery and the unsloped, almost printed configurations of her neat, studious handwriting with which she invited me to recall our summer, so many sentences beginning with "Remember when;
As it turned out, Jessica took matters into her own hands.
The kiss outraged our friends but it was done and meanwhile had released in me all the remote, exciting premonitions of lust, all the mysterious sensations that I had imagined a truly consummated kiss would convey to me.
Should I bring along a corsage or send one to her?
In December I wrote her with authority that we would meet on the steps of the Hotel Astor, a rendezvous spot that I had learned was the most sophisticated.
The night was cold but the crowd kept one warm.
I looked over their faces and felt a twinge: they all looked so much more knowing than I.
Suppose at this very moment her father was calling my house in an effort to cancel the plans?
I suddenly thought of Mary Jane Brennan, the way her pretty eyes could flash with anger, her quiet competence, the gentleness and sweetness that lay just beneath the surface of her defenses.
I asked.
I'm interested in every patient I've helped take care of.
We keep getting the same ones back again and again.
"That's what I mean about you, Anderson", she said.
"Do you have a boy friend"?
"I don't know what I'd do without my family.
I don't think he'd mind too much if he were sure you'd decided not to be a rumdum in the future".
"Yes, I'll get one overnight a month".
It was a fantastic story.
It was a bad play, real grade-A turkey, which only a prevalence of angels with grandiose dreams of capital gain and tax money to burn could have put into rehearsal.
I felt lonely and depressed as I packed my bags at the Croydon Hotel.
"All right", I said.
"You'll send the Rolls-Royce, of course"?
He asked.
He gave me a ticket on the agency car and parked it.
I always keep a set in the car.
I waited a solid two hours before my man came out of the office building.
"Okay", I told him.
"You're going to be a regular.
I made time and picked him up within ten blocks.
My quarry was in the apartment house for two hours.
My man came out an hour later, drove to the beach, turned right and after half a mile went to the Swim and Tan Motel.
I could have written anything.
I asked.
I put a small electric amplifier against the wall on the side I wanted to case.
I got in the car, drove down to the drive-in and ordered a couple of hamburgers with everything included, a cup of coffee and the fastest service possible.
"I'll be here at ten-fifty-five", I said.
She wanted to hang around while I was eating.
"Good figures should be kept in hand", she said, and walked away with an exaggerated wiggle.
The thin man waved the gun again.
She decided to risk it.
Keeping her frightened gaze on the men at the counter, she began to feel her way to the door.
I'm sending you a couple of customers -- yeah -- just get them out of my hair and keep them out -- I don't give a damn what you tell them -- only don't believe a word they say -- they're out to make trouble for me and it is up to you to stop them -- I don't care how -- and one more thing -- Cate's Cafe closed at eleven like always last night and Rose and Clarence Corsi left for Quebec yesterday -- some shrine or other -- I think it was called Saint Simon's -- yeah, yesterday.
She musta been walking in her sleep -- you seen her yourself in here".
He knew Vince Steiner was one of those men who had to work up a fury once in a while just to prove how dangerous he could be.
Once he said, "Why'n hell didn't you look in the back seat of the car before you drove off?
"I know".
"You and Barney get her over to Rose's before it gets too light.
I ain't no baby sitter".
Impatiently.
Was it because she had shown panic?
She blew her nose on a tissue and opened the coke bottle.
Lauren said, "Why can't I call my home?
How could he be kind one moment and cruel the next?
Her mother and father, for instance.
Somewhere birds were sweetly calling, were answered.
The car door crashed shut.
He said, "I'm not going to leave my wife and my car out here in sight of those" --
Do you know where it might have gone"?
I wonder if one of you gentlemen could drive me back to town?
In seconds all four cars were out of sight.
There were many more between here and Jarrodsville.
As he approached the first farmhouse, thunder sounded behind him again, closer now and louder, like a steadily advancing drum corps.
The drums of thunder were right behind him now.
He was trapped on the road when he heard the sound of an approaching car.
Then there was another sound.
As the two cars roared by, there was a high-pitched eerie, nerve-shattering sound.
Back East the more affluent juvenile delinquents, who could afford hyped-up autos instead of switch blades as lethal weapons, played this same game and called it "Chicken".
He splashed on, mud sucking at his feet with each step, until he reached the end of the drainage ditch and the beginning of the fence that enclosed the farm.
He had to reach Admassy's place.
If he backed against the fence, one of the cars would brush him as it passed, and he would be cruelly lacerated by the wire.
In a fraction of a second the pickup truck hurtled by on the other side.
There was a new sound, a sound as piercing as the Rebel yell, yet different.
But there wasn't no use in me staying there.
Then he turned the telephone over to Rourke, and went into the bedroom to change his slippers for dry socks and shoes.
I'll be there".
"It's parked in front".
In Rourke's car, Shayne drove east to Biscayne Boulevard and north toward Felice Perrin's address which had been given to him by the Peralta governess.
I think her husband strongly suspects so, and that's why he called me in on the thing in direct defiance of his confederates and almost certainly without telling them why he was doing so.
Shayne noted idly that it carried Miami Beach license plates as he approached, and then saw the flare of a match in the front seat as they passed, indicating that it was occupied.
"Did you see the car parked across the street"?
"Wait a minute, Mike.
I may be wrong.
"The things you talk me into, Mike.
I made them show me their identification before I could be persuaded not to call on Felice Perrin".
He said in a low voice, "I've got a date with a lady, Mister.
Shayne strode out blithely, and Rourke checked his watch and sipped his drink, getting a dime ready to make the telephone call to the police.
Shayne stepped back to let him slump to the ground, and then dived over him through the open door into Harris who was cursing loudly and trying to drag a gun from a shoulder holster, somewhat impeded by the steering wheel.
Said they'd have a patrol car here fast.
There were two front rooms, both dark behind their transoms, and there was no sound or light in the entire house to indicate that any of the occupants were awake.
He tumbled with Roberts, helpless and in agony, over and over, down the steps.
The pain dulled as he moved, and he steadied inside.
"Or would it be easier if I put my hands in my pockets"?
The kick came, sudden and vicious but short.
They were in the center of the lobby now.
He couldn't feel any.
By then they could never catch up with the others.
Roberts was a wastrel.
He found the key to the Jeep, got it started and warmed it up for five minutes.
It snowed continuously, but quietly, evenly.
Twice he nearly fell.
It was a relief to get rid of the weight.
It wasn't cold enough in the tunnel to preserve the body intact.
He replaced the flashlight where it had been stowed, got into his own car and backed it out of the garage.
"I'm not exactly jumping up and down with enthusiasm.
He explained the background of the case, ending with the tenuous clue which had brought him to Gulf Springs.
The editor says that marriages may be made in heaven, but weddings are made in Mrs. Calhoun's columns.
Tracking down Mrs. Calhoun was like trying to catch up with Paul Revere between Lexington and Concord.
First bride like that I've seen in twenty-five years".
"I think they moved away shortly after they were married.
"Come on, let's hurry down before they lock up for the day".
"Now don't shut this door.
"I'll leave the air conditioner on for you, Mr. Ferrell", said Hirey.
Last year's volume was at the top a couple of inches below the ceiling.
The one line on the bride said she was Miss Lisa Carmody from Baton Rouge.
For the next hour he scrambled happily up and down the ladder, sharing the excitement of reporters who had seen McKinley's assassination, the Iroquois Theater fire in Chicago, and the Hall-Mills trial.
The light shining through the grille dimly illumined the office beyond -- enough for him to see there was no one there.
To come back later and kill him after the stores had closed around the square and everybody had left?
"I take a little time to think it over".
I don't want no trouble, you don't want no trouble, nobody wants trouble, Mr. Skyros".
"This deal with the ace o'spades.
"Look, my friend", he said, "in my life I learn, how is it the proverb says, better an ounce of prevention to a pound of cure.
Angelo gave him an affectionate smile.
The sweat broke out on Mr. Skyros'forehead as he realized he had been actually thinking -- hoping -- planning -- perhaps --
It's awkward, you see that, isn't it"?
"And you know, Angelo, Pretty, he always keeps it a strict cash basis, like they say" --
This is awkward for everybody, isn't it, we all got to put up with inconvenience sometimes.
Katya Roslev, who would be Katharine Ross so very soon now, rang up her first sale of the day and counted back the change.
Never have to.
A better life.
She was listening to other voices, out of the future.
He left a note propped on the desk asking her to call him sometime today, and drove home.
I wonder if the Carters would take one.
"I've got to get busy.
"Oh.
It's silly, childish, running after them like that.
She had lost a bottle of opium -- but that was on the trip from New Orleans.
Then somebody else?
Added to the argument was the fact that while she might have tasted the coffee if it had been still hot, she might even have drunk some of it, she wouldn't have taken enough to kill her, for she would have been warned by its taste.
Rev didn't need to break the wax seal, read the contract and find out.
"Too much work this morning, Miss Sarah -- everybody gone like that" --
Glendora flapped away.
She doled out what Glendora vaguely guessed were the right amounts of dried peas, eggs, cornmeal, a little salt.
She stood for a moment, rain dripping from the trees over her head, thinking of Maude.
She started back for the house, saw a light in the office, opened the door and surprised a domestic little scene which was far outside the dark realm of murder or attempted murder.
George didn't look up at all.
George poised with the tack hammer, the homely, everyday atmosphere, all denied an attempt at murder.
As she reached the kitchen door the answer presented itself;
Again the homely, everyday details of daily living refuted a vicious attempt to frighten her -- or to murder her.
You might try looking into his wife too.
"I think so.
Also, it's just possible she might know something about Mrs. Gilborn".
He wondered how long it would be before they had a signed confession from Lionel Black.
Mainly of what Conrad had tried to make him believe.
It was so.
He could not consider it now.
There was no evidence that anything was different than it had been.
Where there is a left-hand entry in the ledger, there is a right-hand one, he remembered from his school days.
Kitti would lie in it no more.
In the street, walking as quickly as he could, Stanley Gilborn was a lone figure.
And now she was feeling sick, both from concern about Stanley and hunger.
She had invited him in for coffee.
The morning he walked in to announce to her, blushing, that he was married.
It was to be expected that Stanley would be shy, slow in taking such a momentous step.
Kitti was thirty years younger than Stanley, taller than Stanley, prettier than Stanley had any right to hope for, much less expect.
Blanche knew something must be causing Stanley's new, strange behavior but she never once connected it with Kitti Walker.
Those ten days were like no others that Blanche had known.
He was moving like a ballet dancer, playing for laughs.
The M.E.'s boys had finished their on-the-spot examination and the body had been removed for autopsy.
You find your house a focus of public and police attention.
"Go on in", he says.
Our man stopped dead and glowered at Felix.
He wasn't a dwarf but he was a bit of a comic figure.
Eventually he subsided.
"Bully for you", Gibby said.
"We", Gibby announced, "are not philosophers.
Come right along.
"Grubb", Felix whispered.
Edmund, but not for years.
The killer, if in our present group, would certainly be interested in knowing that much, and even though with the fingerprint evidence what it was I could see no way he could use this bit of information to improve on his situation, there might always be some way.
Starting with the room completely blacked out, as it was when we came in, he unerringly fixed things so that the whole place was bathed in the maximum of light without at any point admitting even so much as a crack of glare.
Supplies of sheet metal were neatly stacked in bins.
He was dozing, perhaps the only sleep he'd gotten.
"I suppose.
they had nothing to give to each other.
He asked if there was anything he could do.
They surged around him, fingers pointing, eyes prying.
Andy couldn't help but be touched.
Skolman isn't going to like it much, though, giving away what he should be selling".
Motion picture cameras had been installed to film the audience, the reservation list was being checked out name by name, and a special detail was already at work in the parking lot scrutinizing automobiles for a possible lead.
You think somebody is going to stand up in the audience and make guilty faces?
he had to cling to routine, tested procedures.
Thornburg popped in to advise, "Andy, Skolman's sending up smoke signals.
Hub, you stick by the stage door.
The act, cut to shreds and hastily patched together during the afternoon, had not been rehearsed sufficiently by anyone.
Yet Andy plowed ahead, mouthing the inconsequential words as if they possessed real meaning, and gradually his listeners warmed to him.
He drew a deep breath.
For the first time in his life he forgot the lyrics midway through and had to cover up by humming the rest.
"My God".
"Sure, Andy, it'll be all right.
Andy nodded dully.
He caught up with the old man in the living room.
They've found some sort of new evidence, a bundle of clothes or something, and it must link the kid even stronger to the crime.
Young Mrs. Arthur had opened the oven and there was a drifting odor of hot biscuits.
She smoothed the skirt, sat down, then stood up and went back to the windows.
I need someone to go out and find out what's happening".
They found some clothes", she tossed in.
She slapped the receiver into its holder and stepped away.
He got into the car.
She was going to keep on scheming, poking, prodding, suggesting, and dictating until the cops got up enough interest in him to go back to their old neighborhood and ask questions.
Well, it hadn't been what it seemed, he'd had no idea the girl was in there.
Mae was his wife.
There was really no place to go, finally, except home to Mae.
He could throw himself on the mercy of the Police Department.
Hand in hand with hope went things like terror and apprehension.
She stood there, watching Holden come in, and she put the piece of toast in her mouth and bit off one corner with a huge chomp of her white teeth.
"I've been looking for them, and they're gone.
Well, I'm not sure of the color.
Tell them the truth or something before they come here".
Men blew dust on objects in a room on the seventeenth floor of the Hotel Dumont and blew it off again, and did the same in a tiny, almost airless room in a tenement in the West Forties.
It would take time;
Check the overnighters out.
The sniper, whether psychopathic marksman or murderer by intent, would hardly have walked to his vantage point with rifle over shoulder, whistling a marching tune.
A combo was staying there.
No oil.
The house was modern, large, on five acres.
The Norths;
Willings would ambush, certainly;
Nobody in his right mind punishes a quarter-century-old dereliction.
(Check on the Payne luggage.
She was young, but not that young.
The boy had, apparently -- if Mrs. MacReady was right in what she had told Mullins -- only in recent months been forced to give up college, to work as a busboy.
Which probably would turn out to be true;
Bill Weigand was good and tired of the wall opposite, and the crack in the plaster.
But at this the one too-large cat suddenly became two cats, stretching.
After a time, it occurred to her that her thoughts were not worth the trouble.
Some people have luck and some have no luck and that, whatever people who prefer order say, is the size of it.
Yes, this is she?
"Call this a cry for help", Faith Constable said.
"Yeah.
"He's just heard from the pathologist who says Mrs. Meeker apparently died from suffocation".
"That's about it.
Madden, with his investigation centered on the fraud, said that tomorrow he would go to the Bronx bank through which Mrs. Meeker's checks to Johnston had cleared.
Madden explained that he was thinking of an application sent directly to Mrs. Meeker.
that Mrs. Garth would be impeccably suitable as the wife of a rising young lawyer;
"Fairly recent", he remarked.
Most of them this past year, I'd say.
Two millions were added to what had been set aside for it in Mrs. Meeker's lifetime, and the proviso made that as long as Brian Thayer continued to discharge his duties as administrator of the fund to the satisfaction of the board of trustees (hereinafter appointed by the bank administering the estate) he was to be retained in his present capacity at a salary commensurate with the increased responsibilities enlargement of the fund would entail.
Mrs. Meeker hadn't got around to taking care of that.
"This one came a bit high at thirty thousand or more.
His expenses ran another four or five thousand.
Motive?
Done by a professional decorator, Madden thought, and somehow as impersonal, as unremarkable as its occupant.
"It's all I think about, too.
Where is he"?
Griffith looked at him suspiciously through red-rimmed eyes.
"I was hit -- knocked out.
"Nevertheless it's true".
Mahzeer's office".
"And you know I can do it".
At the top a uniformed officer blocked further progress.
Griffith looked half-crocked to the captain;
Docherty was damned if he would make a fool of himself again the way he had earlier over the laundry truck.
He was unwilling to rely on Griffith's carrying his message, and he had no confidence the police would act on it.
Wide windows with many small leaded panes swept across the upper stories.
Mahzeer would direct the prime minister's attention to something out the window and would guide him forward and then step to one side.
Muller's would have to be one of the half dozen almost directly opposite.
the room's occupants were still seated or they had been called into the hallway by an alarmed police captain.
On one wall was the brass front of a row of mailboxes;
He opened the inner door;
He realized now he had more than half hoped he wouldn't find him -- that Muller would not be here, that the attempt would be scheduled for somewhere beyond Hoag's control.
Muller, nakedly exposed at the bright window like a deer pinned in a car's headlights, threw down the rifle and turned to jump from the table;
It was more a matter of tact, and also it was none of Killpath's goddam business.
But leave me alone.
Gun waited.
Gun cleared his throat.
"Now, now, you're just guessing, Sergeant".
his foot slipped off the chair and he put it back again, frowning now.
A car pulled into the driveway outside the window.
"Patrolman Accacia is an alert and conscientious law-enforcement officer.
Gun stiffened, his hands balling into fists at his sides.
He stood up, cocked his head and eyed Gun coldly.
He could pick up another pack on his way home, if he were going home.
Language was no problem anyway;
He shrugged.
She had grown up with young Jenkins, and he had heard that they had been at the point of getting married at least twice.
We're going to get married.
"I'll get my references in order", Needham said, and though he spoke with a smile, Casey somehow got the idea that he was not particularly amused.
Only then, when his glance focused on the divan and saw that it was empty, did he remember his earlier problem.
For another second or two he gave in to the annoyance that was directed at himself;
How can I find him?
Casey heard the voice distinctly and he knew who it was, but it took him a while to make the mental readjustment and control the disturbance inside his head.
"So"?
I took it.
As soon as he could think logically again he reached for the telephone directory and found Jerry Burton's home number.
He didn't.
You don't know me but I know you.
He was in his car with his camera and equipment bag in less than two minutes, and it took him only three more to reach the corner, a block from Columbus Avenue.
"Pretty quick", she replied.
Nick wondered if Elaine had bought them, but he said nothing.
The pilot had been good.
She threw back a cushion over one of the seats, unlocked a padlock on the chest beneath it, then presently straightened, holding a long knife and a wicked looking spear gun in her hand.
Nick asked, apprehensively, staring at the weapon.
Alfredo certainly must have enjoyed being alone.
A couple couldn't even find a secluded spot anywhere on a beach to neck nowadays without someone swooping down upon them.
He couldn't skindive, he couldn't run a boat, except on the open sea.
Pulling off her face mask, she carefully placed the spear gun across the stern, then lifted her wet hair from her back and squeezed out the water.
"Kee-reist"!
She had caught the implication of the oath.
Elaine turned and started toward the companionway.
The wide flippers on Poet's feet gave his legs incredible power, driving the two of them down into the water as they rolled over and over.
A black, snake-like object swayed eerily in front of him, spewing bubbles from its flat cobra head.
Harbor Point sticks out into the ocean like the fat neck of a steamer clam.
Proves a college education pays off".
Also, it's far too early in the day for corny lines like the bigger they come You've had your gassy lecture, let's get to work.
"About nine this morning Mrs. Buck phones me she's having trouble with one of her farm hands -- money trouble.
But she didn't sound real alarmed you know, like there was any immediate danger.
"Julia had -- has -- an old Indian woman cooking for her -- Nellie Harris.
But there's no way off the Point except through my road block.
Chief Moore shook his big head, seemed lost in thought as he stared at the nude body.
Got a heck of a buy on this, dirt cheap".
The old gal stared at me with her hard eyes, said, "She didn't call.
I drummed on the kitchen table with my pencil.
There didn't seem to be any signs of a struggle.
Mrs. Williams was both sullen and frightened.
He never in his life took a hand to a woman or"
Moore said, "Come on, Jed, I have to get to my men".
Chief Moore said, "If I don't see you when I return, see you for certain at my road block, Inspector".
I dropped into the doctor's office, picked up my forms.
I never saw him so anxious before", I said, lighting my pipe and offering her a cigarette.
"Why not?
The hotel people will have scoured and vacuumed it.
"Cheerful way to spend an evening"!
Two weeks ago she had gone west to Pearson City.
No one saw Stacy leave.
The Hotel Westmore proved to be one of the older hotels in Pearson City, and definitely second-rate.
Alec's glance went to a chart of guest names and room numbers hanging on the wall behind the clerk.
"Anything wrong with the plumbing in 1105"?
"It's just that -- well, 1105 is being redecorated".
"Front!
The room was dark but a neon sign flashed and faded beyond the window.
Alec played the part of an innocent tourist.
Then, "I'm not talking.
Women didn't use white face powder nowadays, he recalled.
Yet suddenly he was wide-awake.
A monstrous shadow fell across the illuminated wall, distorted and indefinable.
Before he could snap it on, a stinging blow caught him in the ribs.
Again he groped for the light switch.
But he was surprised to meet it here.
His eyes were dazed.
The man opened his mouth wider.
Without a tremor, "God forbid"!
And isn't it true that you get a deeper perception about a man and his motives when you know what it is he knows?
Even people.
Today Dogtown is the only deserted village in all New England that I know of.
) Even I can remember nothing but ruined cellars and tumbled pillars, and nobody has lived there in the memory of any living man.
They are?
Pretty girls among them, with blonde hair and pert faces.
But you've got to know both.
Too many outside manners, to my taste.
Fortunately we were alone in the building -- so few people nowadays are interested even in their own past or in the lovely craft of other days -- for they began to abuse each other in the foulest language.
Both men knew it was in the Norberg family holdings, but to which of the cousins did it belong, Anta or Freya?
Not that I intentionally go unperceived, but the boulders up there are very high and I am a small woman.
Yet with all this knowledge I had nothing of substance to unravel our case, as you would call it, till yesterday.
Anyhow, I wasn't surprised, early that morning, to see Handley himself crossing from Dogtown Common Road to the Back Road.
Eyes that were clear, but also bright with a strange intensity, a sort of cold fire burning behind them.
Actually, he regretted having opened his mouth when the truck came to a stop and the angry driver jumped down from the cab and walked back toward them.
Phil usually went alone and kept to himself, sitting in a corner and passing the time by nursing his favorite grudges.
"I think you aren't taking me seriously, Phil.
Maybe it would be better to humor the guy and then make an exit.
It will take a little time.
Haney watched the small but wiry man slip out the door quickly and silently, and felt relieved to see that nobody else seemed to notice his departure.
Coming home from work, he was startled to see a police car parked in front of the apartment building.
After a while he began to feel better about it, especially when no one bothered to ask any questions.
However, Haney knew it was not a dream.
He looked up with bloodshot eyes and beheld the stranger sitting across the table, smiling a secret smile at him, as if they were fellow conspirators.
He made the mistake of answering in an offhand way, and instantly realized that his skepticism must have showed in his face or voice.
Haney scowled.
I came out here to retire.
"But it's just that -- well, you know.
Let me prove it, Phil.
Jist stay where you are".
"Listen, I got a buddy I travel with, real nice guy named Larry.
"Git over by the window while there's light, an'I'll put th'candle out.
I was reminded, amusedly, by a poem of Kenneth Patchen's called The Murder of Two Men by a Young Kid Wearing Lemon Colored Gloves, which Patchen himself read on a record against jazz background.
He seemed as drunk as when I'd first talked to him, but no drunker.
I reached my hand toward him to put it inside his shirt to feel for a heartbeat, but Charlie said "Wait"!
it made sense.
It's a more natural position".
Now, first question: the bottles.
"I've been careful about fingerprints.
Let's do that".
Winsett is a quiet street with no taverns and was completely deserted at that hour.
But we were really going to do it.
I'd brought along the virgin pint from last night, but we were going to kill that only when we were through talking.
"Wait a minute, Charlie", I said.
"Solid", I said.
Well -- in that case, I take off tomorrow morning for Frisco.
there was no Martian concept to match it -- unless one took "church" and "worship" and "God" and "congregation" and many other words and equated them to the totality of the only world he had known during growing-waiting then forced the concept back into English in that phrase which had been rejected (by each differently) by Jubal, by Mahmoud, by Digby.
"Hi"!
he wanted to explain his new grokking.
I'll switch on the floods".
"Okay, take the tray.
"It is Mars".
I have helped him.
Mr. Booker T. W. Jones Food Technician First Class is not sad;
"I was lonely always".
Yes indeed.
As they merged, grokking together, Mike said softly and triumphantly: "Thou art God".
The Old Ones neither helped nor hindered this plan;
A funeral parlor chain was indicted for price-cutting.
Now that Short is Supreme Bishop he'll do all right, he can't help it.
The Martians have their own setup, different from ours, and as long as they need him, we can't touch him.
Get Happy, junior"!
Jubal couldn't reconstruct the crime from the way the girls behaved because patterns kept shifting -- ABC vs D, then BCD vs A or AB vs CD, or AD vs CB, through all ways that four women can gang up on each other.
"But the third ship came back several years ago and reported"
Macneff smiled and said, "I am glad that your scriptural lessons have left such an impression".
He was the dormitory gapt when I went to college and thought I was getting away from him.
Perhaps, even, though this is too much to wish, find the Forerunner himself"?
We have considered several of your professionals because they were lamechians and above suspicion.
And, if a man is married, he will automatically be given a divorce".
It was night on this hemisphere, but the light blazed from the megalopolises of Australia, Japan, China, Southeast Asia, India, Siberia.
So, for all practical purposes, it was an independent nation and by now had its own organized government (unrecognized outside its own borders).
If Hal Yarrow had been killed in a crash, he must have wanted it that way.
Mary was free to marry again, not knowing that the Sturch had secretly given her a divorce, thinking that death had dissolved her marriage.
"Hal Yarrow"!
"Sigmen love you, too, my guardian", said Hal, choking.
Many years later, the photon-counting apparatus in the nose of the ship would determine that the star was close enough to actuate deceleration.
The description of the Siddo syntax was very restricted.
Consider the tense system.
What Gabriel was being asked to do now, however, was to re-examine all his basic assumptions, make value-judgments on them, and give them new and different powers in his mind to govern his motives.
"We had concluded that no race as ephemeral as yours could have had time to develop a sense of justice.
Jack, what is the nature of this concept"?
"And apparently impossible.
Visiting the Earth would not be an offering of worth to those of us who are older".
The simple treaty principle that Gabriel was asking him to ratify, in short, was nothing less than total trust.
Besides, agreements "in principle", with the petty details to be thrashed out later, were commonplace in diplomatic history.
He turned back to the screens, the crucial, conclusive phrase on his lips.
"Your brothers have been found.
and it was getting bigger rapidly.
Fuming, helpless, he watched them pass him.
Stern chase 10
When he was back on his feet again and about to reinstall the fuses, however, he hesitated.
"Nobody else can live in your hearth while I am in it", Hesperus said promptly.
But since he had failed to anticipate it, he lost the five minutes anyhow, in plotting an intercept orbit.
Ryan insisted.
But to the infuriation of scientists, for no known reason not all of them did.
"We can breathe out there, all right.
Sonic, electronic, galvanic -- all blank.
Positive results start when it goes towards the hand you use to make your mark".
Ekstrohm nudged it with a boot.
Ekstrohm cleared his throat.
In the meantime, we might be thinking on the problem all these dead beasts represent.
Maybe because they have had virtually no radioactive exposure and don't have any R's stored up, they could take a lot without harm".
I just hope it doesn't work on Earthmen too.
The bunk he lay on was much more uncomfortable than the acceleration couches on board.
In privacy he could walk around, leave the light on, read.
Naturally, he couldn't let his shipmates know this.
But the secret itself was just as hard.
What did you do with them"?
There was no ring of animal corpses.
Why accuse a shipmate of being behind this"?
"All I know is that you were outside the bubbles last night, and you were the only sentient being who came in or out of our alarm web.
Ryan shook his head.
Helva.
Her initial intelligence tests registered above normal and her adaptation index was unusually high.
Not so obvious to her, but of more importance to her teachers, Helva ingested the precepts of her conditioning as easily as she absorbed her nutrient fluid.
She had tuned her sight to the proper degree.
I enjoyed my lessons".
"I am currently reproducing the Last Supper on the head of a screw".
In a kind of shock, the ladies and gentlemen of the committee bent to observe the incredibly copied and brilliantly executed Last Supper on the head of a screw.
If the investigation committee spent months digesting the thoughtful food served them at the Laboratory School, they left Helva with a morsel as well.
Breath control and the proper enunciation of vowel sounds within the oral cavity appeared to require the most development and practice.
If the authorities remarked on her curious avocation, they did so among themselves.
She was ready for her great adventures and the arrival of her mobile partner.
"Are you my partner"?
Do you have anything for me"?
I'm so happy to be here".
He tried to tell the Lady Da, but the words weren't quite straight.
Said she, "I'm strong, too.
He was wide awake, but he did not feel like doing anything.
Mercer saw the sun rise on occasion, closed his eyes briefly, and opened them to see stars shining.
He tried to ask the Lady Da how long they had had the drug, and how much longer they would have to wait before they had it again.
"You mean a game with cards"?
But we never know how long a scene is going to take".
I'm inclined to think that they are about two Earth-weeks each".
This time B'dikkat smiled pleasantly at the little head which had grown out of Mercer's thigh -- a sleeping child's head, covered with light hair on top and with dainty eyebrows over the resting eyes.
Lady Da smiled at him often, but there was no love in this place.
Only the memory of previous hurt, bewilderment and perplexity made him sure that if he did not ask B'dikkat when he, Mercer, was happy, the answer would no longer be available when he needed it.
What kept him happy without super-condamine?
The years, if they were years, went by.
Though they saw the old-style chemical rockets lift up from the field beyond B'dikkat's cabin, they did not make plans to hide among the frozen crop of transmuted flesh.
Dan Morgan told himself he would forget Ann Turner.
Each day he found himself thinking less often of Ann;
It could be some kind of trick Budd had thought up.
She lay there, making no effort to get back on her feet.
There's water in the house".
No girl would go this far to fool a man so she could kill him.
Morgan returned to the kitchen, built a fire, and carried in several buckets of water from the spring which he poured into the copper boiler that he had placed on the stove.
"About five miles north of the line".
You'd have starved to death if you'd missed both places".
He wasn't so sure about the boy.
We'll work hard, Mr. Morgan".
"Who are you?
"I don't have many strays coming to my front door", he said.
It's not much of a meal, but it's what I eat".
"Which are you"?
"We'll see", Morgan said.
"We'll pay you back if you'll let us.
"We got fired", Jones said.
Beneath his black shirt his frail shoulders shook and croaks of pain broke from his throat, the stored pain shattering free in slow gasps, terrible to see.
It was a fair fight, the boy provoked it -- Big Charlie told me so.
"Yes".
Now there's nothin left of me.
There isn't much time.
"She doesn't want you now.
I have to think about it.
"I made you so you could stand up.
"It will grow again -- in California".
they rode at a measured pace through the valley.
Then at last the darkness began to dissolve.
"He's leavin.
Then he thought of a time when Clayton's horse had fallen lame in the Gap.
He meant to help Gavin all the time.
He fled through the door and down the steps, running, and the men grunted and followed, pushing Lester to one side where he backed against the wall with the sleeve of his jacket raised before his eyes to shut out the light.
They neither gained nor fell back.
With every leaping stride of the horse beneath him he crossed one more patch of earth that had been his, that he would never see again.
Mike stripped these from him and donned them.
"You are very brave".
The guerrilla bivouac remained silent.
All of you be ready to ride hell for leather".
She too began to weep.
He wanted no more sentimental scenes with her.
It was pierced by a wagon gate built of two wings.
Mike kept walking and got within arm's reach before the man became suspicious and straightened from his lax slouch.
The startled horses began rearing on their tethers.
"Up you go"!
Try to find these Feds.
I'll stampede the rest of these horses so they can't chase you".
The guerrillas were swarming from their bivouac at the west end of the enclosure.
They had pistols in their hands.
A lantern hung from a peg, giving light.
He picked up the powder canister and ran out.
A bullet tore the earth from beneath his foot when he was a stride or two from safety.
He hovered over her to shield her, for spent bullets were thudding against the rear walls.
The blaze was spreading to the frame buildings.
But what few containers they found were inadequate.
A sizable supply of powder had been touched off.
Here comes Jason.
There's a large war party on their way"!
"What would you have done in Montero's moccasins?
I saw that letter.
Once we get over the mountains others will come along.
Surprisingly, he had told the others what he had done.
28.
Buckets were filled, the herd fed and watered.
"That'll be a pleasure to see", the big black murmured as he stared down the barrel of his rifle.
His face was split by a vermilion streak, his eyes were pools of white;
At first I thought he had missed.
Kill'em"!
The morning air was filled with the sweetish odor of new-spilled blood, the acrid stench of frightened horses, and the bitterness of burned powder.
"Wait for the charge!
In my sights I watched him looming bigger and bigger.
I saw Little Billy rise and fire almost point blank and an Indian's face became shattered flesh and bone.
A small Indian dived at Montero, who caught him with a swift upward stroke of his rifle butt.
Others, badly wounded, gripped hands in manes, knees in bellies, held on as long as possible and then, weak from ghastly wounds, slipped sideways, slowly, almost thoughtfully, to be broken under the slashing hoofs.
"All right", Wilson said quickly.
And make sure it's out when you leave in the morning".
She showed her surprise by tightening the reins and moving the gelding around so that she could get a better look at his face.
Maybe you know him".
"But it's understandable.
That's all.
She brought the quirt down, slashing it across his cheek, and he tried to step back.
If you were a man" --
He raised the Winchester and pointed it at Wilson's chest.
The girl tapped the quirt impatiently against her knee and glared at him.
"Who was that"?
You've got blood on your cheek.
I don't know what goes on around here, and I don't care.
He had known women like that, one woman in particular.
There's better things to do than listen to something like that.
Not all of it.
livable perhaps, but badly in need of repairs.
They were going to town, and they were both excited.
There was an artificial lake just out of sight in the first stand of trees, fed by a half dozen springs that popped out of the ground above the hillside orchard.
The place was quiet.
Drifting here and there.
Baldness was attacking his pate.
On a shelf in the office behind the counter was a small radio dialed permanently on a station which broadcast only vulgar commercials and cheap popular music.
They, and the two large fans which I could dimly see as daylight filtered through their vents, down at the far end of the hall, could be turned on by a master switch situated inside the office.
The presence of the two exhaust fans seemed to indicate that the hall could become crowded for air.
No sooner would I turn my head away from the counter before he would address me, at times quite sharply, in order to bring back my attention.
My future lay solely with the hall, yet what did I know about the hall at this point?
The sounds issuing from beyond -- winches whirring, men shouting -- indicated great activity and excited me.
At last, when I put it to him directly, the clerk was forced to admit that the delay in my case was unusual.
I stopped by the counter.
they somehow made me expect to see him launch into a vaudeville tapdance routine any moment.
Was I sure, he asked, that I knew what I was applying for?
"Hell with it".
If you ever try anything without my orders I'll kill you".
They had chosen this night purposely.
"He's having some kind of a fit".
They were free.
Five miles.
The ex-prison guard was embarrassed.
There's nothing for you here".
Then Barton touched Carl Dill's arm and moved off, up the river bank.
The one thing they had in common was their hatred.
A company of cavalry couldn't come in there if two men were guarding that trail".
Dill was silent as if he hated to answer, and Barton had a cold, sick feeling of apprehension.
After another long pause he asked, "How many people know who they are"?
Dill had come up also.
"The hell you do".
It was over an hour before their escape was discovered, but still the news that Barton was free flashed across the central portion of the state.
It was partially cemented by ages and pressure, yet it crumpled before the onslaught of the powerful streams, the force of a thousand fire hoses, and with the gold it held washed down through the long sluices.
He lived and breathed for the mining company.
He ran the change rooms.
"Dangerous"?
After they had finished eating, Melissa took Sprite the kitten under her arm -- "so that Auntie Grace can teach it about the whistle" -- and climbed into the station wagon beside her mother.
All of her movements were careful and methodical, partaking of the stealth of a criminal who has plotted his felony for months in advance and knows exactly which step to take next in the course of the final execution of his crime.
It was there that she would have to enact her renunciation, beg forgiveness.
No wonder Melissa responded so completely to its beckoning.
she directed all of her mental and physical energy toward achieving this one goal.
Pamela shook her head.
His presence would have interfered with her duty.
Silence walked at Pamela's side, its presence numbingly close, yet too far for her to hear.
She stood quite still, trying to focus upon a direction in which to turn, a path to follow, a clue to guide her.
She already knew this unwholesome, chilling atmosphere that was somehow grotesquely alive.
The shadows of the trees engulfed her, foreclosing every possible exit from the grove.
Twigs cracked loudly under her feet;
Beaming idiotically, he pooched out his lips and attempted to kiss her.
So would she mind speaking a little louder?
Wasn't you goin'to say somethin'"?
He wore no gun -- a strange ommission for a peace officer in this country.
But she'd known plenty of handsomer guys, and, conceding his good looks, what was there left?
teetering, half-mincing walk.
"Might get there faster walkin'", Lord drawled, "seein'as how I got a busted front spring.
"Looky".
"What did you mean by that rattlesnake gag?
Lord whistled tunelessly as he fought the steering wheel.
Moreover, as long as the weapon was carried openly, the sheriff's office had made no previous issue of it.
"Why single me out on this permit deal"?
You think that Highlands swindled you and I helped'em do it.
Not without a face-saving respite of at least a few minutes.
He flung off Lord's hand and attempted to push past him, inadvertently shoving him into a storefront.
Why, he's going to kill me, he thought wildly.
he was long past the point of coherent thinking.
Donna was like he was.
But they deliberately avoided the one subject that had them all curious: the failure of the boss's wife and son to join the outfit.
Conchita nagged at the younger children, attempting without success to keep her thoughts off Tom Brannon.
Elena, you'll get mud all over your dress"!
They were sitting on their heels, rider-fashion, over by the still empty calf wagon.
Let Senora Brannon live in her father's house for a time.
Five?
"In my place, you'd follow such advice as you give me"?
With Maria and me, there's never any problem.
I am with you, of course, Tomas".
There were seven of them, enough for a show of strength -- to run a bluff.
Also because of the storm, the streets of Rockfork were deserted.
Hogan got down from the saddle and had a look inside.
Hogan reappeared, stopped on the hotel porch, lifted a hand in signal.
They closed in fast, kept him from reaching inside his coat for his gun.
His face was stiff with anger when they let go of his arms.
"Too much fooling around", he said.
Get it out"!
Then, as Macklin obeyed: "Now let's go out back".
Its windows glowed with lamplight.
They tracked mud on the oaken floor, on the carpet.
He'd mounted up immediately and raced with a revolver ready toward the spot from which he'd estimated the shot had come.
William Lewis made the rounds of all who lived near him again, that August morning after a bullet landed at his feet, and once more he accused and threatened everyone.
He never got that chance.
But that indictment was never made.
Privately, he created and magnified an image of himself as a hired assassin.
"Everyone knew it, but he sort of acted like he didn't care who knew it -- even after them notes came, even after he'd heard about Lewis, even after he'd been shot at a couple o'times hisself"!
Ross had no intention of searching for the assassin.
"And I sort o'got a corner on the market".
"Sportin'"!
The examples were plain.
For three straight years, Tom Horn patrolled the southern Wyoming pastures, and how many men he killed after Lewis and Powell (if he killed Lewis and Powell) will never be known.
"My reputation's my stock in trade", Tom mentioned more than once.
When several minutes had passed and Curt hadn't emerged from the livery stable, Brenner reentered the hotel and faced Summers across the counter.
Vastly relieved, Summers nodded and started toward the door.
"You know, Summers", he said thoughtfully.
A man like Jess would want to have a ready means of escape in case it was needed.
He moved ahead carefully, his left hand in front of him, and came to a wooden partition.
As Curt had hoped, the house door banged open.
As he crossed to the side of the stall, Curt drew his gun and clicked back the hammer.
He moved up and lifted Jess's pistol out of its holster.
"You're about as dumb as they come, Adams.
Curt's fingers put a little more pressure on the trigger of his gun.
If we was both armed, you wouldn't talk so tough".
"Does this make it any easier, coward"?
Curt was too involved in his own problems to pay much attention.
He slammed into the wall, bounced back, and caught Curt with a roundhouse right which sent him spinning.
By now Curt was seeing clearly again.
Jess had had enough.
He let go of the shirt, and Jess slumped to the floor.
Black called fearfully.
Black would have little trouble getting out, but it might delay him a few minutes.
His wounds need dressing now".
Damn it, he thought bitterly, picking up his shirt and staring at the fresh bullet hole in the sleeve.
He bellowed to the retreating back directly in front of him.
Much as they had to look forward to, they didn't begrudge a moment of the time they spent seeing them go.
Hez asked, who still believed they'd have them to lick.
From then on, in keeping with the traditions they had followed since childhood, the whole group settled down to relish their food.
At these words of sympathy and understanding, Harmony said generously, "I don't mind setting here along with Gran while you go out and join in the games".
Not with the memory of her folks and the lost Conestoga still holding her close.
For Matilda, it was the first she had known in many a night.
"How's Sally like rubbin'agin that thar little ticklebrush ye're a-raising"?
The three men stepped out to the side to wait for Captain Clemens'signal.
Captain Clemens'signal shot sent the men hurrying to their waiting teams.
Although they were forced to maintain a sharper watch, this activity enabled them to ride in and rack their broncs without any particular attention being paid them.
Russ visited two places without result and his blood pressure was down to zero.
Fierce anger surged through Russ.
Hitching his cartridge belt around, Pat glanced upward briefly at the Palace and started that way with Cobb at his side.
"Where yuh goin'"?
All the doors were open at this hour except one, and it was toward this that Stevens made his way with Russ close at his shoulder.
Kneeling, Cobb planted a sturdy knee in the small of his back, holding him pinned.
"Look at this"!
Russ ran through the bills and named an amount it was highly unlikely any cowpuncher would come by honestly.
He and Cobb clattered down the high steps to the street.
"Whatever you say".
"You don't have to tell me", flashed Cobb.
"It's the second time War Ax hands made a play for that money.
What did it mean?
"Over this way!
He had been sighted, and his attacker pumping shot after shot.
He heard cries from behind him, but he could make out no words.
Anything the enemy flew or floated was his target.
Donovan snatched Greg's chute from him with a belligerent motion and almost ran to the plane with it.
See you", Donovan said as he jumped off the wing.
Greg's mission was the last to leave, and as he circled the ships off Tacloban he saw the clouds were dropping down again.
Greg pushed the radio button on his throttle.
The formation remained perfect.
He thought once that he identified the somewhat hysterical voice of Fleischman claiming a kill.
Mercifully, it was still open.
And only a few seconds to answer it.
But the closing aircraft showed no sign of deviating from their original course.
Greg had the stick forward and the throttle up before he heard the two "Rogers".
"Todman, drop your second element back.
They're Japs", came a high-pitched voice.
Greg slammed his throttle to the fire wall and rammed up the RPM, and the engine responded as if it had been waiting.
With the rapid rate of closure, the approach from below, the side, and ahead, there would be only a moment when damage could be done.
Blind fools.
A large piece of engine cowling vanished.
Sweat popped out over him and he felt the slick between his palm and the stick grip.
Then I saw the father's head slightly turn;
It was stopping.
Let me pass over the trip to Sante Fe with something of the same speed which made Mrs. Roebuck "wonduh if the wahtahm speed limit" (35 m.p.h.) "is still in ee-faket".
"I'm a good Baptist, and drinking"
Quickly but carefully lowering my duffel bag over the low side-rack, I stepped on the running board;
The way his red rubber lips were stretched across his pearly little teeth I thought he was only having a little joke, but, no, he wanted me to bend down from the roar of wind so he could roar something into my ear.
White teeth suddenly vanishing, the driver slammed the side of his bottle against Johnson's ear.
Johnson's left hand was pressed against the side of his head, red cheeks whitening beneath his fingers.
I drank furiously.
High, so it would only bounce harmlessly but loudly off the car's steel roof.
The car was approaching fast.
"S-s-sahjunt".
But the Indian was jabbing another bottle toward Johnson.
"I'm sorry.
"No, thanks".
"That's what started all the trouble in the first place.
"Why, yes.
"That's the last one we did.
"I really do have something important to tell you, Mr. Scott.
My lovely caller -- Joyce Holland was her name -- had previously done three filmed commercials for zing, and this evening, the fourth, a super production, had been filmed at the home of Louis Thor.
Did, I mean".
"So I just scooted out of his clutches.
I was so scared well, I just ran to my car and came here".
"And I so want the part", she said.
"Yes, I'm still all covered with that soap.
One of my virtues or vices is a sort of three-dimensional imagination complete with sound effects and glorious living color.
"Oh, you can count on that".
As I went out, I could hear water pouring in the shower.
At the pool's far end was the little cabana Joyce had mentioned, and on the water's surface floated scattered lavender patches of limp-looking lather.
Neither of them, I understood, had been present at the filming session earlier.
I said, "O.K., so now only Blake knows.
this is not so, for education offers all kinds of dividends, including how to pull the wool over a husband's eyes while you are having an affair with his wife.
I loved the city and I particularly loved the gaiety and spirit of Mardi Gras.
It was really a May and December combination.
I was aware that when our eyes met we both quickly averted them.
I dismissed these feelings as wishful thinking but I could not get it out of my head that we had a strong physical attraction for one another and we both feared to dwell on it because of our relationship.
For several weeks we eyed one another almost like sparring partners, and then one day Uncle was slightly indisposed and stayed home;
Her mouth, which had been so much in my thoughts, was warm and moist and tender.
You figure it out.
"What are you trying to do?
and now I think we can use the knowledge they passed on to us.
"But you" -- she began.
Shortly before nine I drove my jalopy to the street facing the Lake and parked the car in shadows far enough away from the rendezvous corner but near enough to keep the corner in clear view.
"You cheap, no good, two-timing bitch!
Nicolas called on his muse, a line came back:
He had returned to the pension a week ago.
but by a blond girl in a sweater and skirt who stood a few yards off and tenderly regarded him.
And when you get off this job tonight, well, you can gimme something to eat".
Her eyes had opened, she had caught a glimpse of a new faith.
And I will greatly appreciate it if you will not tell your husband.
In his dream he cried, "Slow down, for Chrissake"!
Mary Jane belonged to a world acquainted with small attractive hotels and pensions in all the major and minor cities.
Shall we allow her not to have a bath?
He was asking had it been she who left the love note in his sheets (she also served as maid) when he saw the Grafin followed by a stately blond girl approaching his table.
Meredith began falling in love.
Having opened the windows onto the terrace, lit the fire, translated the motto, Meredith grinned and took down a little triplet of books bound together in old calfskin.
in reading, on platforms, even in the large auditorium of the Y.M.H.A., Poetry Center nights, his voice was intimate, thoughtful, and a trifle shy.
But with her hand poem again.
But with her hand softly on his cheek for a last moment, she closed the door and he went back down the hall and into his bed excited, expectant, and finally faintly grinning with the feel of her hand against his mouth.
He removed his hat to let the trapped sweat cut rivulets through the dust film upon his gaunt face.
But it was water.
She was like charcoal, he thought -- dark, opaque, explosive.
"Or do you want to see if I can stand fever, too"?
"Somewhere!
It had been five days too late before he learned that she'd gone through the wedding ceremony in a semitrance of laudanum, administered by her mother.
He winced.
Then he noticed the clouds racing upon them -- heavy, ominous, leaden clouds that formed even as they sliced over the crests of the surrounding hills.
Frozen, they stared at it whirling down the valley, gouging and spitting out boulders and chunks of earth like a starving hound dog cracking marrowbones.
They cringed under sodden covers, listening to the waves slop against the bottom.
The girl crawled out into the renewing warmth of the sunshine, hugging her shoulders and still trembling.
But as the tree passed, she lifted an arm in gesture of better luck and farewell.
He sputtered back to his feet and scrambled madly to pull his bags of seed grain forward.
He gripped the wheel hard to fight the despondency of defeat.
He found a jar of preserved tomatoes and one of eggs that they had meant to save.
Sulphur, oil, and copra make the kind of tinder any firebug dreams of.
the boat's come unstuck".
"Sommers, you bale while we row", Brassnose commanded.
We'd be in real trouble then.
Indeed, you wouldn't live long, for the females either drive the men they've seized from neighboring islands back to their boats after exploiting them for amatory purposes, or they destroy them by revolting but ingenious methods.
In a voice so frightened as to seem not his own, the big bo'sun's mate quavered:
"Aaa-ee!
My friends and I come from a ship which was destroyed by fire.
I saw a dozen or so other outriggers moored there.
They were shattered.
"You have every right to be", I replied gravely in the Manu dialect, but my attention was fixed on Brassnose, the biggest and strongest of us.
they destroy such men with their damned tests.
.
Miraculously, Karipo and her women had succeeded in driving a hundred invaders from the isle of Pamasu back to their war canoes, after considerable loss of life on both sides.
Come, I show you".
Maybe the Indian wasn't too much at fault, Ramey thought.
Ramey smiled but he thought to himself, I always see me too.
"Too long a waiting line", Ramey answered, pretending to joke.
When they were ready to leave, Benson and Ramey walked back around the rear of the trailer.
The truck routes, the industrial areas with walls grimed with diesel smoke passed briefly through his mind -- back alleys were their access to a city and they could never stay.
What had caught his attention was obscured by the car itself, so that neither the girl nor the truck drivers could see, but Benson knew what it was.
The slightest twitch would have parted the shoe entirely from the foot, yet the toes were still inside.
"What's this"?
Ramey heard the words again inside, weakened, the way moving water sounds through a grove of trees, until he was not sure whether it was sound or light-headedness pressing in his ears.
The man took two short steps backward then sat down heavily on the pavement.
Ramey could hear the crowd coming up rapidly behind him and the questioning voices coming over his shoulder had no identity or importance to him.
"Can you hear, can you talk to me"?
Behind Ramey feet scraped beneath sharp questioning whispers.
The patrolman said to no one in particular as he pushed between the fat man in the baseball cap and a young boy in levis.
She was sitting on the edge of the bed again, back in the same position where the snake had found her.
Strange.
Asked Keith, his voice getting harsher in spite of himself, as he struggled to control his growing anger.
And you love Ahmiri, that black bastard of a servant even a little more, because he's a beautiful man.
He knew she was not sulking, not even angry at him.
And Keith's record of kills made him a man to listen to -- a man paradoxically, who might even survive.
And he would have enjoyed it just as much if he had been a Nazi.
Penny knew him better, on her part.
But they met in one searing moment that gave them to one another instantly.
That is, everyone but Keith and Penny.
But to Keith's London-bred mind, such acreage sounded rather invincible.
This is a paradise for hunters.
Peacocks strutted across their path, preening.
He took his mask from his forehead and threw it, unexpectedly, across the deck.
He was a huge young man of twenty-four, clothed in muscle, immensely strong, with a habitual gentleness and diffidence of manner that was submerged under his present agitation.
A note of awe came into his voice.
He had his voice under control again: no one became aware that he was terrified by what had just happened to him.
"It's nothing to fool with.
"Rob's not going to give up as easy as all that".
"Excuse me", he said abruptly.
Waddell had looked the man over, trying to size him up.
"And if the dive goes OK he has the exclusive import rights to your line for this country, is that right"?
"Please let me explain", the German said earnestly, his face still devoid of deceit.
Never, never did I offer him the exclusive rights.
"You intend to speak with Mr. Roy"?
"You will make him unhappy and anxious", the German said.
Yes!
I guess you're right".
He pressed his palms together and addressed himself to the patron saint of divers in a hurried and anxious whisper.
Amen".
You don't see me stretched out on the deck, do you"?
His superiors had emphasized that marines tortured others for the sheer pleasure.
He had no rice.
His fatigues made a streak of almost phosphorescent green in the mist.
When he sank on his knees, they had allowed him to char without administering the stroke of mercy.
whispers: he heard none of these.
Hush followed.
but jumping right up, he staggered in no particular direction.
Gradually he reached a conclusion.
He was bearded.
Too bad the marine had no water.
Not only had he no canteen, but he lacked even the belt to hang one on.
Awkwardly with one hand Matsuo got the cap back on the water bottle.
Wet also were the marine's fatigues and the face had an oily film.
With a firm grip on the man's hair Matsuo applied the blade flat on a cheek.
He ceased weeping.
He cupped his mouth and yelled.
Matsuo laughed, slung the rifle.
Of course it was water he really craved;
The upper part of his packet had stained dark.
Blue Throat was slumped with his back against the bar, elbows supporting his massive frame.
"I'm Billy Tilghman", said the stranger, "and I've come for Pat Conyers'body".
Tilghman leapt on to him, dragged him upright and hit him again, this time sending him careening against the bar.
"OK, Tilghman, I'm quitting".
He'll shoot up the town".
The law-abiding citizens of Petrie had gathered inside Kaster's Store, halfway down the street.
Fifty yards away from the barn he dodged inside a barber's shop and came out at the back.
He saw the most action, beat up more badmen with his bare fists, broke up the most gangs and sent more murderers to the gallows than any other U.S. marshal who lived before or after him.
On a bitterly cold day in January, 1895, accompanied only by Neal Brown as his deputy, Tilghman left the township of Guthrie and headed for Rock Fort and Dunn's ranch.
"Hello, Ed", said Tilghman.
"Cold day", said Tilghman, placing his hands behind him and casually presenting his backside to the fire.
"Well", he announced, "Guess I'll be going now, Ed, and thanks for the warmup".
Back in the house a hoodlum named Red Buck, sore because Billy had been allowed to leave unscathed, jumped from a bunk and swore he was going after him to kill him right then.
When she would do these things, he would turn blind for an instant and become sick at his stomach.
Tall, blonde, blue-eyes, fair, buxom without being heavy, she cut a fine figure of budding womanhood as she swished among the pupils in her fresh, starched summer dress.
About that time Miss Langford straightened up and looked out the window directly at him, he thought, although probably she didn't even see him.
She said, with the solicitude of a middle-aged woman for her only child.
And if you get sick, ask the teacher to let you come home early.
Jack knew of course that the tale to be unfolded would involve a girl and probably be dirty, because girls were Charles'only apparent interest.
"Hell, I jist got on top of --"
"I might try it one of these days", Jack said wonderingly, thinking of Miss Langford.
Jack watched Miss Langford all morning.
Presently she came out of the schoolhouse.
With one hand she held her skirt down while she took Jack's extended hand with the other.
"Me neither", others said, and soon the game broke up, the children going off in pairs, in larger groups and alone.
"You will stay here thirty minutes after the others go home this afternoon and work your problems".
Col. Henri Garvier was one of New Orleans'most important and enlightened slave owners.
Delphine was a pace-setter in high society.
"What is your name, boy?
Lifting her skirts, she climbed in, never relinquishing her grip on his arm.
Besides, he owns 300 slaves.
You are forgetting your place".
Delphine presented her cheek for a kiss, and the physician pecked it like a timid rooster.
Also, he was weary of plantation drudgery and monotony.
The lad's once superb body was a mass of scars and welts.
But at the coroner's inquest Delphine told a forthright story.
Though the slave's dying words about the woman troubled the coroner's panel, Dandy's accusation was adjudged an aberration by the jury and disregarded.
She was nude to the waist and her tumbled abundance of black hair did not conceal the knife slashes on her back.
He had been conning the freights for a long, long time now.
He held his elbows away from his body, and the little sweet potato trilled neatly and sweetly as he tickled its tune-belly.
His thoughts for the swanlike neck, the full, high breasts, the slim waist, and the long legs were less than poetic, however.
We run a respectable house here".
We don't know this guy".
These two were going to be easy pickins.
"That ain't your name, Mister", the boy accused.
He had it all doped, of course.
After a while, Kitty murmured something to Cappy, and he held her close, answering, "We'll just have to wait till we pull into Philly, honey".
"Whyn't ya say so, fellow travelers!
Charcoal"?
When they had licked the last of the wieners'taste from their fingers, they settled back, and Cappy offered Ernie a cigarette.
She looked down at her hands, too.
Cappy raged at himself.
He thought, Pull out of it, old son.
Ernie stared at the man.
The man stalked toward them, his big boots heavy on the wooden flooring.
He advanced on them, and abruptly there was a shocked electricity in the car.
He held the knife aloft an instant -- an instant enough to press the stud.
Yet if he were not there, they would have missed him, as they would have missed the sounds of bees buzzing against the screen door in early June;
But youth asked nothing of its parents -- not a touch of the hand or a kiss given in passing.
"No, no.
Mauve-colored mouths that had never known anything sweeter than the taste of new wine and the passion of man's tongue had not smiled, but had condemned again and again.
The Old Man's very soul could have left him and flown down that street, but he wouldn't have had anyone know it.
Sameness for the Old Man was framed in by a wall of ginkgo trees which divided these quarters from the city.
Above it, from a second-story showroom, wooden angels surveyed the neighborhood.
He was holding out for something.
He would not carry a brief case.
Laura did not answer him.
Pompeii called again, "Laura"!
"You're boiling milk, ain't you"?
He knew it was there, knew also what it was about, but he wouldn't raise a finger except to smooth his yellow dog's back.
Little Anne rapidly outdistanced her mother in recovery.
Maggie and Stuart pored over figures every night, trying to find how they could squeeze out a few pennies more.
She picked up the baby and nuzzled her fat warm little neck.
Maggie started laughing, and she laughed so hard she couldn't stop, and she kept on laughing while she lugged the clothes out to the yard to hang them up while the sun was still shining.
And Grandma isn't strong enough to take on something like that, and to tell you the truth neither am I".
Maggie laughed.
There weren't facilities to take care of them;
Something had to be done.
They lived mainly in the kitchen;
"The only thing that worries me is how I'm going to prove it", Eugenia said.
She's married that tenant!
Kizzie turned to go inside.
Why should I want pictures of an empty room now?
She was so beautiful, so valiant, so pitiable.
"Under the window in stormy weather
"Why lacerate the -- congregation"?
But this last time he drank not to Brace but "To Tolley"!
He really hadn't meant to, he assured her, but it was plain to her that the importance of these small things was lost on Mr. Robards.
Nerves, Mr. Robards said, just a nip anyway.
The chances were against his being here to humor her when her time came, she was sure.
Now she must be thinking of a boy-name, something special.
He had a good idea why not.
It made him pretty hot under the collar, after the idea Miss Sis had given him, to be told by Miss Kiz that her holy spa was all reserved for this summer and next, if you please, and that much as she regretted it, they would be unable to entertain Mrs. Robards and the children.
Miss Jen was funny that way, funny that she didn't seem to take to his ideas and perk up.
Miss Kiz won't care your comin', will she"?
Their childhood would have been quite circumspect without Hetty's flair for drama, especially through the long summers.
She had always been able to ignore the moral question because there had been no choice.
Before anything else, she would go to Doaty's grave with flowers from Doaty's forgotten garden.
Rosa, unbelievably, was not yet up and about, reassurance that Rosa was human.
The cemetery slumbered just behind it, and the way lay through the village and close to the sea.
He scowled at her flowers.
His stick ceased to be a thing to rest his chin on and became a pointer for emphasizing the finer aspects of his text.
He had never spoken once to the awed sisters, but his son had been friendly, a big fellow of fifty or more, a fishing-boat captain and powerful like the sea.
Man in a boat, there's a lot of places he can put in at and a lot of reasons he can be away for a bit.
"You've not had your breakfast yet, gran'dad".
"Come on, do.
"God rest her soul, she was a sweet one.
Both church and graveyard were smaller than she remembered them (how many things had lessened while she was gone away) but the headstones had grown so thick in thirty years that to find one named "Dorothy Tredding" seemed suddenly impossible.
A pitiful few of them are left now, to subsist mainly on the tourist trade and to sing their ancient tribal chants, which have the same haunting sadness as the laments of the American Indians.
Anywhere would be better than the land of her ancestors.
Ships from the West Coast rotated on six-month tours of duty with the Seventh Fleet, and Yokosuka was the Seventh Fleet's principal port for maintenance, upkeep and shore liberty.
There was a fifty-fifty chance, perhaps, that he would be unmarried, and an even more slender chance that his approach would be different.
Tommy said out of her cold rage.
"Take off, fly-boy"!
there are beauties from the Balkan states who are similarly endowed, and -- back in the blessed United States -- they were regarded simply as pretty women.
Seeing these did nothing for Tommy's mood.
One had to have friends, and a congenial life in after-duty hours.
And, still, they did not have to be so crude in their approach.
The lieutenant was not entirely wrong in the belief.
Doc had been under restriction to the ship since the Bustard left Subic.
We live down by the Base commissary.
There was swimming over at the Riverside Hotel, but his skin was so white he looked like the bottom of a frog.
Imagine a stag dinner with Toodle Williams".
Probably saw me in the lobby.
"Why is that"?
"You know, that's very interesting.
"Oh, I just come once a week.
"That's hardly a Christian approach", she remonstrated.
why go on?
But what do you want to do about the lay-sisters?
he heard her knocking on another door.
He felt suddenly elated, adventurous.
The mural around the wall depicted early settlers in covered wagons, who appeared much more animated than the gamblers.
"What you need is a steady martingale", the cowboy announced after watching Owen play.
Don't you have to spend any time on your ranch"?
When he looked in the back, Mrs. Gertrude Parker was marking keno cards.
He wondered if he might bag a tourist, but they looked frightened of him.
"Something about the pollen".
We'll get it in a hurry and get it out".
Spencer shook his head.
The two met in the Captain's cabin.
Heiser, breathless and wild-eyed, brought the chilling news that the handspikes, heavers and holystones had been mysteriously removed from their customary places.
Adrien Deslonde hastened to Alexander's side.
One of the missing handspikes came out of its hiding place after Midshipman Tillotson had been insolently disobeyed by Seaman Wilson.
"That would be worse than useless", Alexander broke in.
We are going to be rushed and murdered".
"We ourselves must stand sentinel".
He who had tried so hard, who had yearned so passionately to be a great officer.
Now the hope was gone.
"Yes, sir.
He said, "Cromwell is telling you the truth.
This tragic lad had forged his own shackles.
"Nothing to lose, either, Spencer".
This was a training ship and the training would continue, but there was an element of frightful absurdity here which Alexander recognized.
I was suddenly conscious of my bare arms.
The dirty, discolored buildings looked boarded up, and their few windows stood high above our heads.
He left us.
They had large bright eyes, the small upturned noses of all babies everywhere, and hair cropped short except for the long ringlets of paot framing their little white faces.
He did not return my interest.
We walked down the cool hall silently.
She passed by him.
When we were fighting, a few of our orthodox people were lying down in the roads so we could not pass.
Rachel faced me.
She loved the children.
she chose it.
I'd like to know that very much".
He helped her meet people so she could go out and do the work she wanted.
All his family was dead, except for his son.
Then she continued with energy, "I myself did not see her until a week after she had run off to find the father.
He had known when he first helped her to meet the right people and work with them that she did not intend to marry him.
She let him lead her around.
For when he began to talk and dream all at the same time, making his plans as he went, she had begun dreaming too.
Wednesday nights after youth fellowship.
And every sound that might be the rain also might be the man who thinks after he has raped you he has to beat your brains out with a tire tool so you won't tell, a combination like ham and eggs, rape her and kill her, and that is being an old maid too.
Even when he is on the way to Memphis you will still have the promise resting inside you like a gift, and it is he inside of you.
You wonder if he looks at his wife now and thinks of you.
So they stayed quiet and hung not on what he said but on how he said it, not listening exactly, but rather, feeling.
There was no lock because Herman didn't allow a lock.
I did book jackets and covers for paperback reprints: naked girls huddling in corners of dingy furnished rooms while at the doorway, daring the cops to take him, is the guy in shirt sleeves clutching a revolver.
He said, "That may be, but it isn't authentic the way readers think.
He had style, a real inner vision of his very own.
We shared the expenses of the studio, and we all lived within walking distance of it, in cheap lodgings of one kind or another.
The night we first met, at one of Mrs. Monmouth's giant parties, he was wearing a brown cashmere jacket with silver buttons and a soft pink Viyella shirt;
We went into Mrs. Monmouth's library, which had low bookshelves all along the walls, and above them a Modigliani portrait, a Jackson Pollock twelve feet long, and a gorgeous Miro with a yellow background, that looked like an inscription from a Martian tomb.
"Painting isn't this big, you know.
I was fascinated;
I said.
"Yes, it sounds great", I said, "but suppose you don't think of yourself as an impressionist painter"?
He was an artisan, a man who studied his trade and developed his craftsmanship the way a goldsmith or a wood carver did.
After a short time, both George and Donald joined the class with me so they wouldn't feel lonely, and we used to hang a sign on the door of the Brush-off reading out to work.
"Ida, where is the car license"?
"I'm sure she'd turn it over to you, if you'd rather.
"What a fool I've been", she said quietly.
"Don't bother, Ida", she said.
But the next day -- Sunday.
And she.
And then I remembered a few years before after their return from a short trip to Rome I had heard her boast, over and over again, "On the boat people liked me for myself".
It's so romantic up there, she used to say, with the broad river gleaming in its moontrack like an enormous dark mirror and all the sounds of the night, so poetic.
And they have never changed.
No, I forget Mrs. Mathias, who had been away visiting a married daughter when it happened.
It was coarse, almost insulting, this harsh appraisal, and she has never come to see me since.
Then Via called to say they had decided to cremate her -- as they had Ellen, the thought leaped to my mind -- and did I want to meet her at the funeral home the next morning.
"Uhhu", she said, hardly listening as she studied her left eyelid.
"Me"?
He asked, trying to touch a part of her life Alberto hadn't discussed;
This is my town.
He wondered.
"What's the matter with them"?
"What's the matter with it"?
They looked at the ruins of the old Roman wall on the lower Via Veneto, then they went to the Farnese Gardens.
He had never heard so many bells, and as he lay there listening, he thought of her scolding him for his remarks when he had looked up at the obelisk and the church at the top of the Spanish Steps.
Why did he want her to go to church?
Could he honestly believe it would be good for Carla to have those old prophets gripping her imagination now?
Just the same, he thought, pondering over it, it would be a good thing for a girl like Carla if she got up and went to church.
Let's be fine superior people of great dignity", he said as if he were joking.
And they sat down and began their little coffee party.
Had Sam ever lived in a boxcar?
Agnese had been sitting quietly, listening with the serenity of the unaware.
Did Signor Raymond understand?
He saw her emerge suddenly, coming in her unhesitant fashion, her back stiff, her head erect, facing with contempt the night and whatever she would encounter, as if in her extreme disdain and indifference she would pass by all the outraged looks of those whom she might approach.
Elsewhere others heard and stopped and waited, the women peering from their lodges then gathering in small, curious clusters.
Telling you"!
They picked up sticks and hurled them at the girl.
Drive the demons out of her and teach her to stay away from my husband"!
But she went to him and pressed herself against his nakedness, smelling the stale odor of the whisky he had stolen from TuHulHulZote.
They all know your foolish name"!
Turning, the girl saw Dookiyoon standing between, his narrow shoulders unbent, his arms hanging long and resigned.
It was they who held the future in their hands.
Then again they would stand in circles making other preparations.
They would give one final testimony of their challenge to let the people see their arrogance.
She was moving through a screen of hemlocks, in among the white birch and maples.
The reedy music of the frogs had faded, but presently it began again, growing in volume until it was vibrant.
And then off he went so casually, to someone else with breasts better developed, more obvious in a lower-cut dress, someone without a mouthful of wire bands and an inability to find words that would hold him.
but of course the impossible effort of leaving would have to be made on this Monday morning.
He recognized his jacket and trousers.
Alex Poldowski -- in a fashion he owed a debt to that effete gentleman.
He rose slowly and looked into the mirror on the inside of the closet door.
He was actually walking down the stairs.
"Uncle George"!
"I'm about to leave myself.
That's my wish.
He raised them.
"I'm fine, Julie.
"I'll take that, Julie -- for you".
yet her inflection seemed forced or rehearsed.
"Oh, just sort of everything in general".
He could see the stone building where he lived.
"Take care of yourself then".
"I bumped into a door handle", George said.
Tell Sam not to worry about the car.
"Yes, I thought you'd probably be up.
He'll understand -- you might give him sort of a tactful nudge.
Okay?
yet if he said: Make an excuse yourself, come out here today, she would have been on the next train -- and, similarly, if she had been in need, he would have gone to her.
Lucy listened.
as he looked at her, it registered anxiety.
Remember what happened the last time"?
"It depends on the widow".
Myra loved big cities;
Was it only a few nights ago that they had been standing together in front of the house looking at the moon-washed river?
But they weren't just friends, Lucy thought;
His voice had sharp edges, as though he knew very well Lucy and he were not friends at the moment.
Nice"?
She had let Jim go with a chilly good-by, a chillier kiss.
She had a day of things to do;
since Myra had always put most of Greg's money on her own back, Lucy suspected that no more than a few of that long row would be needed.
Susan was an active character;
There was a momentary pause, and then her mother said, "How long is she supposed to stay"?
Again there was that curious pause, and then her mother said, "I guess I do.
For a moment, anger darkened the hallway about her, and when she found her voice, anger thickened it.
She's not going to get away with it.
Unimpressed, the dog plopped on the sand.
Here he was enclosed and safe.
Every night when he wanted a drink of water, didn't he practice being fearless by not turning on the bathroom light?
Son.
When you get back I'll probly be swimming better than Victoria.
He unlaced his high brown shoes and took off the metal brace on his leg.
"Watch it, big shot", a hoarse voice yelled back.
"Is".
That's short for Quintus.
"Sometimes eleven, fourteen a day".
"A cane's mighty handy.
"Holy mackerel, that's the most unique dog I ever saw", she said firmly.
Even though this is my rock, you can use it sometimes.
"No.
Camels in Tripoli had harelips.
"Books are for schnooks".
That dog has to go".
His encylopedia agreed with Sabella.
Once when she asked why he never went swimming and he answered, "Don't feel like it", he was tempted to tell her about being scared.
"Yeah, keen".
It had started two years ago when he was in an iron lung.
Hadn't Linda been a perfect wife to Bobbie, who was the least bit of a disappointment all these years?
Linda accepted the reproach, which was something she did rarely in all her life and most rarely in that summer of 1936 when she was by all odds the prettiest and brightest young woman west of the Allegheny Mountains, and John was surely one of the handsomer and brighter young men around Pittsburgh.
It got worse instead of better.
"Well, you shouldn't underestimate Edythe", Mousie said.
She didn't have a bad shape when you caught her at the pool at Longue Vue, but her bathing suits were far from smart.
Though that may be unfair since Ben Cooper, John's first son, came along early in 1938, the cutest baby you ever saw and a blessing that he looked all Cooper from fontanel to pink toes, nary a trace of Edythe.
after the war back to the heir apparency of the steel company.
Linda Evans felt more wretched than she had ever dreamed Bobbie's death could move her to feeling.
Linda would have to wait, she knew.
She asked Bobbie.
"I think we're agreed that he and Evans are equal in ability, so we have to look at the thing in terms of incentive.
The job at Funk wasn't particularly better, but it got him away from being subordinate to John and assured him steady advancement, since Funk was owned to a large degree by various branches of Linda's family.
I stumbled through the hall, wondering who would be calling at this hour.
But if you're worried you can go home and check" --
Please, Janice.
Her face was flushed from sleep.
"That's Mrs. Roberts again", I said.
She didn't even give me a chance to refuse.
Her skin was stretched so tight that her cheekbones stuck out, and if looks could kill, Wally would have been dead.
Her eyes were wild.
Wally's lost his job!
She was coming to her senses enough to realize that you don't go traipsing off anywhere at two in the morning.
Whether or not Wally lost his job was no concern of mine.
Seems that the kid Wally had hired had a repair business of his own going on the side.
Now maybe they'd realize that life can be tough.
It was easy enough to say it, because of course we couldn't spare a cent.
But it would only be for a couple of weeks -- until they get straightened out".
It just seemed as if there was nothing else to do.
"You're too lazy to go out and look for another job.
"You can get something," Nadine would snap.
Part of it was the weather, so foggy it would take me twice as long to get to the hospital.
Maybe I didn't see as much of Gladdy as I'd like, but how much worse it would have been if I'd had to board her out somewhere after Alice went -- send my daughter to an orphanage or a boarding-home.
It made me feel good and knowing that she'd decided, all on her own, to go to college right here in town made me feel good, too.
I'm Chief of Medicine here and this morning would start like all others, with me taking the boys on the rounds.
We didn't get many at Fairview and they were never pretty sights.
Her coarse hair was two-colored -- bleached blonde and its real, dirty gray.
I tell you, it took every ounce of control I had to be able to speak.
I asked.
That done, I told Miss Groggins to take her patient back to bed and again put her out of my mind.
But that was ridiculous, of course.
But she seemed to be dozing and in any case, we'd been talking in low tones.
"No".
"Will you tell me why"?
Her little speech was totally out of character with the sort of person I thought she was.
She could have found out my first name, of course -- that wouldn't be difficult.
"What's the matter, Joe, you scared of me?
The last thing I remember is a bar in San Diego" --
If I let her go, she'd disappear once more.
The metal-tasting nitrogen made me wonder if I should remove the mouthpiece and suck in the sweet water.
I was twenty-one back then, in the army, and fog put our plane down at Orly instead of Rhine-Main.
I never got there.
Is your evening free"?
I had part of a bottle of French beer called Panther Pils (so help me), then switched to Tuborg.
I felt better Tuesday evening when I woke up.
She saw me and sat down beside me, three feet away.
After a while she said with sort of an unuttered laugh, "You have snow in your hair and ears".
"Well -- women and unhappiness go together", I observed profoundly, adding, "You can wager your derriere on that".
She asked.
There wasn't much light in the blue dark, but I could see her well.
I sensed no stranger in her.
Maybe closer to thirty, I thought.
I gave it to the woman.
The coffee wasn't very hot though, made in a filter pot, but it was good.
"I didn't really use yours", she went on.
"What is this from"?
He must have thought I was a tourist.
She would see them, looking just as they had in the books, and this would make up a part of her delight.
The Spanish Steps.
The sun warmed her, as it seemed to be warming everything, perhaps even the underside of stones or the chill insides of churches.
She had reason indeed to wonder how the letter had managed to find her.
This letter would have got to me if she hadn't even put Rome, Italy, on it.
Theresa had seen him through the right college, into the right fraternity, and though pursued by various girls and various mammas of girls, safely married to the right sort, however much in the early years of that match his wife, Anne, had not seemed to understand poor George.
Can you think of anything to do"?
Cousin Emma is alone in that big old house and won't hear to parting from it.
I really shouldn't have smoked a cigarette so early in the day, thought Theresa, it always makes me sick.
He knew how to spread himself against the borders of the space that had to separate them.
They were even, Anne and George, probably thinking themselves very considerate in not hinting that she really should cut out "one or two countries" and come home in August to get Cousin Emma's house ready before the teachers came to Tuxapoka in September.
"Mi diapiace, Signora, ma insomma.
I never heard my folks talk about her, though.
Honest, kitten, that's all it is -- I don't even like Lucille much".
The most unbelievable thing about the chance meeting was that he seemed interested in me, too.
And he wouldn't leave her either -- he'd told me that.
"I always imagined I would probably end up marrying a minister or somebody like that.
"And never show my face or my truck around here again".
He'd just admitted it to me.
My very first time.
Always".
It's never wrong if love is real".
Wouldn't Johnnie do practically anything in the world to insure my happiness?
He was plenty attentive, all right, but he behaved like a gentleman, and I figured that, emotionally, I was closer to his age than to my own eighteen and a half.
Love you".
I hadn't been doing as much work as I used to in Westfield and I felt funny about that and wanted to work harder than ever.
Outside the hall, I anxiously looked around for her, then all at once there was a hand on my elbow.
My folks wouldn't dream of having alcohol in the house, so my first taste of it had been -- of course -- with Johnnie.
I drew back.
Under normal circumstances, he had a certain bright-eyed all-American-boy charm, with great appeal for young ladies, old ladies, and dogs.
And where was the thing?
The others will make you a little more comfortable until you get it licked.
In these damp circumstances, he was an odds-on bet to develop pneumonia.
She studied him briefly.
His first thought was that Mrs. Kirby, in her mania for color, had dyed a cat and that cat had somehow managed to open the refrigerator door and climb in;
He scrawled "Sorry" across the bottom of the note and then, against his better judgment, added: "Don't you eat"?
Now, if this were Vivian next door to him and if, for some obscure female reason, she kept her clothes in the refrigerator, they would not be pink.
"Oh, yes.
That pale kind's the worst".
He looked more closely.
It gave him a good feeling.
He had to write very small to get it on the bottom of the scrap of paper.
"You won't, if you're looking for a redhead.
Finally, in desperation, he opened the refrigerator, filched her hand lotion, and left a note.
it was a tough world, and you had to be tough to hold your own.
"That Mrs. Kirby!
but the picture of Tom Swift is pretty sinister.
Third base"!
This brought in everybody from both sides, while the spectators stood up and added to the uproar.
"You're in for trouble".
When Deegan smiled his eyes never fit in with his lips.
The Anniston players and their manager ran out on the field.
He was followed by four of his men.
"Stop it, will you?
The first ball the hefty pitcher threw came in for Mike's head.
Mike was slow getting into the box this time.
Deegan dropped, got up, turned and, holding the bat with both hands up against his chest, began to walk slowly out to the mound.
"It's a helluva thing", Mike said, looking at Phil, "when a guy's own team-mate won't come out and help him in a fight".
You didn't think it was necessary".
And Phil banged his locker door shut and spun around.
Phil had to clear his throat.
I am saying you're not a professional ballplayer".
"Now don't tell me what a good ball player you are.
Or even the way you run bases.
He's wrong!
You'll get your pay in the morning".
Phil sighed.
The leagues are full of guys like that".
"Will you do it, Phil"?
"Don't worry", Frankie said.
For his birthday, because Richard had seen them in a store and asked for them, his mother bought him the Zend-Avesta and a little image of the Indian god, Acala.
Although he still didn't speak to anyone, he grew fond of saying, "The future lies in Asia", when the opportunity arose, and when he graduated from high school his parents sent him to New York to give him a foundation, they said, for his life in Asian studies.
As for The Book of the Dead, it along with his other books on religion had been incarcerated in a furnace in the basement of the building in which he had lived in New York.
He had nothing much to say to her but that he said anything seemed to please her and he accompanied her on some of her unusually searching tours of Tokyo.
Three of the four persons present, all foreign students in Tokyo, had been playing a game of judging popular Japanese foods by the In and Out system, an equation in which Zen philosophy was used as the modifier.
"For a minute, anyhow.
This is the interesting part, Richard", she had a bothersome habit of trying to pull him into the talking.
Fudo, the god of wisdom, was also thought of as the Japanese version of Acala.
On the hillside above was caged what might have been an incarnation of Fudo, or perhaps a demon.
He walked all the miles back to his room.
I almost ran over the snake before I could stop the tractor in time.
My movement did frighten the snake and it raised its head and trailed delicately a couple of feet and stopped again, and its tongue was working very rapidly.
I lowered him so he would not fall and his body slid out onto the cool, newly-plowed earth, from between my pale hands.
The boy was there at the lower corner of the field, and he was in the plowed earth, stamping with ferocity and a kind of frenzied impatience.
I felt the anger mount within me.
He asked, as he often did, and I had as often let him be on the tractor beside me.
He tried to take my hand to show me.
This snake could not harm anything".
there was a contorted ugliness now;
The boy came around behind me, dragging the stake.
"Don't", I said.
Cady Partlow lit his pipe with no comfort.
It wouldn't help anyway.
He put down his pipe and started to type.
His chief motivation for enrolling at Hanford is the desire to" --
He told Hanford his son wanted to go into the field of electronics.
Half of it was natural, half was Smith College.
"I was just thinking how things have changed.
He's president of the rocket club here, you know.
So sorry.
He liked her blond hair and the sprinkle of freckles across her nose.
Cady, deep in thought, neither heard nor answered.
"Don't worry about it, Dave.
He looks a little bit frayed".
Hanford College hasn't decided on Dave's application yet.
Cady stuck his jaw out.
David's interests.
"But he plays bass with Chief Crazy Horse and his Five Colts"!
"All right.
Cady felt the jolt as though he had stepped off the curb on his heel.
But subconsciously you've wanted him to conform to your mold.
You can't run a war with ninety-nine generals and one private"!
But it was fun those first days, kidding about the trail of garments he left littered across the rug.
They married.
"Now, I'm not going to pick up those shorts"!
They gave the room a strange note of incongruity, like a mole on a beautiful face.
Dolores stood motionless in the doorway.
All evening Anthea favored him with odd, coy looks.
He shivered.
It wasn't even true that he'd said he was sorry that time;
These stray people nearly always insisted on Dolores showing them around the apartment.
They entered the bedroom, and Dolores said nothing.
But Martin seldom felt the impulse to talk about anything.
He had thought her exactly what he wanted.
When the solution finally came to him, one night while he was in bed, he was so shaken by its simplicity that he could only wonder why it had not occurred to him before.
She had used his rumpled shorts as the very image of his childishness, his lack of control, his general male looseness, while she remained cool, airy, and untouched, the charming teacher who disciplined an unruly body.
He saw that in a moment she had grasped all the implications of a plot which had been weeks in occurring to him.
As a prominent industrialist, you ought to be interested in his nibs'support group.
Shortly after, Freddy had his usual proliferation of bold ideas.
Feeling his power, Freddy looked for additional worlds to conquer.
In the end, he said: "I'm not enchanted by the proposition, sir.
Can't you stay with what you have and wait till the dust settles"?
If we don't take care, the sisters will be entering the fray on opposite sides, brandishing their cudgels".
He forgot about A-Z till, unhappily, he and Hamrick were proved correct.
Will you see if you can help me"?
"Your alternative is breathtaking", he said, "and, I'm frank in saying, a bit mad.
"I should explain: there's more here for me than advocating my little dream, there's you.
Move over, General Motors".
"I'm an advertising hustler, I admit, but I have to get hot once in a larger sphere.
We've got rid of the steam yachts and Georgian houses, and the bloated, too-expensive automobile is next.
If we can't raise the capital, we're through.
"All the in-laws have got to have their day", Adam said, and glared at William and Freddy in turn.
), had listed himself for Mormon Beard roles at the instigation of his fourth murder victim who had said: "With your beard, dear, you ought to be in movies"!
The detective, commenting on Barco's behavior, felt that he merely belonged among the myriad citizens of our community who are mentally unhinged -- that he was a more or less harmless "nut"!
Now Welch had a pet theory that everyone is guilty of breaking more laws than he ever gets caught at.
But to Welch's chagrin, the police captain pooh-poohed Welch's credulity in Barco's confession.
He queried.
Orders were given to dig.
Said the digger.
I knew that both these cynics were waiting with impatience for the dramatic moment when Viola was called to the stand.
Viola had been urged to attend, by telephone, and not knowing the host or the character of the party, she had gone.
The effect on the intellectuals among his audience may well be imagined.
There, Mother was received by the scions of aristocratic lines which are dominated by the Budweisers (of beer derivation), the Chalmers (of underwear origin), and the Heinzes (whose forbears founded a nationally famous trade in pickles).
There was to be roast chicken with dressing, giblet gravy, asparagus, new peas with a sprig of mint, creamed onions, and mashed potatoes -- all chosen, prepared, and cooked by Viola herself.
Speaking into the phone again and recognizing the caller, I resumed my everyday voice.
How about them, I thought.
It was during her "writing" period that she and Herb met and decided that they were in love.
Their house was a centuries-old Colonial which they had had restored (guided by an eminent architect) and updated, and added on to.
It seemed, indeed, that their house was not so much a home, but rather a perfect stage set, and that they were actors who had been handed fat roles in a successful play, and had talent enough to fill the roles competently, with nice understatement.
I had once been a witness when Blanche had smiled and said with only minimum ruefulness, "Oh, my souffle has collapsed".
Grazie had a small, slick head and her hair and skin were the color of golden toast.
In deference to country-squirehood.
" I thought, and wondered what kind of homesteads such odd pioneers would establish in this suburban frontier;
Becoming aware that it was nearly lunchtime, I brought myself back to the tasks at hand.
)
After an unspeakable siege, lasting the better part of two months, it was announced that the studio "owed" the government a tax debt in excess of eight million dollars while I, who had always remained aloof from such iniquitous practices as paying taxes on the salary I had earned and the little I legally inherited as Morris'helpless relict, was "stung" with a personal bill of such astronomical proportions as to "wipe out" all but a fraction of my poor, hard-come-by savings.
I was, it seemed, persona non grata in every quarter, but not entirely without a staunch following of noted political thinkers and students of jurisprudence.
Needless to say, my art suffered drastically during this turbulent period.
Never once did he buy me a single gift and for our third anniversary he gave me a dislocated jaw.
(I sometimes feel that God, in His infinite wisdom, wants us to have these inexplicable little lapses of memory.
As Letch's antisocial conduct increased, our invitations decreased and my heart was in my mouth whenever I played hostess at a fashionable "screenland" gathering.
Most of our working days were spent on the telephone calling "bookies", illegal gambling dens, a certain "residential club for young actresses", more than a hundred different bars or the steam room of the athletic club.
It turned out to be a life of Martin Luther, of all things!
I really loved that boy, and, in a feverish attempt to preserve our marriage and to try to revive the wonderful, wonderful person Letch had once been, I took my troubles to Momma, hoping that her earthy advice would help me.
Once he disposed of these items which screamed so harshly for attention, he could undertake the things which really counted.
You certainly couldn't take them into the little apartment and if you tried to farm them out for two or three days every week they would become so confused that they would have nervous breakdowns.
Did men become perfectionists as they grew older, polishing, polishing, reluctant to let go?
On some distant farm a rooster crowed and, far down the valley, an associate answered.
He didn't even ask the cost of this collection.
How in the world did one attach a pegboard to a stone wall?
Mr. Mills had done some figuring on a scrap of paper and given him the various kinds of boards and two-by-fours which, properly handled, would, he had assured him, turn into a workbench.
He didn't seem to think that attaching a pegboard to a stone wall was much of a problem and he tossed off the building of the worktable equally lightly.
Mr. Blatz had been at least sober enough to remember to telephone and he turned out to be the greatest boon that had come into Mr. Crombie's life since he moved to Highfield, in spite of the fact that he didn't work very fast or very long at a time, and he didn't like to work at all unless Mr. Crombie hung around and talked to him.
There was no question of that.
"Well", he said, "got your man fixed up nice down there.
"I've been waiting to get these things done for months", she said.
There are many types of ambiguity and many of them have been described by rhetoricians under such names as amphibology, parisology, and other ologies.
Another case involves a newspaper reporter who tripped up a politician.
Replied the Senator.
When radio came in, it continued the misplaced modifier in its routines as a standard device.
Since brevity is the soul of ambiguity as well as wit, newspaper headlines continually provide us with amusing samples.
This slip is so-called because its semi-ambiguous English always seems to refer to a person's anatomy but never quite means what it seems to say.
Strangely enough, this always brought the house down.
"That's silly -- lemon in mouth", she said.
A woman met a famous author at a literary tea.
Why, it's all right, isn't it, Mother"?
A news item described the launching of a ship: "Completing the ceremony, the beautiful movie star smashed a bottle of champagne over her stern as she slid gracefully down the ways into the sea".
"A blue suit", he answered.
"That's one thing I've never done", she said promptly.
One said, "When I get a cold I buy a bottle of whiskey for it, and within a few hours it's gone".
"I seem to remember", he said, "that in an interview ten years ago you gave humor and comedy five years to live.
Do you want to hear the paraphrase"?
I took a deep breath and an even deeper swallow of my drink, and said, "I admit that going back to Ralph Waldo Emerson for humor is like going to a modern musical comedy for music and comedy".
"If we cannot tell evil, horror, and insanity from nonsense, what is the future of humor and comedy"?
"We no longer have Tom Moore's and Longfellow's'heart for any fate', either", I said.
"I should say it is the turning of courts of law into veritable theatres for sex dramas, involving clergymen and parishioners, psychiatrists and patients.
"Too many of our writers seem to be interested only in creatures that crawl out of the woodwork or from under the rock".
It now means, in my country, homosexual", I said.
The sound mockery of sheep is like the salubrious horse laugh".
In his famous meeting with Nixon a couple of years ago he seemed to believe that he was as funny as Ed Wynn.
Moreland went over to stare at his peacocks again, and then came back and sat down, restively.
"There was also Gott strafe Angleterre", Moreland reminded me, "and Carthago delenda est, or if you will, Deus strafe Carthage.
He looked so comfortable being straight.
The policeman walked on, but he looked back once.
Asked the children, whose reflexes and replies were invariably so admirably normal and predictable.
"Not the least bit", Arlene snapped.
Then, Arlene threw herself backwards and wiggled in a way that was just wonderful.
"This time", Arlene said, and she even kept on wiggling a little bit while she was just talking, "you're going to tell me what I am and what I'm doing.
Then there was the General kissing his wife.
It wasn't very funny.
"Imagine you won't get your allowance if you're caught not smiling -- or smiling with your lips trembling too much", Arlene suggested.
and Arlene began tapping the kitchen door open.
It never worked, naturally;
"But do you know something curious"?
for she knew and we knew that it was cowardice that had made one more radish that night just too impossible a strain.
Sometimes, as at this juncture, he did not.
"Tell Mr. Gorboduc what you're doing these days", my mother advised the children, ceremonially.
He was forced to wipe his eyes.
Mr. Gorboduc was finally in command of his mind again.
"Say that again", she pleaded.
He would not look up.
A dead armadillo, the sole occupant of the stage, symbolizes the crisis and destruction of the Old Order.
The breeze and chancellor Neitzbohr, a movie melodrama that concerns the attempts of a West German politician to woo a plaster cast of the Apollo Belvedere.
Those persons who were lucky enough to see and hear the performance of his work at the Brest-Silevniov Festival in August, 1916, will certainly welcome his return to public notice;
The latest and, significantly, greatest fruit of this theatrical vine is The, an adaptation of Basho's classic frog-haiku by Roger Entwhistle, a former University of Maryland chemistry instructor.
Done in the modern style of a "confession", Fink tells in exquisite detail how he came to know, and, more important, love his mother's pet salamander, Alicia.
Bravado has been alternately described as "a symbol of the new grandeur of France and myself" (De Gaulle) and "a decadent, disgusting slob"!
The sweep of space, the delicate counterbalance of the white masses, the over-all completeness and unity, the originality and imagination, all entitle it to be called an authentic masterpiece.
My object, rather, is to alert you to an aspect or two of the affair that could have the gravest implications for you, far beyond the legal sanctions society might inflict.
Rummaging through a stack of drawers nearby, you unearthed an antique French chess set in ivory and sandalwood, which, along with two box Kodaks, you added to your haul.
Now, you probably share the widespread Western belief that the Lord Buddha is the most compassionate of the gods, much more so than Jehovah and Allah and the rest.
a friend of mine removing her from the curio cabinet for inspection was felled as if by a hammer, but he had previously drunk a quantity of applejack.
The teeth will rain from his mouth like pebbles, his wife will make him cocu with fishmongers, and a trolley car will grow in his stomach.
After a while, we became aware that the money was disappearing as fast as we replenished it.
"Now he's bought it", said my wife contentedly.
Reduced to beggary, he at last got a job as office boy to a television producer.
The inventory you acquired from me isn't going to be easy to move;
From what I was able to gauge in a swift, greedy glance, the figure inside the coral-colored boucle dress was stupefying.
