"Only a relative handful of such reports was received", the jury said, "considering the widespread interest in the election, the number of voters and the size of this city".
The grand jury took a swipe at the State Welfare Department's handling of federal funds granted for child welfare services in foster homes.
The jury did not elaborate, but it added that "there should be periodic surveillance of the pricing practices of the concessionaires for the purpose of keeping the prices reasonable".
They have a son, William Berry Jr., and a daughter, Mrs. J. M. Cheshire of Griffin.
He will be succeeded by Ivan Allen Jr., who became a candidate in the Sept. 13 primary after Mayor Hartsfield announced that he would not run for reelection.
Sam Caldwell, State Highway Department public relations director, resigned Tuesday to work for Lt. Gov. Garland Byrd's campaign.
The bond issue will go to the state courts for a friendly test suit to test the validity of the act, and then the sales will begin and contracts let for repair work on some of Georgia's most heavily traveled highways.
As of Sunday night, there was no word of a resolution being offered there to rescind the action.
The new school superintendent is Harry Davis, a veteran agriculture teacher, who defeated Felix Bush, a school principal and chairman of the Miller County Democratic Executive Committee.
Ordinary Williams said he, too, was subjected to anonymous calls soon after he scheduled the election.
Daniel termed "extremely conservative" his estimate that it would produce 17 million dollars to help erase an anticipated deficit of 63 million dollars at the end of the current fiscal year next Aug. 31.
Cox argued that the bill is "probably unconstitutional" since, he said, it would impair contracts.
While details are still to be worked out, Ratcliff said he expects to tell home folks in Dallas why he thinks Berry's proposed constitutional amendment should be rejected.
The third amended the enabling act for creation of the Lamar county Hospital District, for which a special constitutional amendment previously was adopted.
Under Formby's plan, an appointee would be selected by a board composed of the governor, lieutenant governor, speaker of the House, attorney general and chief justice of the Texas Supreme Court.
-- Paradise lost to the alleged water needs of Texas'big cities Thursday.
This would help the little peanut districts".
Paris, Texas (sp.)
-- Principals of the 13 schools in the Denton Independent School District have been re-elected for the 1961-62 session upon the recommendation of Supt. Chester O. Strickland.
Other recommendations made by the committee are:
It is impossible to get a fair trial when some of the defendants made statements involving themselves and others".
Asked to elaborate, Pierre Salinger, White House press secretary, replied, "I would say it's got to go thru several more drafts".
Mayer Goldberg, attorney for election judges in the 58th precinct of the 23d ward, argued this procedure constituted intimidation.
Two other cases also were under advisement.
The social security payroll tax is now 6 per cent -- 3 per cent on each worker and employer -- on the first $4,800 of pay per year.
The aged care plan carries these benefits for persons over 65 who are under the social security and railroad retirement systems: 1
Calls proposal modest
The President said the nation's 92 medical and 47 dental schools cannot now handle the student load needed to meet the rising need for health care.
He asked for another 10 million dollar "initial" appropriation for "stimulatory grants" to states to improve nursing homes.
Reaction as expected
A number of scattered "ayes" and "noes" was heard.
The nightmare of a clash between those in trouble in Africa, exacerbated by the difficulties, changes, and tragedies facing them, and other allies who intellectually and emotionally disapprove of the circumstances that have brought these troubles about, has been conspicuous by its absence.
Exploratory mood
Each ally will have to carry out obligations long since laid down, but never completely fulfilled.
This is another of the modifications of policy on Laos that the Kennedy administration has felt compelled to make.
One Republican senator told this correspondent that he was constantly being asked why he didn't attack the Kennedy administration on this score.
But he did recommend that President Kennedy state clearly that if Communist countries shipped any further arms to Cuba that it would not be tolerated.
But the Communists aided the Pathet Lao at an even faster rate.
If the administration ever had any ideas that it could find an acceptable alternative to Prince Souvanna Phouma, whom it felt was too trusting of Communists, it gradually had to relinquish them.
Simultaneously the President announced Thursday the appointment of David L. Hackett, a special assistant to the Attorney General, as executive director of the new Committee on Juvenile Delinquency and Youth Crime.
Mr. Hawksley said he believed there are a number of qualified city residents who would be willing to take the full-time CD job.
Riverside residents would go to the Seekonk assembly point.
Mr. Notte was responding to a resolution adopted by the Central Falls City Council on July 10 and sent to the state house by Miss Grant.
The Central Falls City Council expressed concern especially that more foods be placed on the eligible list and that neighborhood grocery and variety stores be allowed to do business on Sunday.
That, he added, was when he was "a very young man, a machinist and toolmaker by trade.
Mr. Reama, far from really being retired, is engaged in industrial relations counseling.
Mr. Martinelli said yesterday that the Citizens Group of Johnston will meet again July 24 to plan further strategy in the charter movement.
Several signers affixed their names, it was learned, after being told that no tax increase would be possible without consent of the General Assembly and that a provision could be included in the charter to have the town take over the Johnston Sanitary District sewer system.
The controversial remark was first made Sunday by Hughes at a Westfield Young Democratic Club cocktail party at the Scotch Plains Country Club.
Regrets attack
"But I am not in favor of a sales or state income tax at this time", Mitchell said.
"Such a vicious statement can only have its origin in the desire of a new political candidate to try to make his name known by condemning a man of world stature.
"We are now witnessing an effort to transfer to Mr. Mitchell some of the glow of Sen. Case's candidacy of last year.
Sheeran, a lawyer and former FBI man is running against the Republican organization's candidate, Freeholder William MacDonald, for the vacancy left by the resignation of Neil Duffy, now a member of the State Board of Tax Appeals.
He introduced regular briefing sessions for district fire wardens and first aid training for section wardens.
"We'll take the truth to the people, and the people will like the truth and elect their candidate and party in November".
Conservation plan
-- Fifteen members of the Republican State Committee who are retiring -- voluntarily -- this year were honored yesterday by their colleagues.
Some viewed this attempt as evidence that Mr. Wagner regarded himself as bigger than the party.
Apparently he believes Mr. Buckley holds the key to the Democratic organization's acceptance of his choices for running mates without a struggle.
Boston, June 16
A succession of highly publicized scandals has aroused the public within the last year.
In the House, the Southern-Republican coalition is expected to make another major stand in opposition to the Administration's housing bill, while more jockeying is expected in an attempt to advance the aid-to-education bill.
The education bill appears to be temporarily stalled in the Rules Committee, where two Northern Democratic members who usually vote with the Administration are balking because of the religious controversy.
They will be for teaching, agriculture and community development in Southeast Asia, Africa, the Middle East and Latin America.
"I don't work for the Government", the American said.
Mr. Khrushchev was jesting in the expansive mood of the successful banker.
India is the most populous United Nations member with more than 400,000,000 inhabitants.
-- The three leaders of Laos agreed today to begin negotiations tomorrow on forming a coalition government that would unite the war-ridden kingdom.
Princess Moune, Prince Souvanna Phouma's young daughter, read the Princes'statement.
From June, 1942, until December, 1945, Pfaff served in the Army Air Corps.
Many buildings
Also the department of justice building is located where J. Edgar Hoover presides over the federal bureau of investigation.
division four will be headed by the Navy, followed by 11 states;
Some predict the administration will settle down during 1961 and iron out the rough edges which it has had thus far.
With eyes focused on the third congressional district, the historic Delta district, and Congressman Frank E. Smith as the one most likely to go, the redistricting battle will put to a test the longstanding power which lawmakers from the Delta have held in the Legislature.
-- The Gov. Jimmie H. Davis administration appears to face a difficult year in 1961, with the governor's theme of peace and harmony subjected to severe stresses.
The tax bill will be up for reconsideration Wednesday in the House when the Legislature reconvenes.
He could tell the Legislature they had provided the needed funds to carry on the battle.
The prospect of cutting back spending is an unpleasant one for any governor.
Hemphill said that the Hughes Steel Erection Co. contracted to do the work at an impossibly low cost with a bid that was far less than the "legitimate" bids of competing contractors.
The Hughes company and the Consolidated Industries, Inc., both of 3646 N. 2d St., filed for reorganization under the Federal bankruptcy law.
The city paid for work on 75, of which no more than 21 were repaired, Hemphill charged.
'know enough to sue'
His testimony came during a hearing on a bill raising fees for a wide variety of licenses, permits and city services.
Commissioner replies
The petitions will be presented in open court to President Judge William F. Dannehower, Davenport said.
It is designated as Stage 1 Residential on the Redevelopment Authority's master plan and will feature row houses, garden apartments, four small parks, schools, churches, a shopping center and several small clusters of stores.
-- The president of the Kansas City local of the International Association of Fire Fighters was severly injured today when a bomb tore his car apart as he left home for work.
The left front wheel landed 100 feet away.
Mining is secretary-treasurer of the local and Shiflett is a member of its executive committee.
Vincent G. Ierulli has been appointed temporary assistant district attorney, it was announced Monday by Charles E. Raymond, District Attorney.
Insuring that the countries have a freedom of choice, he said, was the biggest detriment to the Soviet Union.
Martin said the government has been working to establish firmer prices on primary products which may involve the total income of one country.
Dr. Barnes said that there seemed to be feeling that evacuation plans, even for a high school where there were lots of cars "might not be realistic and would not work".
He will attend a meeting of the Republican State Central Committee Saturday in Portland and see the Washington-Oregon football game.
-- Three positions on the Oak Lodge Water district board of directors have attracted 11 candidates.
The council agreed it should more firmly state its belief in and dependence on the Bible.
-- His miracles
The Rev. R. L. Brandt, national secretary of the home missions department, stressed the need for the first two years'work.
To accomplish this would necessitate some changes in methods, he said.
In denying motions for dismissal, Judge Powell stated that mass trials have been upheld as proper in other courts and that "a person may join a conspiracy without knowing who all of the conspirators are".
Over the first five frames, Jack Fisher, the big righthander who figures to be in the middle of Oriole plans for a drive on the 1961 American League pennant, held the A's scoreless while yielding three scattered hits.
Hartman impressive
John Powell, batting for Adair, fanned after fouling off two 2-and-2 pitches, and Buddy Barker, up for Stepanovich, bounced out sharply to Jerry Lumpe at second to end the 2-hour-and-27-minute contest.
Carey Singles
The big, 22-year-old shortstop, the 1960 American league "rookie-of-the-year", flew here late this afternoon from Baltimore, signed his contract for an estimated $15,000 and was a spectator at tonight's 5-to-3 loss to Kansas City -- the winless Birds'sixth setback in a row.
Skinny Brown and Hoyt Wilhelm, the Flock's veteran knuckleball specialists, are slated to oppose the American League champions in tomorrow's 8 P.M. contest.
"Take a ride on this one", Brooks Robinson greeted Hansen as the Bird third sacker grabbed a bat, headed for the plate and bounced a third-inning two-run double off the left-centerfield wall tonight.
Bowie, Md., March 17
Cleveland, March 17 (AP)
San Francisco, March 17 (AP)
Moritz doesn't even have a nose guard or hip pads but he's one of the most valuable members of the Longhorn team that will be heavily favored Saturday over Oklahoma in the Cotton Bowl.
Moritz said Monday his leg feels fine and, as a result, he hopes to start practicing field goals this week.
"Once you get the feel of it, there's not much to it.
he now has 273 yards in 22 tries during three games.
It was the first time we've been ahead this season (when John Richey kicked what proved to be the winning field goal)".
One was on a fourth-down screen pass from the Mustang 21 after an incomplete pass into Gannon's territory.
He got hit from the blind side by the split end coming back on the second play of the game.
-- Held out of Texas Tech's sweat-suits drill Monday at Lubbock was tackle Richard Stafford, who is undergoing treatment for a leg injury suffered in the Raiders'38-7 loss to Texas A & M Because of its important game with Arkansas coming up Saturday, Baylor worked out in the rain Monday -- mud or no mud.
"Buster would solve that quarterback problem just as we head that way".
The Texans made themselves a comforting break on the opening kickoff when Denver's Al Carmichael was jarred loose from the ball when Dave Grayson, the speedy halfback, hit him and Guard Al Reynolds claimed it for Dallas.
Rookie Ron Nischwitz continued his pinpoint pitching Monday night as the Bears made it two straight over Indianapolis, 5-3.
Jay Porter drew a base on balls to fill the bases but Don Wert's smash was knocked down by Rudolph for the putout.
It was the season's first night game and an obvious refocusing of the lights are in order.
Lemon was on with his fourth single of the game, a liner to center.
-- Boston Red Sox Outfielder Jackie Jensen said Monday night he was through playing baseball.
You'll probably get a ball bat on the head.
I can't run.
But there surely can be no doubt about the slender southpaw belonging with the all-time great lefthanders in the game's history.
This is an issue which boils down to a matter of opinion, depending on whether you're an American or National fan and anti or pro-Yankee.
Actually they were helpless to do anything about the nationwide policy.
Hector Lopez, subbing for Berra, smashed a 3-run homer off Bill Henry during another 5-run explosion in the fourth.
Skorich received a three-year contract at a salary believed to be between $20,000 and $25,000 a year.
With Skorich at the helm, the Eagles are expected to put more emphasis on running, rather than passing.
The Eagles signed him for Shaw's staff in 1959.
Graham will be recognized for his meritorious service to baseball and will get the William J. Slocum Memorial Award.
When that failed, he enlisted Branch Rickey's aid in the formation of a third major league, the Continental, with New York as the key franchise.
He played basketball there while working toward a law degree.
The writers'Gold Tee Award will go to John McAuliffe of Plainfield, N. J., and Palm Beach, Fla., for his sponsorship of charity tournaments.
And it also stayed the hands of thousands of brooding incompetents who were meditating the abandonment of a sport whose frustrations were driving them to despair.
He tried again and once more sliced out of bounds.
Stickler for rules
His first shot in the Open last year landed in a brook that flowed along the right side of the fairway.
It happened on the twelfth hole, a 155-yarder.
The golfing fathers ruled in his favor.
Nine of the league's teams play in baseball parks and therefore face an early-season conflict in dates.
3 The Redbirds'disheartening 11-7 collapse against the Phillies Sunday.
That means Stan Musial probably will ride the bench on the seventh anniversary of his record five-home run day against the Giants.
Despite the recession, Pittsburgh came into town with this imposing list of averages: Smoky Burgess, Gino Cimoli, Bill Virdon, Bob Clemente and Dick Groat, each
Six Bucs over.
Those Dodgers won their first 10 games and owned a 21-2 mark and a nine-game lead by May 8.
We'd be losing at halftime to a good team and Hartweger would say,'Don't worry, Coach -- we'll get'em all right'".
Bevo was congratulated for his efforts to stay in shape so that he could help the team if his knee healed in time.
Scherer also had a big night at bat with four hits in five trips including a double, Len Boehmer also was 4-for-5 with two doubles and Dave Ritchie had a home run and a triple.
Mantle, the bull-necked blond switch-hitter, had one sensational triple-crown season, 1959, when he batted and also led the American League in home runs, 52, and rbi's, 130.
Stengel inherited DiMaggio, Rizzuto, but he brought up Mantle from Class C to the majors, from Joplin to New York.
Next to Leo Durocher, Dark taught Mays the most when he was a grass-green rookie rushed up to the Polo Grounds 10 years ago this month, to help the Giants win a dramatic pennant.
The bridegroom's children were here for the Christmas holidays and can't return.
The board's last money raising event was a performance by Harry Belafonte -- "quite off-beat for this group", decided some of the members.
Mr. and Mrs. Stevens and the bride's other uncles and aunts, the Rush C. Butlers, the Homer E. Robertsons, and the David Q. Porters, will give the bridal dinner tonight in the Stevenses'home.
First, Honolulu
Burke-Rostagno
Mrs. William Odell, Mrs. Clinton B. King, John Holabird Jr., Norman Boothby, and Actress Maureen O'Sullivan will judge the costumes in the grand march at the Affaire Old Towne Bal Masque tomorrow in the Germania club.
The Living Room has another scoop: Jane Russell will make one of her rare night club singing appearances there, opening Jan. 22.
The only current event they're staging is the big show at the Stadium Nov. 25, when Danny will entertain thousands of underprivileged kids.
In honor of the Wackers'new baby.
The jotted Lyon: This mad world dept.: Khrush and the Kremlin crowd are confident all right.
My idea of masterful movie making.
Gene Marshall, genial manager of the club, has announced that the Garden of the Gods will open to members Thursday, June 1.
Brig. Gen. and Mrs. Robert F. McDermott will entertain at a black tie dinner Wednesday, May 3, in the Officers'Club at the Air Force Academy.
The event, staged yearly by Neusteters, will be held in the Opera House Wednesday, Aug. 16.
Those qualities make Esther Marr a popular asset at the Salvation Army's Social Center at 1200 Larimer St.
"And I bum tickets to everything I can", she said.
Home is where a man was born, reared, went to school and, most particularly, where grandma is.
There the Royal Motel advertises "all facilities, vented heat, air conditioned, carpeted, free TV, storm cellar".
Oxnard, Calif., will be the home of the Rev. Robert D. Howard and his bride, the former Miss Judith Ellen Gay, who were married Saturday at the Munger Place Methodist Church.
The Rev. Richard Freeman of Texas City officiated and Charles Pabor and Mrs. Marvin Hand presented music.
They will live at 2705 Fitzhugh after a wedding trip to Corpus Christi.
The bride, daughter of Mr. and Mrs. Charles Ervin Glison of Pampa, has attended Texas Woman's University and will continue her studies at Aj.
But she does indicate festivities will start early, that a jazz combo will "give with the Basin Street beat" during the cocktail and dinner hours and that Lester Lanin's orchestra will take over during the dancing.
There will be masses of flowers, reproductions of the handsome old buildings with their grillwork and other things that are typical of New Orleans.
"Big business, this little Thrift Shop business", say the members.
Mr. and Mrs. B. Lewis Kaufnabb, for senior aides, and Mrs. Samuel P. Weinberg, for the bundles.
"We worry", say the mothers.
Mrs. Monte Tyson, chairman, says the work of 100 artists well known in the Delaware Valley area will be included in the exhibition and sale.
Dr. and Mrs. N. Volney Ludwick have had as guests Mr. and Mrs. John J. Evans, Jr., of "Kimbolton House", Rockhall, Md.
Mr. and Mrs. Harry D. Hoaps, Jr. have returned to their home in Drexel Park, after spending some time in Delray Beach Fla.
Her mother is the former Miss Stella Hayward.
The mother of young queen, Mrs. G. Henry Pierson Jr. chose a white brocade gown made on slim lines with panels of tomato-red and bright green satin extending down the back.
Salary cut and lay-offs
The victim, Norman B. Wiley, 38, of the 900 block North Charles Street, was treated for cuts at Franklin Square Hospital after the robbery.
The boy received second-degree burns of the face, neck and back.
"I hate to have these things come up again and again", Dr. Jenkins commented as he made his suggestion.
His condition was said to be, "fair".
The Councilman, who is the Administration floor leader, also criticized Bernard L. Werner, public works director, for "halting snow operations" on Tuesday night after the Sunday storm.
The victims were H. Malone Dresbach, 47, and his wife, Shirley, 46.
Two brothers adopted
Now 38, Mr. Simpkins was graduated from the University of Maryland's College of Agriculture in 1947.
A breakdown of the ten-month total showed:
"Convenience is therefore the key to the housing market today.
-- Vital secrets of Britain's first atomic submarine, the Dreadnought, and, by implication, of the entire United States navy's still-building nuclear sub fleet, were stolen by a London-based soviet spy ring, secret service agents testified today.
Gordon A. Lonsdale, 37, a mystery man presumed to be Russian although he carries a Canadian passport.
Her young British lawyer, James Dunlop, pleaded that she was sorely needed at her Portland home by her widowed mother, 80, her maiden aunt, also 80 and bedridden for 20 years, and her uncle, 76, who once ran a candy shop.
"Of highest value"
Britain began designing the ship in 1956 but got nowhere until the American government decided to end a ban on sharing military secrets with Britain that had been imposed after Fuchs blabbed.
The hull was also a result of almost a decade of work.
Designs of parts were sought.
This, he added, brought about "petty jealousies" and "petty personal grievances".
Robinson was treated at a physician's office for a cut over his left eyebrow and a possible sprained knee.
The son of a wealthy Evanston executive was fined $100 yesterday and forbidden to drive for 60 days for leading an Evanston policeman on a high speed chase over icy Evanston and Wilmette streets Jan. 20.
Stepson vindicated
Pohl confessed the arson while being questioned about several fires in the Westphalia area by State Police.
The jury, which was locked up in a motel overnight, was canvassed at the request of Walker after the verdict was announced.
Services tomorrow
and Bernardine, 1.
Vicky Kowalski meanwhile learned that several of her fellow students had collected almost $25 for her family during the lunch hour yesterday at Fuhrmann Junior High School, 5155 Fourteen Mile road east.
I wasn't sure there were such people anywhere in the world.
Given 15 days
Plea for arms
In the past such government claims have been found exaggerated.
Report others held
But an official statement adopted by the 33-man Emory board at its annual meeting Friday noted that state taxing requirements at present are a roadblock to accepting Negroes.
The student newspaper, The Emory Wheel, as early as the fall of 1954 called for desegregation.
The dead youth was identified as Robert E. Sims, 19, of 1688 Oak Knoll Cir., Aj.
However, three of the managers did say that they would agree to attend the proposed meeting if all of the other managers decided to attend.
A prepared statement released by the student group Friday stated that "extensive research by COAHR into techniques and methods of theater integration in other cities indicated that the presence of picket lines and stand-ins before segregated theaters causes a drop in profits"
John William Ball, 68, of 133 Marietta St. NW, Apartment 101b, died Sunday at his home.
A 24-year-old Atlanta man was arrested Sunday after breaking into the home of relatives in search of his wife, hitting his uncle with a rock and assaulting two police officers who tried to subdue him, police said.
About five minutes later he jumped up, Slate said, and struck the two policemen again.
As personnel clerk, she handled thousands of entries, ranging from appointments to jobs, to transfers to other employments, to pensions.
The north-bound entrance to the Expressway at 14th Street will be closed during the afternoon rush traffic hours this week.
That death occurred at 50 p.m. Friday and was reported Sunday, the patrol said.
No request for emergency allotment had yet been received, however.
He also said that the salary, in terms of going rates in the field, was "modest" in terms of the man's responsibility.
I think you fell short of the real truth in the matter: That the move is working out through the fine cooperation of the staff and all the people.
She was arrested by Phoenix Police after they received the indictment papers from Portland detectives.
The NLRB said that of 11 potentially eligible voters eight voted against the union, two voted for it, and one vote was challenged.
Al Kader Temple of the Shrine;
Services will be at 30 p.m. Monday at Holman & Son Funeral Home, with interment in Neveh Zebek cemetery.
National competition was the culmination of work which began with the school year last fall and continued until just before summer vacation.
Ann Wegener, Madison;
Finalists from the county's east end failed to place.
In poultry judging, blues were won by John Nyberg of Tualatin, Anne Batchelder of Hillsboro, Jim Shaw of Hillsboro, Stephanie Shaw of Hillsboro and Lynn Robinson of Tigard.
About 75 persons appeared at that time.
Mr. and Mrs. Stephen M. Kochanek reported the theft at their home on 41 Garden Hills Drive at about 6 last night.
Drawers and cabinets in two bedrooms and a sewing room were ransacked.
He was taken to the hospital by the North Providence ambulance.
Milton and Rosella Lovett of Cranston were awarded $55,000 damages from the state in Superior Court yesterday for industrial property which they owned at 83 Atwells Ave., Providence, and which was condemned for use in construction of Interstate Route 95.
Scores of Cranston children will be remembered.
The work added eight beds to the hospital, giving it a total capacity of 646 general beds.
-- The FBI yesterday arrested on a perjury charge one of the members of the jury that failed to reach a verdict in the "Freedom Rider" bus burning trial four weeks ago.
Two members of the panel later told in court about receiving telephone calls at their homes from anonymous persons expressing interest in the trial.
New York -- (UPI)
Buchheister told delegates to the West Coast Audubon Convention that aerial spraying in Louisiana failed to destroy its target, the fire ant.
Mrs. Norman Livermore, president of the Marin Conservation League, handed over the deed to the 645-acre tidelands tract south of Greenwood Beach to Carl W. Buchheister, president of the Society.
"I had developed the machines and therefore knew them.
"She flew beautifully", said Fiedler.
Now a family man with three children, Fiedler lives in a quiet residential area near the Lockheed plant at Sunnyvale.
In a letter to the American Friends Service, Dr. Schweitzer wrote:
Among his gangland buddies, he said, were Joseph (Joey) Glimco, a mob labor racketeer, and four gang gambling chiefs, Gus (Slim) Alex, Ralph Pierce, Joe (Caesar) DiVarco, and Jimmy (Monk) Allegretti.
Among the witnesses were Ed J. Lee, director of McCormick Place;
All of the loans, in amounts up to $5,000 each, have been repaid by Stein, according to Leavitt.
Huff's attorney, Antone F. Gregorio, quoted his client as saying that part of the embezzlement represented money paid to Huff, as attorney for the loan association, in satisfaction of mechanic's liens on property on which the association held mortgages.
All bounced.
Some Dallas investment firms got only 100 shares, for all of their customers.
Cable confirmation", it said translated.
Second, the "potato chip industry" has caught the fancy of investors lately, and until Morton Foods came along there were only two potato chip stocks -- Frito and H. W. Lay -- on the market.
Now, if Morton's newest product, a corn chip known as Chip-o's, turns out to sell as well as its stock did, the stock may turn out to be worth every cent of the prices that the avid buyers bid it up to.
Murray makes a complete line of ginning equipment except for driers and cleaners, and this machinery is purchased from a Dallas-based firm.
The company began operation in 1900 with hardware and oil mill supplies.
The firm is prominent in making equipment for cleaning seed cotton, driers, and heaters, and they lay claim to being the first maker (1910) of boil extraction equipment.
They've been in Dallas since 1921.
This year-to-year decline for Dallas County closely follows the national trend -- estimated sales of domestic cars in the U.S. for first three months of 1961 were about 1,212,000 or 80 per cent of the total in the first quarter a year earlier.
The 33 honored students are: Mike Trigg, Raymond Arrington, and Ronald Kaminsky of Bryan Adams, Janice Whitney, Fil Terral, and Carl David Page of W. H. Adamson;
The Administration's proposals, complex and sweeping as they are, all deal with fringe areas of the housing market rather than its core, stated Caron S. Stallard, first vice-president of the Mortgage Bankers Association of America.
Rather than viewing the abortive recovery in 1959-60 as a reason for believing we have lost prospects for growth", he said "it should be viewed as a lesson well learned which will increase the probability of substantial improvement in this recovery".
He called the Cuban tractor plan an outright blackmail action, and noted that in war "you can't buy yourself out and that's what we're trying to do".
Treasury Secretary Douglas Dillon said the economy is expected to advance by a whopping 8% next year, paving the way for lower taxes.
"With this kind of new product log-jam, the premium for brilliant product planning will obviously go up geometrically".
Under the new offering, only $60 million in debentures are convertible into 923,076 common shares.
Volume was 1.23 million shares, down from Monday's 1.58 million.
That bank handles most of the paper work for Diversified Growth Stock Fund, Fundamental Investors, Diversified Investment Fund and Television-Electronics Fund.
Any shareholder of any of these funds who finds a mistake in his account certainly should get in touch with the bank.
"All these kind of things weaken us", Perlman said.
On $1.1 billion of 90-day bills, the average yield was 2.325%.
Look for home building nationally to advance less than 10 percent this year from 1960's 1,257,700 non-farm housing starts.
"Before then, my sales during much of the year had lagged behind 1960 by 20%", he says.
Among individual dealers questioned in nearly a score of states, two out of three report their sales since August 1 show sizable gains from a year earlier, with the increases ranging from 5% to 50%.
Last year, we probably would have given him $700 for a comparable machine".
The rise in sales last winter was checked when the Government's new feed grain program was adopted;
Kennedy opposes any widespread relief from a High Court depletion ruling.
The Service announced that taxpayers making such claims may be called on to furnish a statement from the recipient organization showing the date, purpose, amount and other particulars of the contribution.
The Tax Court decision and a similar earlier finding by the Ninth Circuit Court of Appeals challenges a year-old I.R.S. ruling on the subject.
Hiring the wife for one's company may win her tax-aided retirement income.
The state's occupation tax is computed on gross sales.
As a Neiman-Marcus award winner the titian-haired Miss Garson is a personification of the individual look so important to fashion this season.
Her creations in fashion are from many designers because she doesn't want a complete wardrobe from any one designer any more than she wants "all of her pictures by one painter".
Of Scotch-Irish-Scandinavian descent, Greer Garson was born in County Down, Ireland.
Just this April she was nominated for the seventh time for an Academy Award for her portrayal of Eleanor Roosevelt in "Sunrise at Campobello".
So you can see that Gerald G. Ramsey, director of SMU's food services, is not the ordinary type of craven, women-trodden chef.
"Mostly meat and potatoes -- they have to have that go-go-go without getting too fat", says Ramsey.
Chicken Cadillac
Serve each breast on a thin slice of slow-baked ham and sprinkle with Thompson seedless grapes.
It is a collection with a custom-design look, offering simplicity with warmth, variety and vitality.
See-through design of the chairs combines both the nostalgic ladder back and an Oriental shoji flavor.
The get-together Friday night will be a banquet at the country club patio and pool, and an orchestra will play for dancing.
Their activities will be climaxed in the spring of 1962 when they go to Europe.
Mrs. Reese entered 10 past bake-offs before she got into the finals.
Mr. and Mrs. Joseph R. Bolker will give a dinner on Friday at their home in Beverly Hills to honor Mrs. Norman Chandler, chairman of the Music Center Building Fund Committee, and Mr. Chandler.
A flight originating in Florida picked up guests on the East Coast and Midwest and a plane left from Seattle taking on passengers at West Coast points.
There's a lot of talk about the problem of education in America today.
Generally, they go to school with a girl named Gloriana, who lives down the block, and has a car.
I had to ride a streetcar two miles.
If they have to take any car, they'd rather take the big one.
Published annually by William Hord Richardson, the 1962 edition, subtitled Society Register of Southern California, is scheduled to arrive with Monday morning's postman.
Listed as newly wed in the Pasadena section of the new book are Mr. and Mrs. Samuel Moody Haskins 3.
Judge and Mrs. Julian Hazard are now at Laguna Beach, while the Frank Wangemans have moved from Beverly Hills to New York, where he is general manager of the Waldorf-Astoria Hotel.
Make sure that the metal tube through which the wire passes is in the shape of an inverted "L", the foot of the "L" about three inches long, so that the puppet can hang directly under the light.
In the background lurked the feeling, however, that these pieces, beautiful as they were, lacked the utilitarian touch.
In the comedy division, the Kings simply augment talent and imagination with a few props.
Johnny Leighton picked up some new numbers out in Texas which he's springing on the ringsiders in the Rum House at Galt Ocean Mile Hotel.
New owners
Hubie's restaurant activities up in Lorain, Ohio, may preclude his return here until after Oct. 20, date set for reopening the Heilman Restaurant on Sunman Restaurant on Sunrise.
(Which is understandable -- if you've ever sampled the exotic, peppery fare.
Fort Lauderdale
The workshop will begin at 10 a.m. and end at 3 p.m. in the auditorium of the Library and Fine Arts Building.
Subsequent assemblies will be held at Stranahan High School Tuesday, at Pompano Beach High Wednesday, and at Fort Lauderdale high Thursday.
And he wanted to be careful that the kids not only learn about Communist but also about what he feels is the only antidote -- a Biblically strong Christianity.
It will be the second time the assistant manager of a Coral Gables restaurant and his wife have taken part in the twice-a-year ceremonies for families with new babies.
He is the sexton of the church.
The guest assignments are scheduled for November 14 and 18, with the Orchestra Sinfonica Siciliana in Palermo and the Orchestra of Radio Cologne.
that its presentation in this country is part of a capitalist plot to boobify the American people;
This is all the more remarkable because the Kirov is to ballet what Senator Goldwater is to American politics.
It was done with great taste, was big and spacious, sumptuous as the dreams of any peasant in its courtly costumes, but sumptuous in a muted, pastel-like style, with rich, quiet harmonies of color between the costumes themselves and between the costumes and the scenery.
Toys will not be collected at firehouses this year.
So I went to see "La Dolce Vita".
There are more obvious nymphomaniacs on any private-eye series.
What a swinging group they must have been when they first started entertaining!
"Science In Action", San Francisco's venerable television program, will be seen in Hong Kong this fall in four languages: Mandarin, Cantonese, Chiuchow and English, according to a tip from Dr. Robert C. Miller.
But we couldn't really get along without it.
Check the oil and water, sir?
The gas station man sighed unhappily.
(The last doorman that saw me do that should calm himself.
It is the AID's intention to create in the library "a miniature museum of Americana" before completed refurbishing is unveiled early this fall.
At 4 p.m. the President left the White House to welcome the young musicians, students from the ages of 12 to 18 who spend six weeks at the Brevard Music Center summer camp, and to greet the 325 crippled, cardiac and blind children from the District area who were special guests at the concert.
As he left the bandstand to return to his office, the slender, sun-tanned Chief Executive paused along the way to shake hands with the members of the audience in wheel chairs forming the first row under the field tent set up for the guests.
He said he contacted a friend, Henry Hall Wilson, on the President's staff and asked whether his orchestra could play, in the series.
they noticed Roman buildings in the background of Raphael's "Alba Madonna" and "texture" in a Monet painting of Rheims Cathedral.
That imposing, somewhat austere, and seemingly remote collonaded building with the sphynxes perched on its threshold at 1733 16th St. nw. took on bustling life yesterday.
The marriage of John and Mary Black had clearly reached the breaking point after eight years.
Family Service, sharing in UGF, has five agencies in the Washington area.
They know the value of being just that -- an ordinary, happy family.
The President knew that a confrontation with Mr. Khrushchev sooner or later probably was inevitable and even desirable.
Despite efforts by Washington last week to play down the significance of the meeting, it clearly was going to be one of the crucial encounters of the cold war.
Pre-inaugural position
Ideally, he knew, it should be preceded by concrete progress at lower levels.
Deadlock on tests
Initially the White House reaction was that the bitter exchanges with Moscow over Cuba and the conflict in Laos had dampened prospects for a meeting.
The President and his advisers felt that the time might have come to warn Premier Khrushchev against a grave miscalculation in areas such as Berlin, Iran or Latin America from which there would be no turning back.
The Vienna meeting will bring together a seasoned, 67-year-old veteran of the cold war who, in Mr. Kennedy's own words, is "shrewd, tough, vigorous, well-informed and confident", and a 44-year-old President (his birthday is May 29) with a demonstrated capacity for political battle but little experience in international diplomacy.
Other allies consulted
There are, so my biologist friends tell me, mechanisms of adaptation and defense that are just too complete and too satisfactory.
certainly not in the same sense that the establishment of a parochial school system has been a matter of official policy.
A religious community with a vital sense of mission achieves a degree of group orientation and group identification seldom found elsewhere.
this aspect of the total picture has been commented upon often enough.
In the above mentioned report of the Notre Dame Chapter of the American Association of University Professors, the basic outlook of the new breed of lay faculty emerges very clearly in the very statement of the problem as the members see it: "Even with the best of intentions he (the President of the university) is loath to delegate such authority and responsibility to a group the membership of which, considered (as it must be by him) in individual terms, is inhomogeneous, mortal and of extremely varying temperament, interests and capabilities.
In the academic world there is seldom anything so dramatic as a strike or a boycott: all that happens is that the better qualified teacher declines to gamble two or three years of his life on the chance that conditions at the Catholic institution will be as good as those elsewhere.
Religious who derive their own sense of purpose through identification with the religious community rather than the academic community are prone to underestimate both the layman's reservoir of idealism and his need for this identification.
Those who have served as faculty advisers are too familiar with the useful but artificial mechanisms of student government to be taken in by "busy-work" and ersatz decision making.
It is now disclosed that the taxpayer not only pays for high wages, but he pays the employers'strike expenses when the latter undertakes to fight a strike.
it must play a game in which there never is a winner.
But if they show self-restraint, they don't get the orders.
(P. 214) anti-trust laws became the greatest protection to uncontrolled business dictatorship.
However, one can argue that no such control is necessary as long as one pretends that the anti-trust laws are effective and rational.
If laborers are merely commodities competing against each other in a market place like so many bags of wheat and corn (unsupported, by the way, by any agricultural subsidy), then they may be pardoned for reacting with complete antagonism to a system that imposes such status upon them.
but the right does not exist to raise the wages of the mechanic by any forced and artificial means".
In the famous Danbury Hatters case, a suit was brought against the union by the Loewe Company for monopolistic practices, e.g., trying to persuade consumers not to purchase the product of the struck manufacturer.
The nation
"There is a limit to what the United States in self-respect can endure", said the President.
But by week's end the Laotian cry of invasion was read as an exaggeration (see foreign news), and the U.S. was agreeing with its cautious British and French allies that a neutralist -- rather than a pro-Western -- government might be best for Laos.
Russian tanks and artillery parading through the streets of Havana, Russian intrigue in the Congo, and Russian arms drops in Laos (using the same Ilyushin transports that were used to carry Communist agents to the Congo) made it plain once more that the cold war was all of a piece in space and time.
And counting noses, they seemed to have the votes to work their will.
There was sufficient pretext to demand Colmer's ouster: he had given his lukewarm support to the anti-Kennedy electors in Mississippi.
When Missouri's Clarence Cannon got the word, he turned purple.
) In all three arenas, they seemed certain of victory -- especially with Sam Rayburn applying his whiplash.
New Mexico's Clint Anderson offered a resolution to change the Senate's notorious Rule 22 to allow three-fifths of the Senators present and voting to cut off debate, instead of the current hard-to-get two-thirds.
Since Election Day, Vice President Richard Nixon had virtually retired -- by his own wish -- from public view.
The Augusta National Golf Club Course got up and bit both Player and Palmer.
When Palmer hit a good straight drive up the fairway on the 72nd hole, he seemed to have the championship won.
Until late last Saturday afternoon Palmer had played seven consecutive rounds of golf at the Masters -- four last year and three this -- without ever being out of first place.
Player won only one.
On Thursday, the first day of the Masters, the contest between Palmer and Player developed instantly.
(On Thursday nobody except Charlie Coe was thinking of Charlie Coe.
At one point late in the day, when Palmer was lining up a 25-foot putt on the 16th, a thunderous cheer from the direction of the 18th green unmistakably announced that Player had birdied the final hole.
This day Palmer had started first.
When you're playing like that you'd better attack".
When Mickey Charles Mantle, the New York Yankees'man of muscle, drives a home run 450 feet into the bleachers, his feat touches upon the sublime.
Experts point to the thinning of pitching talent in the American League caused by expansion.
Their names are Mantle and Maris, their team is the Yankees, and their threat is real.
"Even on the basis of 154 games, this is the ideal situation", insists Hank Greenberg, now vice-president of the Chicago White Sox.
The three pay $251 a month for four rooms (kitchen, dining room, living room, and bedroom), with air-conditioning and new modern furniture.
Both are 6 feet tall and weigh between 195 and 200 pounds, but Mantle, incredibly muscular (he has a 17-1/2-inch neck), looks bigger.
"To tell you the truth", Maris said, "Mickey don't talk much".
Maris, in talking to reporters, tries to answer all questions candidly and fully, but on rare occasions, he shuns newsmen.
) "That's the way I am", he says.
Said Maris.
If laying ties on a railroad track, which he once did for $1 an hour, paid more than playing right field for the Yankees, Maris would lay ties on a railroad track.
, fourth in the league, to
(American League expansion created, inevitably, weaker teams.
As the plans were laid, some several thousand fat cats were to be ensconced in the armory's $100 seats and in 68 ringside boxes priced at $10,000 each.
A few of these people are still around".
Tooling through Sydney on his way to race in the New Zealand Grand Prix, Britain's balding Ace Driver Stirling Moss, 31, all but smothered himself in his own exhaust of self-crimination.
Then Charlie spooned out some quick impressions of the Nikita he had glimpsed: "I was captivated by his humor, frankness and good nature and by his kind, strong and somewhat sly face".
He might barge into a gallery, start haggling over prices without so much as a word of greeting.
Last week most of the other prizes, once offered to Pittsburgh, went on the block.
For 18 months, Hamilton Holmes, 19, and Charlayne Hunter, 18, had tried to get into the university.
No, said he, but officials still called him "evasive".
Out went letters to 60,000 old grads, asking for suggestions.
Beadle is even that rare scientist who takes an interest in money matters;
The population of the Congo is 13.5 million, divided into at least seven major "culture clusters" and innumerable tribes speaking 400 separate dialects.
The honor of the Belgians in this matter is not to be questioned -- only their judgment.
they put much effort into public housing.
It was their conviction that the people should be "brought up together", a grade at a time, until in some indefinite future some might be ready to tackle history, economics and political science.
The Belgians would not fight for the privilege of being the detested pedagogue;
However, the positions of all parties and leaders were constantly shifting.
Terror engulfed the thousands of Belgian civilians who had remained in the country.
He quickly called on Ghana, Tunisia, Morocco, Guinea and Mali, which dispatched troops within hours.
President Kasavubu became exasperated with Lumumba and fired him.
On Feb. 21 the council passed another resolution urging the taking of "all appropriate measures to prevent the occurrence of civil war in the Congo, including the use of force, if necessary, in the last resort".
To continue their important conversations about the Tunisian issue and the whole range of other problems, Mr. Kennedy invited Stevenson to Cape Cod for the weekend.
however the President, who would like to woo the former Chinese province away from both Peking and Moscow, would promise Chen nothing more than an abstention by the U.S. if Outer Mongolia's admission comes to a vote.
At 3:57 a.m., with the plane about twenty minutes out of El Paso, passenger Robert Berry, a San Antonio advertising man, glanced up and saw the man and boy, accompanied by a stewardess, walking up the aisle toward the cockpit.
Stalling:
They chose four: Jack Casey, who works for Continental Airlines in Houston;
they had orders to that effect straight from President Kennedy, who thought at first, as did most others, that it was four followers of Cuba's Fidel Castro who had taken over the 707.
The tower cleared the plane for take-off at 8 a.m., and Captain Rickards began taxiing toward the runway.
That left only the four crew members, Crosby, and Border Patrolman Gilman, all unarmed, with the Beardens.
The Senate put other business aside as it moved with unaccustomed speed and unanimity to pass -- 85 to 0 -- the largest peacetime defense budget in U.S. history.
White House legislative aides were still confident the bill would pass intact.
Long-term trend of traffic on these roads seems clearly upward.
However, in the same three-month period, toll-road bonds, as a group, have bucked this trend.
It is the equivalent of 8 per cent for an unmarried investor with more than $16,000 of income to be taxed, or for a married couple with more than $32,000 of taxed income.
Then March brought an 18 per cent rise in net revenues -- after operating costs.
The 187-mile Illinois State Toll Highway, for example, was not opened over its entire length until December, 1958.
Easier access.
West Virginia toll bonds have defaulted in interest for months, and, despite recent improvement in revenues, holders of the bonds are faced with more of the same.
"One, modern equipment -- much of it supplied under the Marshall Plan -- enables Fiat to turn out 2,100 cars a day.
The result has been that exports of Underwood products have doubled.
An international conference of the big textile-importing and textile-exporting countries will be called shortly by President Kennedy.
The Japanese want to increase exports to the U.S. While they have been curbing shipments, they have watched Hong Kong step in and capture an expanding share of the big U.S. market.
The Government will help in transferring companies and workers into new lines, where modernization doesn't seem feasible.
Virginia coal, delivered by ship in Wales, will be about $2.80 a ton cheaper than Welsh coal delivered by rail from nearby mines.
Behind this reply, and its many variations, is the ever-present budget problem all libraries must face, from the largest to the smallest.
At one extreme are the systems of upper New York State, where libraries in two or more counties combine to serve a large, sparsely populated area.
The local community maintains responsibility for the financial support of its own library program, facilities, and services, but wider resources and additional services become available through membership in a system.
The need is for reference works of a more specialized nature than individual libraries, adequate to satisfy everyday needs, could afford.
East Meadow has philosophy, psychology, and religion;
Further money is saved through economy in bookkeeping and clerical detail as the result of central billing.
Story hours, pre-school programs, activities with community agencies, and lists of recommended reading are all in the province of the children's consultant.
To them especially the librarians, with the help of co-ops, hope they will never have to say, "I'm sorry, we don't have that book".
A fundamental source of knowledge in the world today is the book found in our libraries.
Assembly session brought much good
No action has been taken, however, on such major problems as ending the fee system, penal reform, modification of the county unit system and in outright banning of fireworks sales.
"If once they become inattentive to the public affairs", Jefferson said, "you and I, and Congress and assemblies, judges and governors, shall all become wolves".
It recognizes the fact that what helps one county helps its neighbors and that by banding together in an area-wide effort better results can be accomplished than through the go-it-alone approach.
By maintaining the nuclear deterrent, but gearing American military forces to fight conventional wars too, Secretary of State Rusk junks bluff and nuclear brinkmanship and builds more muscle and greater safety into our military position.
Power company backs confidence with dollars
More attendants, nurses and doctors should be hired.
The end of Trujillo
But the price was the silence of the grave for all criticism or opposition.
There was considerable evidence of a tacit rapprochement with Castro in Cuba, previously a bete noire to Trujillo -- thus illustrating the way in which totalitarianism of the right and left coalesces.
Such support should not be difficult to come by if all the plans to be presented by the NCTA are as attractive as this outline of express buses coming into the downtown area.
For some time the Communists honored the distinction between the Soviet zone of Germany and the Soviet sector of Berlin by promulgating separately the laws for the two areas.
The glass may seem trivial but Communist official hooliganism feeds on such incidents unless they are redressed.
Grasslands would extend, unfenced, unplowed, unbroken by silo or barn -- as the first settlers saw them.
Why, then, with these voluntary barricades and some state laws barring liquor ads, is it necessary to seek congressional action?
The Mayor is finding it awkward to campaign against his own record.
If this choice is less exciting than New York Democrats may wish, it nevertheless must be made.
In this case he has put the alternatives clearly to Mr. Khrushchev for the third time.
Fortunately both the Republicans and America's chief Western allies now are joined behind the neutral Laos aim of the President.
Twice previously the Senate has approved measures backing ETV and the House has let them die.
.
It might be added that as he kept his word so he expected that others keep theirs.
With his long service he had a long memory, an excellent thing in a political leader.
And those still with us, Herbert C. Hoover, Harry S. Truman, Dwight D. Eisenhower and John F. Kennedy.
In 18 months, no more grisly incident has been reported from that jungle.
The probable answer is that it will do so just as long as Russia can exercise a veto in favor of chaos and until young African nations wake up to the truth that out of false pride they are visiting ruin on Central Africa.
Otherwise, UN will march blindly on to certain defeat.
Meditations from a fallout shelter
Another evidence of the spreading rule of reason was provided from Mexico City with the daily hijacking of an American plane by a demented Algerian with a gun.
The board of suspension of the Interstate Commerce commission has ordered a group of railroads not to reduce their freight rates on grain, as they had planned to do this month.
He had sought talks with Moise Tshombe, the secessionist president of Congo's Katanga province where recent fighting had been bloody.
When the recent Katangan outbreaks imperiled these solutions Mr. Hammarskjold, despite the danger, flew to exert a calming influence.
So we note approvingly a fresh sample of unanimity.
It is one of the rare public ventures here on which nearly everyone is agreed.
"The established pattern of relative calm in the field of race relations has continued in all areas", reported this group headed by Harold Colee of Jacksonville and including two South Floridians, William D. Singer and John B. Turner of Miami.
In order to form a new government it must deal with one of the two rival parties which gained strength.
West Berlin's Mayor Brandt vigorously demanded a firmer stand on the dismemberment of his city and won votes by it.
For instance, so-called "conservative" organizations, some of them secret, are sprouting in the garden of joining where "liberal" organizations once took root.
Does it attempt to rewrite modern history by blaming American statesmen for wars, Communism, depression, and other troubles of the world?
Whatever land you can see here, from the North tip end of Elliott Key looking southward, belongs to someone -- people who have title to the land.
In the preamble to the open-meeting statutes, collectively known as the Brown Act, the Legislature declares that "the public commissions, boards and councils and other public agencies in this state exist to aid in the conduct of the people's business.
But the citizens would, of course, never be sure that the decisions that resulted were as correct as they were expeditious.
More, the U.S. action was hailed by a principal opposition leader, Dr. Juan Bosch, as having saved "many lives and many troubles in the near future".
Or that's what it looked like at the time.
Mr. Freeman said that in many of the countries he visited on a recent world trade trip people were more awed by America's capacity to produce food surpluses than by our industrial production -- or even by the Soviet's successes in space.
What's wrong at state
Mr. Rusk should also draw comfort from Sen. Jackson's recommendation that congressional methods of dealing with national security problems be improved.
Mr. Mitchell had an excuse for losing -- the steel strike lasted much longer than he anticipated.
Bottom sighted
Of course, some of the credit for the sale boost must be given to improvement in the weather and to the fact that Easter comes more than two weeks earlier than in 1960.
But Interior Secretary Udall warns that there is a race on between those who would develop our few surviving open shorelines and those who would save them for the enjoyment of all as public preserves.
Anybody who is expecting a joyride should, according to Mr. Shriver, get off the train right now.
But for those which do, the slow growth of the area has a retarding effect on the metropolitan core.
The Carbondale Industrial Development Corp. has obtained a $500,000 loan to help defray the cost of remodeling a city-owned factory to accommodate production that will provide 500 new jobs.
Without a great acceleration in the metropolitan area's economy, there will not be sufficient jobs for the growing numbers of youngsters, and St. Louis will slip into second-class status.
Further, do our reforming friends really believe that the cartoonists will consent to the banishment of the tiger from their zoo?
the Colonel fled to the friendly haven of the Dominican dictatorship as soon as Castro seized power.
As President, Dwight D. Eisenhower often assumed a role aloof from the strife of partisan politics.
The crisis has been renewed since then but the confusion has hardly been compounded.
A new queen, with the prosaic title of Q3, had been planned for several years to replace the Queen Mary.
Gen. Maxwell Taylor's statement in Saigon that he is "very much encouraged" about the chances of the pro-Western government of Viet Nam turning back Communist guerrilla attacks comes close to an announcement that he will not recommend dispatching United States troops to bolster the Vietnamese Army.
He may want additional technical help, and this should be forthcoming.
In other words, the Secretary General is to be a nonpartisan, international servant, not a political, national one.
This is the root issue for which the United States should stand.
The board will be able to increase, decrease, add or eliminate budget items, subject to the Mayor's veto;
The expense (operating) budget is to be a program budget, and red tape is cut to allow greater autonomy (with the Mayor approving) in fund transfers within a department.
and in these days this inevitably means a concentration on the effects of the Cuban revolution.
The Twenty-second Soviet Communist Party Congress opens in Moscow today in a situation contrasting sharply with the script prepared many months ago when this meeting was first announced.
His earlier reports considered the American public schools basically sound and not in need of drastic change.
It labels the slums, especially the Negro slums, as dead-end streets for hundreds of thousands of youngsters.
He was delighted to learn that the Post Office Department is now going to expand this service to deliver mail from Representatives in Congress to their constituents without the use of stamps, names, addresses or even zone numbers.
She had raised a calf, grown it beef-fat.
He did say she could get her beef and vegetables in cans this summer.
"The county, though, seems more interested in those people who don't even try, those who sit and draw welfare checks and line up for surplus food".
"Sir, I know the cannery helps".
I settled it tonight", he continued.
It will do no good to seek God's forgiveness until we have forgiven those who have done us wrong.
Till seven times?
"How do you know you love somebody enough to get married"?
I knew of but one test and I threw it out to her for what it was worth.
Because, honey, I thought silently, there are plenty of desert islands in every marriage -- long periods when you're hopelessly stranded, together.
it spoke for many in the clergy, I suspect.
A man who gives himself to God and to the believers of his church takes upon himself a life of giving.
We expect him to be noble, and to make us so -- yet he knows, and tries to tell us, how very humble man must be.
In the midst of it all, Mr. Podger came out on the Pod porch, alone.
It had begun with the blue jay feather.
It was doing very well, too, having reached the center, and was pursuing its way with commendable singleness of purpose when Mr. Podger saw hazard approaching in the shape of a flashy little sports car.
And the turtle?
If you're lyin'out in the hammock at night, and it gets kinda cool -- you know -- you just take these sides with the fringe on -- see -- and wrap'em right over you.
"Dad"!
Dallas
In Nashville, a school was dynamited.
Generally, throughout the South, there is a growing impatience with the pattern of violence with which every step of desegregation is met.
Southern whites themselves are realizing that they had been wrong in using violence to try to stop Negroes from claiming equal rights.
They realize that by acting in concert, rather than individually, they will not be picked out as objects of retaliation -- economic and otherwise.
Whether or not this is done out of enlightened self-preservation, I don't know.
Miami, Fla., March 17.
This was just Richard's way of saying that last year the Birds opened spring training with a lot of jobs wide open.
Brooks Robinson is great, and it is conceivable that he'll do even better in 1961 than he did in 1960.
He'll still be a top player, they concede, because he's got a great glove and the long ball going for him.
Richards got a great performance out of his combination of youth and experience last season.
To me, Brandt looks as though he could be in for a fine year.
So far the platoons on left and right fielders don't seem capable of carrying the load.
Sometimes she can -- to a large extent -- help him overcome them.
"You don't believe that autistic children become autistic because of something that happens to them or because of the way their mother treats them.
Parents have to find other ways of comforting him.
"I try to treat Daniel as if he were normal, though of course I realize he is far from that at present.
When different colors are used, she is just as likely to color trees purple, hair green, etc.
But most learn to color and paint as and when they are ready with only a very little demonstration.
Chinese influence
But it will include 200-odd officeholders, organization leaders and "interested party people".
He's approached his Democratic duties in hard-nosed engineering fashion.
Hence the attention they're lavishing on the Aj.
)
They accuse their enemies of precisely the crimes of which they themselves are most guilty.
When the stock exchange opened this morning, many dealers were quick to purchase shares in Douglas, Lockheed and United Aircraft and prices rose substantially.
If there were no West Berlin problem, imperialist quarters would have invented an excuse for stepping up the armaments race to try to solve the internal and external problems besetting the United States and its NATO partners.
East Berlin (Communist) radio in German to Germany:
The "West Berlin" crisis is really an East Berlin crisis.
The country was now full of Gazettes and Samuel C. Atkinson and Charles Alexander, who had just taken over Franklin's old paper, desired a more distinctive name.
A quarter of a century has gone by since this bevy of walking dreams sashayed up and down the staircases of the old New Amsterdam Theater, N.Y.
A three-day confinement week, with a month's vacation and shorter hours all around could be an ultimate demand from cell occupants of the nation, with fringe benefits including: 1.
Recognition of Prisoners Union rule that no member of an iron or steel workers union be permitted to repair a sawed-off bar without approval and participation of representative of the cell occupant.
Rembrandt's "Aristotle Contemplating Bust of Homer" brought $2,300,000 at auction the other night.
-- Rep. Frelinghuysen, R-5th Dist., had a special reason for attending the reception at the Korean Embassy for Gen. Chung Hee Park, the new leader of South Korea.
Air Force life is great, the cadet wrote, "though the fourth-class system is no fun".
The 350th anniversary of the King James Bible is being celebrated simultaneously with the publishing today of the New Testament, the first part of the New English Bible, undertaken as a new translation of the Scriptures into contemporary English.
If this new Bible does not increase in significance by repeated readings throughout the years, it will not survive the ages as has the King James Version.
Certainly, the meaning is clearer to one who is not familiar with Biblical teachings, in the New English Bible which reads: "Then Jesus arrived at Jordan from Galilee, and he came to John to be baptized by him.
(the paragraphing, spelling and punctuation are reproduced as printed in each version.
This is not contemporary English.
Prof. C. H. Dodd, 76, a Congregational minister and a leading authority on the New Testament, is general director of the project and chairman of the New Testament panel.
Just the barest suggestion of a heel is found on teenage pumps.
In a brighter nautical vein is Ille De France blue.
The brush moves up and down and is small enough to clean every dental surface, including the back of the teeth.
It is conceivable that Broxodent could do a better job than ordinary brushing, especially in those who do not brush their teeth properly.
no.
Reply:
no.
Everything from poetry to phonetics, history to histrionics, philosophy to party games has been adapted to the turntable.
Thanks to Spoken Arts Records, history buffs may hear Lincoln's "most memorable speeches and letters" in a two-disc set, interpreted by Lincoln authority and lecturer Roy P. Basler.
Teaching guides are included with each record.
He just shot at the board and then drew circles around the holes to form a bull's-eye.
He wants to be called sweet, good, considerate and mother's little helper.
She should offer substitutes for the temptations which seem overwhelmingly desirable to the child.
Remove temptations.
He can smell again the perfume she wore and recall the lilting sound of laughter, and can smell again the aroma of autumn -- fallen leaves, the wine of cool air, and the nostalgia of woodsmoke which blows through all the winds of fall.
It is not much better if he meets with old classmates.
It is, if anything, worse on the old player
He remembers the desperate, panting breath;
Of 40 cities with populations of 300,000 and more, Mr. Kennedy carried 26 and Mr. Nixon 14.
'task force'
Errors repeated
If they also defeat the school bill, the GOP task force won't have much research to do.
But when former Gov. Marvin Griffin and Lt. Gov. Byrd accepted the invitations of the Georgia State Chamber of Commerce to join the tour next November, the situation was aggravated.
Politics is an accelerating game.
There is a way out of this.
The guy who makes the motor boats may be a Communist".
It is in fact entirely consistent with your suggestion of modest industrial development to help pay governmental costs.
While Councilman Olson cited the anticipated increase in school costs in answer to a direct question from a taxpayer, the impact upon a school system does not have to be measured only in increased taxes to find alarm in uncontrolled growth.
The East Greenwich Fire District services parts of Warwick as well as East Greenwich.
The education program for retarded children conducted by the East Greenwich school system has pupils from at least one neighboring community.
Thanks to the generosity of Mr. Irving J. Fain, president of the Temple Beth El;
The article also said that a person had to be 18 years old or over, and must not be going to high school to attend these classes.
However, the East Providence Rescue Squad made its way through to my home in time of desperation.
There is one other point we should never lose sight of: Many veterans who enter VA hospitals as non-service cases later qualify as service-connected.
If the doctor is conscientious, he wants to study the patient.
Do they, the A.M.A., offer any solution other than outright abolition of a medical system unsurpassed anywhere in the world?
During his aggressive campaign to win his present position, Mr. Kennedy was vitriolic about this country's "prestige" abroad.
Let us prepare for peace, instead of for a war which would mean the end of civilization.
Many high school students go past my house every day, and they look like perfect ladies and gentlemen.
Rising costs have increased the difficulties of the elderly, and I would be the last to say they should not receive consideration.
Now he is apparently expected to give up his evenings -- and Sundays, too, for this is coming.
The meat cutters'union, which has a history of being one of the fairest and least corrupt in our area, represents the little corner markets as well as the large supermarkets.
It was my desire to advise the membership of the Legion that the majority of polling places are on private property and, without an amendment to the law, we could not enforce this.
-- I just want to let you know how much I enjoyed your June 25 article on Liberace, and to thank you for it.
(Editorial comment on this letter appears elsewhere on this page).
There are a number of other considerations besides this one but it is for the Congress, not the Department of Justice, to balance these various considerations and make a judgment about legislation.
When she agrees, you can rest assured her position will remain unchanged.
-- Overt socialism means government ownership and management of a nation's main industries.
Such tactics reek of totalitarianism!
Community shelters are, of course, necessary for those having no space for shelter.
Supports Katanga
to the editor:
Since two of these could be trustees of the college, actually it would be necessary to have the consent of only one elected official to impose a levy of millions of dollars of tax revenue.
to the editor:
It should also make him desire to participate actively in civic, school and religious life of the community so that that phase of Newark will live up to the challenge presented by this exhibit.
This is a black swamp clay in which about one hundred million years ago cypress-like trees were growing.
1.
3.
It seems rather peculiar that residents of apartments are denied the right of providing themselves with the protection and companionship of dogs.
The Lincoln and Jefferson Memorials are rather bleak.
Two strong dissents from the majority report of the Joint Economic Committee (May 2) by Senators Proxmire and Butler allege that the New Deal fiscal policy of the Thirties did not work.
The fact is that the Italians, French and British know that they have no defense against nuclear bombs.
Actually, the Communists, out of fear of a united and armed Germany, would probably be willing to agree to a disarmed Germany that would be united and neutral and have its independence guaranteed by the U.N.
In your editorial of Sept. 30 "The Smoldering Congo" you make the following comment: "Far too many states are following the Russian example in refusing to pay their assessments.
The U.S.S.R. and her followers are careful in paying their obligations to the regular budget.
Since the Connally amendment has the effect of giving the same right to the other party to a dispute with the United States, it also prevents us from using the court effectively.
The Transit Authority has recently placed in operation "hold" lights at BMT Thirty-ninth and Fifty-ninth Street stations in Brooklyn.
Either it is lack of training, lack of proper screening when hiring, lack of management or possibly lack of interest on the part of the telephone company, which does have a Government-blessed monopoly.
There is no charge and no state aid.
to the editor:
Church finds news features are helpful
How can we old-fashioned parents, who still feel that adults are due some respect from children, battle the new type of advertising that appears on TV without denying the children the use of television entirely?
Good for Mr. Trimmer.
Out of school at 14
Will our bombs be cleaner or will their fallout be less harmful to future generations of children?
to the editor of the Inquirer:
Russia and U.N.
While "better late than never" may have certain merits, the posthumous award of the Nobel Prize for Peace to the late Dag Hammarskjold strikes me as less than a satisfactory expression of appreciation.
If only this could be done more often -- with such heartening results -- many of the earth's "big problems" would shrink to the insignificances they really are.
Bridges, tunnels and ferries are the most common methods of river crossings.
(4)
It may remind one of Russia, China or East Berlin;
but the Commission does not share such sentiments.
Who wants this deed done"?
It is not our bodies but our hearts and heads that have grown too soft.
These arrangements would have been impossible if the business community was truly interested in the welfare of its employes.
He seems to have at least a few 30- and 50-megaton bombs on hand, since we cannot assume that he has exploded his entire stock.
He feels, therefore, that to seek a discontinuity in the arms policy of the United States is the least risky path our government can take.
Khrushchev himself is reported to be concerned by the surge of animosity he has aroused, yet our own nuclear statesmen seem intent on following compulsively in his footsteps.
R. H. S. Crossman, M.P., writing in The Manchester Guardian, states that departures from West Berlin are now running at the rate not of 700, but of 1,700 a week, and applications to leave have risen to 1,900 a week.
The only hope for West Berlin lies in a compromise which will bring down the wall and reunite the city.
And in England, after the Restoration, the body of Cromwell was disinterred and hanged at Tyburn.
Who but Nikita himself?
With the neutralists maintaining pressure for one of their own to succeed Mr. Hammarskjold, U Thant emerged as the only possible candidate unlikely to be waylaid by a veto.
no precedents have been set as yet;
"If the day should ever come that foreign invaders swarm ashore along the Gulf Coast", the account reads, "they can count on heavy opposition from a group of commando-trained telephone employees -- all girls.
it cannot bring them into actual play.
But by comparison with the railroad, the motor car is a relatively new object of popular worship, so it is too much to hope that it may be brought within the bounds of civilized usage quickly and easily.
As the trap is sprung.
Somehow our contemporary Moloch must be induced to see reason.
The effect of radiation is cumulative over the years -- and on to succeeding generations.
On the one hand, the Public Health Service declared as recently as October 26 that present radiation levels resulting from the Soviet shots "do not warrant undue public concern" or any action to limit the intake of radioactive substances by individuals or large population groups anywhere in the Aj.
Pauling's estimate of 200 megatons yield from the present series of Russian tests will probably turn out to be too high, but a total of 100 megatons is a distinct possibility.
Now, of course, that the Russians are the nuclear villains, radiation is a nastier word than it was in the mid, when the US was testing in the atmosphere.
If the new Soviet series has followed the general pattern of previous Russian tests, the shots were roughly half fission and half fusion, meaning a fission yield of 30 to 40 megatons thus far.
Or it could have chosen to find -- by negotiation -- some way of stopping the tests without loss to national security.
It is by no stretch of the imagination a happy choice and the arguments against it as a practical strategy are formidable.
The possibility, as he asserted, that the Russians may get ahead of us or come closer to us because of their tests does not supply the needed ethical premise -- unless, of course, we have unwittingly become so brutalized that nuclear superiority is now taken as a moral demand.
There ought to be a point beyond which we will not allow ourselves to go regardless of what Russia does.
Far from being irrelevant to the ecumenical task, the Pontiff believes that a revivified Church is required in order that the whole world may see Catholicism in the best possible light.
For discouragement, or the temptation to abandon our efforts, "would show that one placed excessive trust in purely human means without thinking of the omnipotence of God, the irresistible efficacy of prayer, the action of Christ or the power of the Divine Spirit".
Four billion dollars of the spending increase is for defense, an expenditure necessitated by the penny-wise policies of the Eisenhhower Administration, quite apart from the recent crises in Berlin and elsewhere.
Two of the principal addresses were delivered by prominent Protestants, and when the speaker was a Catholic, one "discussant" on the dais tended to be of another religious persuasion.
The stimulus from the confrontation of philosophical systems involving certain differences was undeniable.
Their answer was: it can be done, and we will do it.
Chiang spoke again, this time at greater length.
Less than 60-1, but at least 6-1.
The miserable people of China, the largest cast ever conscripted to enact an ideological passion play, cannot themselves resist overtly.
In behalf of what?
The family is largely broken up;
Red China is trying to do this, and she is not likely ever to succeed.
They hope that if history vouchsafes the West another Budapest, we will receive the opportunity gladly.
During the slow buildup, the essence of a policy or a man is concealed under embroidered details, fine words, strutting gestures.
Public men come and go but great issues of policy remain.
at the peaks of the nuclear test and the Berlin cycles;
No matter that it is his troops who rape Western women and eat Western men.
What explains this uni-directional paralysis?
the unoriginals
Face Of A Hero (closed), based on a Pierre Boulle novel.
Originals are not necessarily good and adaptations are not necessarily bad.
Laudably enough, it is offering classics and off-beat imports, but last week only one U.S. original was on the boards, Robert D. Hock's stunning Civil War work, Borak.
Customers often bring their children;
Each dancer follows the ancient Oriental pattern -- she glides sideways with shoulders motionless while her stomach migrates, and, through breathing and muscle control, she sends ripples across her body to the fingertips and away to the far end of the room.
All over the country, belly clubs have never been bigger, especially in Detroit, Boston and Chicago, and even in small towns;
Daughter of a gypsy mother who taught her to dance, she is one of the few really beautiful girls in the New York Casbah, with dark eyes and dark, waist-length hair, the face of an adolescent patrician and a lithe, glimmering body.
Of the handful of painters that Austria has produced in the 20th century, only one, Oskar Kokoschka, is widely known in the U.S.
The devil himself.
For years he wore hand-me-down suits and homemade paper collars, was even driven to scrounging for cigarette butts in Vienna's gutters.
These never ceased to suggest that if, in the eyes of Marx and Lenin "full communism" was still a very distant ideal, the establishment of a Communist society had now, under Khrushchev, become an "immediate and tangible reality".
If one follows the reports of the Congress, one finds that there still seems considerable uncertainty in the minds of the leaders themselves about what exactly to do in this matter.
One cannot but wonder whether these doubts about the success of Khrushchev's agricultural policy have not at least something to do with one of the big surprises provided by this Congress -- the obsessive harping on the crimes and misdeeds of the "anti-party group" -- Molotov, Malenkov, Kaganovich and others -- including the eighty-year-old Marshal Voroshilov.
For something, clearly, has gone very, very seriously wrong in Soviet-Chinese relations, which were never easy, and have now deteriorated.
But it seems that pressures against him are coming from somewhere -- in the first place from China, but perhaps also from that "China Lobby" which, I was assured in Moscow nearly two years ago, exists on the quiet inside the party.
Perhaps Khrushchev is in a more difficult position than any since 1957, when the "anti-party group" nearly liquidated him.
They feel that the United States is engaged in a life-and-death struggle with communism for survival and world supremacy.
The Minutemen were instructed in the use of terrain for concealment.
Next September, after receiving a degree from Yale's Master of Arts in Teaching Program, I will be teaching somewhere -- that much is guaranteed by the present shortage of mathematics teachers.
there is a limit to how much the public will pay for shoddy performance.
I disagree with Mr. Burnham's position on the Common Market (Nov. 18) as a desirable organization for us to join.
Frankly, it is being very cleverly done for, in a sense, they have us over a barrel.
We welcome this able brief for the negative as part of a many-sided discussion of the Atlantic Common Market which JNR will be continuing in our pages.
This time, added to that which I had already spent in school prior to my induction in 1954, makes a total of twenty-two (22) years of education.
In news broadcasts I consistently hear the foreign volunteers fighting in the Katanga Army referred to as mercenaries.
In the issue of March 5, 1960 you had an excellent editorial which said:
Pope was convicted last year of having aided North Celebes rebels by flying bombing missions.
A few days before I saw your mention of what Texas Liberals were doing to promote "Louis Capet" (The Week", June 3), another analogy had occurred to me.
4.
It seems to me that N.C., in his editorial "Confrontation" (SR, Mar. 25), has hit upon the real problem that bothers all of us in a complex world: how do we retain our personal relationship with those who suffer?
"Confrontation" should fortify us all, whether in Southeast Asia or the U.S.
Editor's note: Reprints of "Confrontation" will be included among the material to be distributed to members of the Peace Corps.
The public is now armed with sophistication and numerous competing media.
It seems to me the time has come for the American press to start experimenting with ways of reporting the news that will do a better job of communicating and will be less subject to abuse by those who have learned how to manipulate the present stereotype to serve their own ends.
However, last night the tapes were not run at all during the evening hours and all we got on TV were a few snatches which Douglas Edwards and Huntley and Brinkley could squeeze into their programs.
Can you bring the networks'attention to this?
Four of us here in the United States attended, first as students, then as instructors, almost every one of these schools, in England, Canada, and the United States.
This is one of the most constructive suggestions made in this critical field in years, and I certainly hope it sparks some action.
"I have read an advance copy of the Snow book which is to be titled,'Science And Government.
It submits an enthusiastic, impressionistic conception of Lindemann contributing another aspect of the man, but on no more authoritative basis than Sir Charles'account.
Not the noblest performance we have heard him play, or the most spacious, or even the most eloquent.
Hindemith's joust with Weber tunes was a considerably more serious misfortune, for it demands transluscent textures, buoyant rhythms, and astringent wit.
Remember how by lack of two big theaters Chicago missed the first visit of the Royal Danish Ballet?
Something had to give.
Then why not the juicy booking Hurok had held for us?
It will continue all month.
What's up now?
He suggests that Gore Court embodies all the glories of Tudor splendor.
When he needs money to buy something like, say, the Rolls-Royce he keeps near his vegetable patch, he takes a flyer in the sale of surplus army supplies.
After Larkin has been persuaded to restock his tangled acres with pheasants, he poaches only what he needs for the nourishment of his family and local callers.
Directed by Grigory Kozintsev in a tempo that is studiously slow, he develops a sense of a high tradition shining brightly and passing gravely through an impious world.
But strength and poignancy develop thenceforth, and the windmill and deathbed episodes gather the threads of realization of the wonderfulness of the old boy.
A few years ago a "Timex All-Star Jazz Show" offered a broad range of styles, ranging from Lionel Hampton's big band to the free-wheeling Dukes Of Dixieland.
(He played host at the Timex show already mentioned.
By trying to be both a serious survey of a bygone era and a showcase for today's artists, the program turned out to be a not-quite-perfect example of either.
What followed the outburst brought almost breathless silence as Miss Sutherland revealed her mastery of a voice probably unique among sopranos today.
Richard Tucker sang Edgardo in glorious voice.
There are 12 of these to choose from, all of them of popular music except for the star release, Pass In Review (SP-44001).
These are then mixed by their sound engineers with the active co-operation of the musical staff and combined into the final two channels which are impressed on the record.
All of the releases, however, are recorded at a gratifyingly high level, with resultant masking of any surface noise.
The storyline, in sort, is wildly unrealistic.
Yet for much of the globe, Hollywood is just that -- prime, if not sole, source of knowledge.
He made the most of the long Brahmsian phrases, and by the directness and drive of his playing gave the work a handsome performance.
Since she also has considerable technical virtuosity and a feeling for music in the romantic tradition, Miss Xydis gave her listeners a good deal of pleasure.
So, what was the deepest music on her program had the poorest showing.
William Joseph Slim, First Viscount Slim, former Governor General of Australia, was the principal British commander in the field during the Burma War.
He himself seems to be tough, tireless, able and intelligent, more intellectual and self-critical than most soldiers.
administrative organization and delicate diplomatic relations with Top Brass -- British, American and Chinese;
"The commander has failed in his duty if he has not won victory -- for that is his duty".
Actually, the program they sang was at least two-thirds serious and high-minded, and they sang it beautifully.
Tempos were lively.
There is no use at all in trying to follow it dance by dance and title by title, for it has a kind of nonstop format, and moves along in an admirable continuity that demands no pauses for identification.
To pick out particular numbers is something of a problem, but one or two identifiable items are too conspicuously excellent to be missed.
Producer John Holmes has chosen a delightful comedy for his season's opener at Matunuck in Jean Kerr's "King Of Hearts".
A word should be said for Gary Morgan, a Broadway youngster who, as the adopted son, makes life miserable for nearly everybody and Larkin in particular.
This is in contrast to the family with whom he boards.
Just as exciting but in a more technically proficient way is Laura Stuart, whose complete control of her every movement is lovely to watch.
So the audience last night was all ears and eyes just after Act 2, got a rousing opening chorus, "Where's Charley?
Sparrow-size Virginia Gibson, with sparkling blue eyes and a cheerful smile, made a suitably perky Amy, while Melisande Congdon, as the real aunt, was positively monumental in the very best Gibson Girl manner.
I saw "Fiorello!
Such fascinating novelties in the score as the fugual treatment of "On The Side Of The Angels" and "Politics And Poker" were handled splendidly, and I thought Rudy Bond and his band of tuneful ward-heelers made "Little Tin Box" even better than it was done by the New York cast;
It has all been done in superb style, and the result is a show which deserves the support of every person hereabouts who enjoys good musical theater.
Most of the female faces are new, or at least not too familiar.
To both persons and ideas he brought the same delighted interest, the same open-minded relish for what was unique in each, the same discriminating sensibility and quicksilver intelligence, the same gallantry of judgment.
Of another colleague, George Santayana, he could write: "The great event in my life recently has been the reading of Santayana's book.
All polemic of ours should, I believe, be either very broad statements of contrast, or fine points treated singly, and as far as possible impersonally.
Some of Thurber's curative methods involve strong potions of mixed metaphor, malapropism, and gobbledygook and are recommended for use only in extreme cases.
"One of them banged the sash of the window nearest my bed around midnight in July and I leaped out of sleep and out of bed.
In his concluding paragraph he writes: "The devoted writer of humor will continue to try to come as close to truth as he can".
It might be argued that the Communists are less inhuman than the Nazis and furnish the artist with drama in a lower key.
Or does the reason for less Jovian drawings lie elsewhere?
Stalin's death, Churchill's farewell to public life, Hillary and Tensing on Everest, Quemoy and Matsu -- all subjects for a noble anger or an accolade.
A gray fox with a patch on one eye -- confidence man, city slicker, lebensraum specialist -- tries to take over Catfish Bend in this third relaxed allegory from Mr. Burman's refreshing Louisiana animal community.
He may have a point in urging that decadent themes be given fewer prizes.
After all, Alger Hiss, subsequently convicted of perjury in denying that he gave secret State Department documents to Soviet agents, was at Yalta.
With justified bitterness the author speaks of "what seems to me to have been an inexcusable body of ignorance about the nature of the Russian Communist movement, about the history of its diplomacy, about what had happened in the purges, and about what had been going on in Poland and the Baltic States".
As the author very justly says:
a man whose hand was set against all that could not be useful to him at the moment;
The Ireland we usually hear about in the theater is a place of bitter political or domestic unrest, lightened occasionally with flashes of native wit and charm.
Mr. Foy is a joy, having learned his dancing by practicing it until he is practically perfect.
And in the role of Will Danaher, Philip Bosco roars and sneers sufficiently to intimidate not only one American but the whole British army, if he chose.
We can all breathe more easily this morning -- more easily and joyously, too -- because Joshua Logan has turned the stage show, "Fanny", into a delightful and heart-warming film.
It was an excellent concert.
His interpretation was a model of refinement and accuracy.
But granted all this, one still would have liked to have heard a little more tonal nuance than Mr. Skolovsky supplied.
So the plot creaks, the sets are decaying, the costumes are pre-historic, the orchestra was sloppy and not very well connected with what the singers were doing.
with a few telling strokes he characterized Alvise magnificently.
The English have managed to hold onto their madrigal tradition better than anyone else.
Claude Jannequin's vocal description of a battle (the French equivalents of tarantara, rum-tum-tum, and boom-boom-boom are very picturesque) is lots of fun, and the singers get a sense of grace and shape into other chansons by Jannequin and Lassus.
Both composers turn up on new imports from France.
If Couperin shows the fashionable trend, the others do so all the more.
The performances were variable, those of the full ensemble being generally satisfying, some by soloists proving rather trying.
Chabrier's little one-act operetta, presented yesterday afternoon at Town Hall, is a fragile, precious little piece, very French, not without wit and charm.
Yes, Arlene is her name;
She's not chubby.
Miss Garland is not only one of the great singers of our time but she is one of the superb showmen.
And time after time she really belted out her songs.
This was perhaps symbolic of the jazz of the evening -- flashes in the distance, but no storm.
Miss Vaughan was back in top form, somehow mellowed and improved with the passage of time -- like a fine wine.
She frosted the cake with the always reliable "Bill Bailey".
Divided almost equally into two parts, it consisted of "The Evolution Of The Blues", narrated by Jon Hendricks, who had presented it last year at the Monterey, Calif., Jazz Festival, and an hour-long session of Maynard Ferguson and his orchestra, a blasting big band.
Jimmy Witherspoon, Blues singer (and a good one), and the Ike Isaacs Trio, which has done such wonderful work for two afternoons now, helping him with the musical examples.
The group is superbly trained.
Program note reads as follows:
'an American journey'
The music here, Russell Smith's "Tetrameron", sounded good.
The young Texas pianist can make great chords ring out as well as anyone, so last night the massive sonorities of this challenging concerto were no hazard to him.
There are times when one suspects that the songs that are dropped from musical shows before they reach Broadway may really be better than many of those that are left in.
Like the Gershwins, Richard Rodgers and Lorenz Hart were loath to let a good song get away from them.
stereo LSO 1066) that has some entertaining moments, although it is scarcely as inventive as the praise elicited by the show might lead one to expect.
Mr. Herman has managed to mix musical ideas drawn from Israel and the standard American ballad style in a manner that stresses the basic tunefulness of both idioms.
Told strictly from the viewpoint of the Russian conquerors, the film compassionately peers over the shoulders of a smitten Soviet couple, at both sides of the conflict's aftermath.
A5.
It may sound extravagant to say that there has never been a more engaging animal in all literature.
"To be quite alone where there are no other human beings is sharply exhilarating;
One is not sure who emerges as the main personality of this book -- Mijbil, with his rollicking ways, or Maxwell himself, poet, portrait painter, writer, journalist, traveller and zoologist, sensitive but never sentimental recorder of an unusual way of life, in a language at once lyrical and forceful, vivid and unabashed.
In France, novel approaches to the classic French plays are frequently attempted.
Apparently, Jouvet and Ledoux attempted just these dissimilar approaches in the role of Arnolphe in "The School For Wives".
Jouvet played him as a sincere zealot, and Ledoux, at the Comedie, made him a gross buffoon, or so the historians tell us.
Seigner is the dean of the company, the oldest actor in point of continuous service.
And surely his Scapin has a fresh directness, a no-nonsense quality that seems to make him his own master and nobody's servant.
"Djangology", made up of tracks he recorded with Stephane Grappelly and the Quintet of the Hot Club of France.
He is starred against Alvin Alcorn, trumpet;
Mr. Elman is 70 years old.
All these -- potboilers or no -- provided a welcome breath of fresh air in the form of lively, colorful, unstuffy works well suited for the great out-of-doors.
After a protracted, hysterical trial scene more notable for the frankness of its language than for dramatic credibility, the jury, to no one's surprise, leaves the legal question unresolved.
But for all the manifest intention to "show off", this was a circus with a difference, for instead of descending in quality to what is known as a popular level, it added further to the evidence that this is a very great dancing company.
Sergei Vikulov, as the lone male, meets the competition well with some brilliant hits, but the work is designed to belong to the ladies.
As the pace of the quadrennial American political festival accelerated, Mr. White took more notes.
A lesson in politics
"Rarely in American history has there been a political campaign that discussed issues less or clarified them less", says Mr. White.
Calm, dignified, composed, "superbly eloquent", Mr. Kennedy always knew everything about everybody.
"The root question in American politics is always: Who's the Man to See?
One such moment came in the breathtaking way Miss Pons sang the cadenza to Meyerbeer's "Shadow Song".
Of course, the nonwhite listener does his share of television watching.
Advertisers are changing their attitudes, both as to the significance of this market and the ways of speaking to it.
Recently, WWRL won praise for its expose of particular cases of employment agency deceit.
rhythm-and-blues mood music;
Presentation of "The Life And Times Of John Sloan" in the Delaware Art Center here suggests a current nostalgia for human values in art.
The exhibition presents all phases of Sloan's many-sided art.
The fact that Sloan was an extrovert, concerned primarily with what he saw, adds greatly to the value of his art as a human chronicle.
His readings were careful without being fussy, and they were authoritative without being presumptuous.
He might have been hoping, to all appearances, that this relatively sunny symphony, in conjunction with the Choral Fantasy at the end of the program, could amount to something like the Ninth;
But the primitive method of explaining the unknown with what is known bears at least a symbolic resemblance to the methods of modern science.
The programs were so well received by the British public that the arguments have been published in a totally engrossing little book called, "Rival Theories Of Cosmology".
For this reason, he says, the density of the universe always remains the same even though the galaxies are zooming away in all directions.
Now if one hydrogen atom were placed at the surface of a large sphere of hydrogen atoms, it would be subject both to the gravitation of the sphere and the charge-excess of all those atoms in the sphere.
There would seem to be some small solace in the prospect that the missile race between nations is at the same time accelerating the study of the space around us, giving us a long-sought ladder from which to peer at alien regions.
They dwell, in short, in the doltish twilight in which peasants and serfs of the past are commonly reported to have lived.
There were several fairly good minor portraits in the play, including William Hansen's impersonation of a stubborn, rather pathetic father, and Katherine Squire's vigorous characterization of a farm mother who brooked no hifalutin'nonsense from her daughter, or anyone else.
As "Much Ado" turned serious while the insipid Claudio rejected Hero at the altar, a sprinkle began to fall.
In their very first speeches it was clear that Shakespeare, like a Nostradamus, had foreseen this moment.
Eldon Elder, who designed the stage, also created a gay, spacious set that blended attractively with the park background and Shakespeare's lighthearted mood.
The symptoms Saturday night were unmistakable.
There was, additionally, a bonus for the Saturday-night patrons.
"Roots Of The Blues" may not be for gentle souls, but others should welcome its super-charged impact.
But, even if Mr. Sansom labors too hard to extract more refinements of meaning and feeling from his travel experiences than the limits of language allow, he still can charm and astound.
But no matter what he writes about he brings to his subject his own original mind and his own sensitive reactions.
He can coin a neat phrase: "a street spattered with an invigoration of people";
In recent days there have been extensive lamentations over the absence of original drama on television, but not for years have many regretted the passing of new plays on radio.
Moreover, her central figures are so busily fulfilling their multitudinous assignments that none emerges as an arresting individual in his own right or as a provocative symbol of mankind's ills.
Last Saturday's interesting melange included Ernst Toch, Karlheinz Stockhausen, Richard Yardumian and a brief excerpt from a new "space" opera by the Swedish composer, Karl-Birger Blomdahl.
the three Moldavian dances entitled "Zhok";
The best effects come from a combination of temperate climate and plenty of late-summer rain, followed by sunny days and cool nights.
Vermont's sugar maples are scarlet from Sept. 25 to Oct. 15, and often hit a height in early October.
During the first half of October the Blue Ridge and other parts of the Appalachians provide a spectacle stretching from Maryland and West Virginia to Georgia.
The Rockies have many "Aspencades", which are organized tours of the aspen areas with frequent stops at vantage points for viewing the golden panoramas.
Longwood Gardens, near Kennett Square, Pa. (about 12 miles from Wilmington, Del.), was developed and heavily endowed by the late Pierre S. Du Pont.
With an art that almost conceals art, J. D. Salinger can create a fictional world so authentic that it hurts.
This retelling by Louis Zara of the brief, anguished life of Stephen Crane -- poet and master novelist at 23, dead at 28 -- is in novelized form but does not abuse its tragic subject.
across the land.
Records
There true yachtsmen often find November winds steadier, the waters cooler, the fish hungrier, and rivers more pleasant -- less turbulence and mud, and fewer floating logs.
Inland, outboard motorists welcome cooler weather and the chance to buzz over Colorado River sandbars and Lake Mead.
Off Grand Isle, yachters often visit the towering oil rigs.
today there are 48,500.
His treatment of it is something else.
He does not.
A Clerfayt may moon on about the face of Death in the cockpit;
The west is leaderless, according to this book.
With this barrage, Montgomery of Alamein launches his attack upon the blunderings of the West.
But the greater reason for fumbling, stumbling American leadership is due to the shock her pride suffered when the Japanese attacked at Pearl Harbor.
After drastically overhauling NATO, Western leadership should turn to reducing the suspicions that tear apart the East and West.
The leader Montgomery envisages will need to discipline himself, lead a carefully regulated and orderly life, allow time for quiet thought and reflection, adapt decisions and plans to changing situations, be ruthless, particularly with inefficiency, and be honest and morally proper.
Nevertheless, Montgomery has stated courageously and wisely the crisis of the Western world.
Through previous centuries, eating changed by nearly imperceptible degrees, and mostly toward just getting enough.
Each year, reports the American Medical Association, ten million Americans spend $900 million on vitamins, tonics and other food supplements.
Vitamins, eggs and milk begin to look like foods to hold down on (though mothers'milk is still the ticket).
Throughout much of the world, food is still so scarce that half of the earth's population has trouble getting the 1,600 calories a day necessary to sustain life.
He has -- for unclear reasons -- a 25% higher death rate from cancer.
Food for frustration.
For the army of compulsive eaters -- from the nibblers and the gobblers to the downright gluttons -- reducing is a war with the will that is rarely won.
Cholesterol, the cornerstone of Dr. Keys's theory, is a mysterious yellowish, waxy substance, chemically a crystalline alcohol.
As cholesterol piles up, it narrows, irritates and damages the artery, encouraging formation of calcium deposits and slowing circulation.
That year, Sweden's Haqvin Malmros showed that the sinking death rate neatly coincided with increasingly severe restrictions on fatty foods.
The terms are generally taken for granted as though they referred to direct and axiomatic elements in the common experience of all.
In it important elements of Christianity and of the Biblical view of reality in general, which now cause us much difficulty, could be responded to quite naturally and spontaneously.
The house has been swept so clean that contemporary man has been left with no means, or at best with wholly inadequate means, for dealing with his experience of spirit.
Instead, the audience can sit back at ease and, from the perspective of an enlightened time which no longer believes in such things, enjoy the dead seriousness with which the characters in the play take the witches and devils which are under discussion.
In the end the good man, John Proctor, expresses what the audience has already come to feel when he says, "A fire, a fire is burning!
Better minds than Hale's were -- and still are -- convinced that there is a society of spirits beyond our ken".
The reality of spirit emerges in this play in spite of the author's convictions to the contrary.
Every community, if it is alive has a spirit, and that spirit is the center of its unity and identity.
The spirit of the Marine Corps was present and operative before any of the present members of it came into it.
If Bultmann's own definition of myth is strictly adhered to (and it is interesting that this is almost never done by those who make such pronouncements), the evidence is overwhelming that he does not at all exaggerate the extent to which the mythological concepts of traditional theology have become incredible and irrelevant.
But it is to say that this need is far more important for such infatuation than most of the pundits seem to have suspected.
Until we translate this gospel into a language that enlightened men today can understand, we are depriving ourselves of the very resources on which the continued success of our witness most certainly depends.
and those of us who so richly benefit from it should be the last to despise it.
They have insisted, rather, on living fully and completely within modern culture and, so far from considering this treason to God, have looked upon it as the only way they could be faithful to him.
To do this, it is sufficient to point out that if the principle in terms of which alternatives are to be conceived is such as to exclude more than two, then the question of a "third" possibility is a meaningless question.
Representing as it did the efforts of only unauthorized individuals of the Roman and Anglican Churches, and urging a communion of prayer unacceptable to Rome, this association produced little fruit, and, in fact, was condemned by the Holy Office in 1864.
In representing part of this new picture, I will be recounting some of my own personal experiences, reactions and judgments;
In spite of the increase in numbers and prestige brought about by the conversions of Newman and other Tractarians of the 1840's and 1850's, the Catholic segment of England one hundred years ago was a very small one (four per cent, or 800,000) which did not enjoy a gracious hearing from the general public.
The Protestant themselves are the first to admit the great falling off in effective membership in their churches.
A century ago, Newman saw that liberalism (what we now might call secularism) would gradually but definitely make its mark on English Protestantism, and that even high Anglicanism would someday no longer be a "serviceable breakwater against doctrinal errors more fundamental than its own".
Intercede for our separated brethren, that with us in the one true fold they may be united to the chief Shepherd, the vicar of thy Son.
Now, not only are there considerably more laity as students and professors at Oxford, but there are also numerous houses of religious orders existing in respectable and friendly relations with the non-Catholic members of the University.
Catholic priests have frequently appeared on television programs, sometimes discussing the Christian faith on an equal footing with Protestant clergymen.
a report that a Catholic nun had been requested to teach in a non-Catholic secondary school during the sickness of one of its masters;
Yet this utterly individual historical person must also contain within himself the common history of mankind.
As Origen interprets the end of history on the basis of its beginning, so Irenaeus portrays the story of Adam on the basis of the story of Christ.
Existence is created and willed by God and is not the consequence of a pre-existent rebellion or of a cosmic descent from eternity into history.
for he was created not exactly immortal, nor yet exactly mortal, but capable of immortality as well as of mortality.
The true way to immortality lay through obedience, but man did not believe this.
At the nadir of that circuit is death.
Even death, therefore, has a providential as well as a punitive function.
This emphasis upon death rather than sin as man's fundamental problem Irenaeus shares with many early theologians, especially the Greek-speaking ones.
The embarrassment of these theories over the naturalness of death is an illustration of the thesis that death cannot be only a punishment, for some termination seems necessary in a life that is lived within the natural order of time and change.
The Unitarian clergy were an exclusive club of cultivated gentlemen -- as the term was then understood in the Back Bay -- and Parker was definitely not a gentleman, either in theology or in manners.
Had it done so, the blot on its escutcheon would have remained indelible, nor could the Harvard Divinity School assemble today to honor Parker's insurgence other than by getting down on its collective knees and crying "peccavi".
In both cases the stubborn fact remains: liberalism gave birth to two brilliant apostates, both legitimate offspring of its loins, and when brought to the test, it behaved shabbily.
The fact is incontestable: that liberal world of Unitarian Boston was narrow-minded, intellectually sterile, smug, afraid of the logical consequences of its own mild ventures into iconoclasm, and quite prepared to resort to hysterical repressions when its brittle foundations were threatened.
We stand more in awe of one another than most people.
He arraigned the citizens in language of so little courtesy that they had to respond with, at the least, resentment.
It was "Duty" he said that his parents had given him as a rule -- beyond even the love that suffused his being and the sense of humor with which he was largely supplied -- and it was duty he would perform, though it cost him acute pain and exhausted him by the age of fifty.
I have, within the past fifty years, come out of all uncertainty into a faith which is a dominating conviction of the Truth and about which I have not a shadow of doubt.
Here I took my leave of my learned friends to step out on another path, to which we might give the modern name of Pragmatism, or the thing that works.
The Bible is as obviously and truly food for the spirit as bread is food for the body.
He was about to leave them, to depart from this world, and return to His Father in Heaven.
Perhaps you do not know if you belong to Him.
And His glory is flooding my soul".
Delinquency, juvenile and adult, is at an all-time high!
Is putting a rocket in orbit half so significant as the good news that God put His Son, Jesus Christ, on earth to live and die to save our hell-bound souls?
No amount of religious ceremonies or even joining a church will relieve the gnawing of your "inner" space.
The Lord is the strength of my life;
They are'worry warts.
Only 8% of the worries had behind them real causes which demanded attention.
"Sad" was not the right word, of course.
Isn't that where most of them are already -- right out on the front page of our newspapers?
And that's another reason why it is imperative for us these days to conquer our fears, to develop the poise that promotes peace.
Read the next two verses: "When the wicked, even mine enemies and my foes, came upon me to eat up my flesh, they stumbled and fell.
she was fatally injured.
We live from crisis to crisis.
-- those were His very first creative words -- He began the world with light -- this God still gives light to a world which man has plunged into darkness.
This is the faith that moved the psalmist to add his second conception of God: "The Lord is my salvation".
(Romans 31, 32, 35)
But, again, we have no real evidence on this from that quarter until the close of the ninth century A.D., when an Arabic scholar, Tabit Ibn Korra (836-901) is said to have discussed the magic square of three.
In fact, during the first century B.C., an extensive literature sprang up devoted to these subjects, finding its typical expression in the so-called "wei books", a number of which were specifically devoted to the Lo Shu and related numerical diagrams, especially in connection with divination.
Then, if the middle number is activated to its greatest potential in terms of this square, through multiplying it by the highest number, 9 (which is the square of the base number), the result is 45;
The existing reverence for Centrality must have been still further stimulated toward the close of the second century B.C., when the Han Emperor Wu Ti ordered the dynastic color changed to yellow -- which symbolized the Center among the traditional Five Directions -- and took 5 as the dynastic number, believing that he would thus place himself, his imperial family, and the nation under the most auspicious influences.
This whole tendency had an unfortunate effect on Chinese thinking.
According to this doctrine, the universe was ruled by Heaven, T'ien -- as a natural force, or in the personification of a Supreme Sky-god -- governing all things by means of a process called the Tao, which can be roughly interpreted as "the Order of the Universe" or "the Universal Way".
the 3, T'ai-Shan in Shantung, East China;
The same arrangement was used when the Lo Shu was equated with the Nine Provinces;
The first thirty to sixty days after individuals make their decision will determine their interest and participation in the life of the Church.
Some pastors write a letter the same night the decision is reported by the visitors.
Each conference should be concluded naturally with prayer.
Some pastors have two sessions in one evening, with a refreshment period between.
Following each instruction period a piece of literature dealing with the topic should be handed each one for further reading during the week.
The social time gives an opportunity for church leaders to become acquainted with the new members.
3)
Select class members for reports on various phases of the study.
Ask each new member to bring his Pledge of Loyalty to the Reception Service.
Reception into the Church Fellowship
Psychologically the reception should be the climax, following the sermon.
Invite sponsors or Fellowship Friends to stand back of the new members in the reception service.
Take a picture of the group of new members to be put in the church paper or placed on the bulletin board.
Very easily they may be neglected and eventually join the ranks of the unconcerned and inactive.
Studies of membership trends, even in some areas where population is expanding, show that numbers of churches have had little net increase, though many new members were received.
However, it is not enough to bring persons to Christian commitment and train them in the meaning of Christian discipleship.
-- Creative prayer experiences
Institutions require structure, form, and definition, and these in turn entail differentiation and exclusion.
Both eventualities are possible logically, but practically they are impossible.
I shall touch on three areas: personal, national, and theological.
2)
Insofar as these nations claim to incarnate traditions and ways of life which constitute ultimate, trans-political justifications for their existence, such people are inevitably led to emphasize the ways in which these traditions and ways are theirs rather than someone else's.
He said that on his tour the preceding year a considerable number of hours would have been available to him on Japanese radio networks, but that he had then lacked the funds to contract for them.
I turn finally to several theological developments.
And while the nation was formerly named "The Islamic Republic of Pakistan", it is now simply "The Republic of Pakistan".
Salvation reconsidered.
Yet it seems clear that there can be no good sufficiently great, or evil repelled sufficiently grave, to warrant the destruction of mankind by man's own action.
Naturally, where one or the other of the effects of an action is uncertain, this has to be taken into account.
and by deriving legitimate decision backward from whatever may conceivably or possibly or probably result, whether by anyone's doing or by accident, it finds itself driven to inaction, to non-political action in politics and non-military action in military affairs, and to the not very surprising discovery that there are now no distinctions on which the defense of justice can possibly be based.
If we have not thought and made a decision entirely in these terms, then we need to submit ourselves to the following "simple test": "Have we decided how we are to kill the other members of our household in the event of our being less injured than they are"?
I do not accept that the choice is between capitulation and the certainty of nuclear war".
"I would far rather die after a Russian occupation of this country -- by some deliberate act of refusal -- than die uselessly by atomisation".
The only contrary action, in the future as in the past, runs the risk of war;
It is not surprising that, as spokesman for real estate interests, the National Association of Real Estate Boards (NAREB) and its local associations have sought to limit and often ignore much of this pressure.
Such conversation quickly reveals an ethically significant ambivalence in the self-images held by most realtors.
The rationale for this avoidance was most frequently expressed in economic terms;
(2) their pattern of involvement in the regular legal and political processes;
There are increasing numbers of neighborhoods that are integrated residentially without great loss of property values, the white population having taken the initiative in preparing the areas for an appreciation of the Negroes'desire for well-kept housing, privacy, etc.
On the positive side, recent Federal action has largely undermined the legal sanction so long enjoyed by the segregationist position;
Judicial opinion since the Supreme Court decision on Shelley v. Kraemer (1948) has rendered racial restrictive covenants unenforcible.
A fragmented Society
We may feel pessimistic at the outlook.
and with the availability of bombs of that size, war became a new problem.
Salt water is still Af, the same hydrogen is there.
To grasp our new view of the atom, we have to appreciate first of all how small the atom is.
I saw that I would soon run out of buildings at this rate, so I decided to take another measure -- the whole state of Pennsylvania.
Finally we go into the farthest reaches of the Milky Way;
And if you should step inside of such a magnified atom, according to the physics of forty years ago, you would see circulating over your head, down at the sides, and under your feet, some twenty luminous balls about the size of footballs.
If I could put your body in an imaginary atomic press and squeeze you down, squeeze these holes out of you in the way we squeeze the holes out of a sponge, you would get smaller and smaller until finally when the last hole was gone, you would be smaller than the smallest speck of dust that you could see on this piece of paper.
And this would mean that we live in a mechanistic universe, governed by the laws of cause and effect, bound in chains of determinism that hold the universe on a completely predetermined course in which there is not room for soul or spirit or human freedom.
and as this music ebbs and flows, there is an antiphonal chorus from all the atoms outside, in fact from the atoms of the entire universe.
To what extent and in what ways did Christianity affect the United States of America in the nineteenth century?
Many of them had once been members of a church or at least had been given instruction in Christianity but for one or another reason had allowed the connexion to lapse.
Yet this cannot be proved.
By the end of the century the Roman Catholic Church was beginning to make itself felt, mainly through such institutions as hospitals but also through its attitude towards organized labour.
O beautiful for patriot dream that sees beyond the years thine alabaster cities gleam undimmed by human tears.
Significantly, the initiation and leadership of a major proportion of the reform movements, especially those in the first half of the nineteenth century, came from men and women of New England birth or parentage and from either Trinitarian or Unitarian Congregationalism.
Others were ephemeral.
After 1815 anti-slavery sentiment mounted, chiefly among Protestants and those of Protestant background of the older stock.
Theodore Dwight Weld (1803-1895) was especially active.
Although he later broke with the churches because he believed that they were insufficiently outspoken against social evils, he remained a devout Christian.
The royal ritual generated power into the other world: it also provided the living with a way to control the spirits, and bring their powers directly to bear on the everyday affairs of the world.
And to offend the dead meant to incur their wrath, and thus provoke the unleashing of countrywide disasters.
Basing action on the empirical determination of cause and effect provides a toughness and bravado that no powerful otherworldly ancestor could ever impart -- plus the added liberation from the constraint of silent burial urns.
The self-realized Mahayana saint possessed superhuman powers and magic.
To live correctly in an interdependent moral and material universe of living and dead was decisive for man's fate.
So, too, was the insistence on the relativity of the external world, and the ideas that language and things perceived by consciousness were poor substitutes indeed for immediate perception by pure, indwelling spirit: the opposition of pure consciousness to ratiocinating consciousness.
In the supernatural atmosphere of cosmic government, only the ruling elite was ever concerned with a kingdom-wide ordering of nature: popular religion aimed at more personal benefits from magical powers.
But actually these accounts reveal the supernatural powers that the masters were in fact supposed to possess, as well as the extreme degree of popular credulity: "Hwang Pah (O Baku), one day going up Mount Tien Tai which was believed to have been inhabited by Arhats with supernatural powers, met with a monk whose eyes emitted strange light.
"Why", said the teacher, "art thou so late"?
This picture of extreme self-reliant individuation is difficult to reconcile with such Zendo formulas as: "O you, demons and other spiritual beings, I now offer this to you, and may this food fill up the ten quarters of the world and all the demons and other spiritual beings be fed therewith.
Do not wonder that I said to thee, "You must be born again".
there is none who understands;
And if our gospel also is veiled, it is veiled only to those who are perishing.
St. James 18.
St. John 12, 13.
1 St. John 29.
and this is the victory that overcomes the world, our faith.
The new birth is necessary because the spiritual kingdom requires a spiritual nature.
Galatians 15.
I came that they may have life.
The new birth is Christ living in you by faith.
So is everyone who is born of the Spirit.
A final word
You may do as you please with God now.
Finally men arrested Him, gave Him a mock trial, flogged Him, nailed Him on a cross and hung Him between earth and heaven;
You may take His name upon your lips in oaths and curses if you so choose.
God has already set the day when you will be in His hands.
others unknown.
I am merely a channel for something.
Fifteen years ago, troubled by the rising tide of materialism in the post-war world, a businessman and a minister asked themselves if there might not be a place for a small magazine in which men and women, regardless of creed or color, could set forth boldly their religious convictions and bear witness to the power of faith to solve the endless problems of living.
Len LeSourd went and lived in the slums as a sidewalk derelict for ten days.
Visualize them, then, believe you are getting them, and you will have them"!
Bedridden people say I am easy to hold -- and read.
Around the table sit Protestant, Catholic, and Jew.
Recently, John Sherrill was stricken with one of the deadliest forms of cancer.
Sharp division of opinion, too, and strenuous debate.
my name is Guideposts.
I am sure that Castro was happy, too, about that support.
He showed us how he dealt with his enemies: he executed them before TV cameras.
A suspicion was growing that Fidel Castro was a Communist.
"
You may lose your life.
Instead of admonishing him to let the weights alone they personally took him to that master Montreal bodybuilding authority, Professor Roland Claude.
Now when Henri was just 12 he was only 4'10" tall and weighed an astounding 72 pounds, and his greatest desire was to pack on some weight.
"A real'nothing'torso", says Henri.
Super-Set No. 2 is made up of similar exercises, but this time done with dumbbells, and using both "moon" and flat benches.
As you see, the professor has designed a piece of apparatus that forces the bodybuilder to use a w-i-d-e grip.
So with four complete Push-Pull Super-Sets No. 1, four of No. 2, four of No. 3 and four to six sets of the Incline Bench Press, you can see that Henri De Courcy has had a terrific mass-building, muscle-shaping, torso-defining workout that cannot be improved upon.
The exercise I shall discuss in this -- the first of a new series of articles on muscle definition-specialization of a particular body part -- is the One Leg Lunge.
Really there is no reason why this fine exercise should not find its way into your leg program at all times, for the following suggestions show why it is so effective: 1.
You'll need your Weider Power Stands for this fine exercise and here's the way it's done: 1.
That's the One-Leg Lunge in a nutshell.
I sought out the gardener and asked him what he did to produce such beauties in that weather.
but pansy seeds, he told me, soon "run down".
they'd rather have things rugged, with only moderate protection on the coldest days.
When they have 4 to 6 leaves and are thrifty little plants, it's time to set them out where they are to remain.
One year I simply set the plants in the remains of a compost pile, to which a little sand had been added, and I had the most beautiful pansies in my, or any of my neighbors'experience.
Don't miss the pansies that appear from time to time through the winter.
Like strawberries in December, pansies are far more exciting in February than in May.
Nature's aim, different from ours, is to provide for the coming generation.
Would you like to grow exhibition pansies?
You will find that avocado is unlike any other fruit you have ever tasted.
The fruit is allowed to mature on the tree, but it is still firm at this point.
Nutritious and a cholesterol reducer
They were put on control diets to determine as accurately as possible, the normal cholesterol level of their blood.
Wouldn't the wanton destruction of cities and people be the logical act of complete subjugation?
If our national interest lies in being able to fight and win a war rather than committing national suicide, then we must take a much more penetrating look at ballistic missiles.
In order to destroy the enemy's mobile, moving, or imprecisely located strategic forces, we must have a hunter-killer capability in addition to our missiles.
Survivability of our strategic forces (Polaris, mobile and hardened Minuteman, hardened Atlas and Titan, and airborne Skybolt) means that it will take some time, perhaps weeks, to destroy a strategic force.
Nuclear rockets can destroy airfields with ease.
Build long-range aircraft which can take off from small (3,000-foot) airfields with runways.
If, for some reason such as economy, we are not going to develop aircraft nuclear propulsion with a sense of national urgency, then we should turn our effort to developing jet engines with a thrust-to-weight ratio of 12 or 15 to one.
Our first necessity, at the very outset of war, is post-attack reconnaissance.
Pre-attack reconnaissance is vital but only post-attack reconnaissance will allow us to terminate the war favorably.
If we fail to develop the means to hunt down and destroy the enemy's military force with extreme care and precision, and if war comes in spite of our most ardent desires for peace, our choice of alternatives will be truly frightening.
The occasion for this marathon: Angel's long-awaited reissue in its "Great Recordings Of The Century" series of the Schnabel-Pro Arte version.
And although Schnabel's pianism bristles with excitement, it is meticulously faithful to Schubert's dynamic markings and phrase indications.
Some of Curzon's playing strikes me as finicky, however.
(Babin has acquired some of Schnabel's keyboard manner, but his playing is of limited insight.
Although lacking absolute verisimilitude, they supply the ear and the imagination with all necessary materials for re-creation of the original.
) From the technical standpoint, records differ from live music to the degree that they fail to convey the true color, texture, complexity, range, intensity, pulse, and pitch of the original.
The effect of the recording is very open and natural, with the frequency emphasis exactly what you would expect from a live performance.
For me it has more of both elements than the majority of its competitors.
Your ear takes you into the ensemble, and you may well become aware of instrumental details which previously were apparent only in the score.
Forty-six of the 53 Juniors who mailed in entries were present.
No sooner had Betsey come out of the ring than Mrs. Long walked into the Working Competition with Ch. Cadet or Noranda, another home-bred product, and won!
"The reason you are in the ring today is to show your ability to present to any judge the most attractive picture of your dog that the skillful use of your aids can produce.
Mr. Barcus spoke on the subject of scholarships for Juniors -- with which he is very familiar.
Before the Juniors entered the ring the Steward announced that after all Juniors had moved their dogs around the ring and set them up, they could relax with their dogs.
Many adults showing at Westminster today are products of this Class.
Betty is 16 years of age and had several wins to her credit last year.
In 1960, there were 7287 entries in the Junior Classes.
We suggested this Class in the horse world and it was accepted immediately and included in the programs of horse shows.
If the superintendents do not receive more cooperation from Handlers, it has been suggested that licensed Judges also be qualified to judge this Class.
Comes the suspicious question.
Today the recreational boating scene is awash with heartening statistics which prove the enormous growth of that sport.
Where an opportunity to enjoy boating has not been created by bringing bodies of water to the people, means have been found to take the people and their boats to the water.
The variety of craft on the country's waters today is overwhelming.
You may have your boat of wood, canvas, plywood, plastic, or metal.
These engines can be removed from a boat with relative ease, wherein lies their greatest advantage.
Terms and rates of interest for motors generally follow those for home appliances.
What may be acceptable in one state may be strictly prohibited across the boundary line.
Hand in hand with the legislative program is the industry's self originated and directed safety program.
Each of these fine groups gives free boating classes in seamanship piloting and small boat handling.
Regardless of nomenclature, yachtels and boatels are marinas.
In the sides of the tappets are notches with sloping sides, and connection between the tappets and locking bars consist of cams called "dogs".
A turnout may have two levers, one to actually move the switch points, the other to lock the points.
Derails -- mechanical track devices that actually guide the wheels off the rails if a train passes a "stop" signal -- are used in many instances.
The sizes of pieces needed for the interlocking frame are shown in the notes within Fig. 7, most of the bars being 1/8" brass in 1/4" and 1/2" widths.
There should be 10" between the two parallel members and each should be 1" from an end of the long piece.
Remove all the loose spacing bars.
Tap these 3-48 for mounting the electrical contact later on.
Cut five pieces of Af brass bar stock 3-3/4" long.
(See Fig. 7.
These will serve as lifting pads for the electrical contacts.
The lengths of each piece are listed at the bottom of Fig. 7.
Scribe a line through the center of the pin and across the face of tappet 3, parallel to piece "A".
Assemble the parts in the frame and test the sliding action of the mating pieces.
But because science is based on mathematics doesn't mean that a hot rodder must necessarily be a mathematician.
However, it is essential that the various mathematical symbols used in the equations be understood so that the mathematical processes can be done properly and in their correct order.
The symbol for subtraction is the standard minus sign.
Numbers separated by addition symbols may be placed in any order.
The various mathematical processes can be simplified by carrying the results to only two or three decimal places.
Engine displacement
Multiplying the result by the number of cylinders in the engine gives the engine's total displacement.
.
The amount of liquid poured into the chamber is determined by subtracting the quantity still in the beaker when the chamber is full from the original quantity.
The formula for this step is: Af.
The only way to determine the final combustion chamber volume when such pistons are used is by measuring it with liquid while the cylinder head is bolted to the cylinder block and the piston is in top dead center position.
.
To determine engine speed for a given combination of the other three factors the formula is: Af.
Laguerre Hanover (Tar Heel-Lotus Hanover) and Monel (Tar Heel-Miracle Byrd) in 2:34.
Fury has made a few mistakes but looks like a wonderful prospect, with his impressive gait and stride which certainly make him cover the ground.
His best mile to date is 2:32.2.
His best time is around 2:33.
She was then trained on the trot until December 29, hitched to a breaking cart once around the half-mile track and hoppled again.
He is a fine-looking colt with a good body, good set of legs and nice way of going.
The first time I saw the latter filly she trotted by me and I noticed such a family resemblance that I said to myself, "that must be Hickory Ash".
Lena Faber (Faber Hanover-Chalidale Lena) 2:33;
Invercalt (Florican-Inverness) 2:35;
I will be able to tell you more about this string of equines in the near future.
Those responsible included Stardel Hanover (Star's Pride-Starlette Hanover), 2:30-:34.3;
Sam Caton's Butterwyn (Scotch Victor-Butler Wyn), a light bay filly, knows nothing but trot and has worked on the half-mile in 2:30-:36.
-- After 52 rainless days, moisture finally came to Del Mar, resulting in but one workout during the week for most of the horses, and leaving us with less than half our total average rainfall during the season.
Tanker T., 3, 2:05.3 is now wearing hopples and has trained in 2:19;
Well, if you're that kind of sportsman we're here to help you.
Bill Ruger's long-awaited Deerstalker (under $110) is a new rifle action in a caliber that upsets all the modern theory of high-velocity fans;
The new, jacketed slug in Magnum corrected this.
The second really new development this year was a revolver handling a different sort of varmint load -- the
You may therefore convert the gun into a small-game and plinking arm, although the difference in the point of impact (Jet vs. rim-fire) can be somewhat disconcerting.
the latter include the
, Af and the Magnums, the long action (about $135 for the Standard Coltsman and $200 for the Custom version).
The Model 99 (under $45) is a light-weight, streamlined
A spring trap for solid mounting and a regular hand trap are also available.
This design is hard to beat for timber hunting or for packing in a saddle scabbard.
Marlin's latest is also designed for the beginning shooter, although it's a full-sized rifle with plenty of barrel weight and ample stock.
There's another addition to the Stevens line, the pump-action Model 77 in (under $75), which you may or may not consider a kid's gun;
The Flite-King Trophy (beginning at just over $85) is a pump gun in 12 or 16.
John Vernon had had all the patronage he cared for -- he had prospered, but he could not retire from horsedom.
Then the Chinese hostler, who rode with Vernon on the box, would break open a hamper and produce filets of smoked bass or sturgeon, sandwiches, pickled eggs, and a rum sangaree to be heated over a spirit lamp.
The hostler would have the table ready and a pot of coffee hissing on the stove;
The Kirkpatrick version holds liqueur as optional.
The clients boarded the tallyho at the Palace promptly at seven.
The original formula goes thus:
he had the primacy among the coachmen.
Vernon would tilt his hat over one ear as he lounged with his feet on the dashboard, indulging in a huge cigar.
He was copious in his praise of those that served food that was good to eat.
Contribute also an onion, a peeled tomato and two pickled gherkins, and a mashed lime.
Though creeks in the Santa Cruz mountains flow brimful the year round and it is forever spring, the apples that grow there have a wintry crackle.
Set the apples in the pastry-lined tin, spread over them three tablespoonfuls of softened butter, with as much brown sugar, a sprinkling of nutmeg, and a fresh bay leaf, then lay on a cover of pastry, and gild it with beaten yolk of egg.
Any special photographic requirements are also given.
to West Point, N.Y., the famous military academy in a beautiful setting on the Hudson River.
Photographing in the Northeast
The South
At Cypress Gardens special bleachers are set up for photographers at water-ski shows and lovely models pose for pictures in garden settings.
The Great Smoky Mountains is another area of the South well worth a visit.
Best solution is to find an area that is predominantly sunlight or shade.
A pleasant start to your midwestern vacation is a few days spent in cosmopolitan Chicago.
In Missouri (which we are including in our general Midwest region) you can glance into Mark Twain's birthplace at Hannibal, see the landmarks of his life and writings and visualize where Huck Finn hatched his boyish mischief.
Night scenes will add an exciting touch to your vacation travelogue and what better place to take them then along Chicago's Lake Shore Drive?
the USGA Open in Birmingham from June 15-17;
Fantastic colors are to be seen in the fanciful formations of eroded rock which loom out of the semiarid country in both parks.
On May 11,330, A.D., its name was changed again, this time to Constantinople after its emperor, Constantine.
There the bus turned right along the Bosphorus, past ocean liners at anchor, to Galata Bridge over the entrance to the Golden Horn, a brown sweep of water that empties into the Bosphorus.
After the Turks conquered the city in 1453 they converted it to a mosque, adding the stubby minarets.
Across the street on my right I saw the Hippodrome, now a park.
One of the most beautiful buildings in Istanbul, it was constructed in the early years of the Seventeenth Century, with a huge central dome, two half domes that seem to cascade down from it, and smaller full domes around the gallery.
Taking the streetcar back to Kaiser's Fountain, I walked ahead, then left down the street opposite St. Sophia and just beyond the corner came to a small, one-story building with a red-tile roof, which is the entrance to the Sunken Palace.
Following arrowed signs, I veered right toward the former kitchens, complete with chimneys, which now house one of the world's greatest collections of Chinese porcelain and a fabulous array of silver dinner services.
Don't forget to buy a plastic pastry brush for basting with sauces.
Also make sure thermometer does not touch the revolving spit or hit the coals.
When you start the outdoor performance, you can stay outdoors without a dozen running trips into the kitchen.
Don't forget to have a supply of Melamine plates, bowls, cups, saucers, and platters for outdoor use.
With them, you can carry steaks and hamburgers at refrigerator temperatures, and also get your frozen food for stews and chowders, to the marina or picnic, in A-1 condition.
You'll find, once your technique is perfected, that you can cook on a boat with a simple Bernz-O-Matic.
Eat in a restaurant or motel mornings and evenings;
Go a step further and list all the wonderful barbecue basics -- cervelat, salami, Vienna sausages, mettwurst, bratwurst, bockwurst, knackwurst, Bologna, pepperoni, blutwurst -- and you have a long list of easy specialties.
To make the picnic frank come close to perfection, remember these tips:
Here are a couple of the latest, highly styled ways to fix skinless franks in your own back yard!
Makes 6 barbecues.
.
Fold into whipped cream and add a dash of salt and sprinkling of paprika.
add prepared mustard to suit taste.
place in sauce.
Place on rectangle of foil and pinch edges together tightly.
Hamburger patties with nuts
Wooden butter molds and cookie presses.
The size of wooden mold will determine the amount of clay needed.
Be sure to press the additional clay firmly into place without locking in air bubbles.
If the background of design is too smooth, or you wish to create a wood-grained effect, it may be added at this time with a dull tool such as the handle of a fine paintbrush.
raised details of designs were colored in shades of yellow-green, blue-green, brown and pink.
Mold was used as pattern and clay cut by holding knife at about 45-degree angle, to form an undercut, making base smaller than the pattern top.
Pattern for circular base piece B is diameter of Aj.
Bevel and score ends of clay piece A so that they overlap about 1/2" and make even thickness.
While assembled lid is still on design head, gently but firmly press it on plaster board.
Glaze with two coats of clear or transparent matt glaze.
Press the side pieces of clay into cavity of mold.
Construct sides, bottom and top as for box, using slip on scored edges and coils of clay to reinforce seams.
Cut a strip of clay for sides long enough and wide enough for three impressions of mold design.
Make creamer the same.
Set aside to dry with lid on sugar bowl.
A cardboard pattern cut to fit inside holder will help to prevent warping.
Changing colors
Measure straight up from marked row.
Thread matching yarn in tapestry needle.
to weave seams together:
The 80-hp motor drives her at 25 mph with six aboard!
The well itself is designed to take two Merc 800's or 500's if you wish and there's room for a 25-gallon long-cruise gas tank below it.
Construction follows a thorough study of the drawings.
The jig is erected after the frames and transom are complete.
Note, however, that it is six inches shorter at the forward end.
All bottom battens are two inches wide.
If you don't own a planer and don't want to buy one, it's well worth renting.
It's good for cutting all the planking because it cuts with a bit-like blade at high rpm and does not chatter the plywood like a saber saw.
Since the sides are also covered up to the spray rails, they are also rough-sanded in that area.
When the whole bottom has hardened, use a disk sander to feather the edges of the cloth at the keel line and near the spray rail.
Again, these blocks were set in resin-saturated glass cloth and nailed.
The exception is where the flooring butts.
The sink in the hinged panel above the bunk drains into the head and a five-gallon water tank is mounted on the bulkhead above the sink.
It is a big project, not to be taken lightly.
A warning
In many cases, you must file a complete set of plans with the local building inspector.
Don't worry too much about rocky or sloping terrain;
The inner panels do not have to be weatherproof, and the choice will depend on the quality of finish desired.
Note: If 1/2-inch panel board is used inside and out, or 5/8-inch one side and 3/8-inch the other, and 1/8-inch glass is used, stock lumber in Af, Af, and Af can be used in making the glass panels.
Set-up and maintenance
excess tension will only cause undue wear on the motor and spindle bearings.
Each cutting tool will operate best at a given speed, depending on the material worked.
There are numerous types and styles of tools to drill holes.
In soft woods with pronounced grain, there is sometimes a tendency for the hole to wander, due to the varying hardness of the wood.
"Whereas, a Bridge over Merrimack River, from the Land of Hon'ble Jonathan Greenleaf, Esquire, in Newbery, to Deer Island, and from said Island to Salisbury, would be of very extensive utility, by affording a safe Conveyance to Carriages, Teams and Travellers at all seasons of the year, and at all Times of Tide.
The division between the island and this shore, consists principally of an arch;
It was indeed a remarkable feat that a man who had had no experience of bridge building should have applied the principle of the arch, which appears in his famous bridges at Portsmouth, Haverhill, and Philadelphia.
The "Essex Journal" says that he "delivered an oration on the bridge, which for elegance of style, propriety of speech or force of argument, was truly Ciceronian".
It reads: "chain bridges
In spite of this catastrophe, the bridge was rebuilt on the same plan and opened again on July 17, 1827.
It is one of the very few, if not the only surviving bridge of its type to serve a main artery of the U.S. highway system, thus it is far more than a relic of the horse and buggy days.
General Jones was fresh from a long series of bridge burnings, including the long bridge at Fairmont, and, after seeing a great drove of horses and cattle he had collected safely across the bridge, he sent his men to work piling combustibles in and around it.
We have become amateur insurance experts and fine-feathered yard birds.
You are likely to be nearer the truth.
)
Our respective families looked as if they had quadrupled.
Since our viewpoints in this respect coincided precisely, we present the fruits of our efforts herewith as a single social code for pool owners.
No bottle pool is tolerated -- bottle pool being our lingo for those who come to swim and sink into our bar while protesting that they can only dunk and run.
Life-preservers, the buckle-on kapok-filled kind, are held in readiness, too, for the very young.
When you first acquire a pool, we earnestly recommend -- for your own mental health -- a good long chat with your insurance agent.
A sudden high rise in temperature will turn your pool poison green overnight.
It has happened.
Often one floodlight high in a tree will provide all the light you need at much less expense.
Two men can often do the installation in a day.
Control of temperature and humidity is a godsend to the aged and the invalid.
You can forget about screens, and leave the storm windows up all year around.
If you can't see your way clear to have summer cooling included when building, by all means make provision for its easy adding later.
They may be inaccessible later.
If the problems of combining cooling with your heating are knotty, it may be cheaper to plan on a completely separate cooling system.
Up until recently, this heat pump method of warming air was efficient only in areas of mild winters and when outside temperatures were above 40 degrees.
Cooling requirements are best expressed in terms of Aj.
A 1-hp conditioner, for example, may vary in effectiveness from under 8,000 BTU to well over 10,000 Aj.
Attention to details can cut in half the size unit you need and pare operating expense proportionately.
A shift in the walls, or a change in the roof slope, so the sun hits them more obliquely, can save you money.
Such extra-thick insulation not only permits a much smaller cooling installation, but will continue to reduce operating expenses both in heating and cooling.
You must know before you start what the needs and objectives of your organization are;
This gives you a better opportunity to get the feel of the climate conditions, the exposure to the sun and wind, the water interests, etcetera, which vary greatly with the seasons.
Usually there are more factors to good site planning than first impressions.
Naturally, a park site with scenic views, a good lake, trees, and sand dunes, will attract more people than a nearby area with only trees and dunes.
Water interest is one of the most valuable factors you can find for a recreation site.
Check the quality of the water.
Animals may be present at the site or provide hunting in nearby areas.
How well can the site be developed?
This is true because of savings in utility lines and the fact that your buildings have a useful radius equal in all directions.
Determine how much topography limits useful area or what the costs of earth moving or grading might be.
Some shrubs may be of good landscaping value, other areas of brush may need to be cleared.
Your invitation to write about Serge Prokofieff to honor his 70th Anniversary for the April issue of Sovietskaya Muzyka is accepted with pleasure, because I admire the music of Prokofieff;
a trial balloon to test the aesthetic climate of the times;
His life-long friend, Serge Koussevitzky, gave unreservedly of his praise and brilliant performances in Boston, New York, and Washington, D.C., to which he added broadcastings and recordings for the whole nation.
in the exciting salons of his lovely, brilliant Paris -- mistress of gaiety -- excess and abandon -- world theatre of new-found freedoms in tone, color, dance, design, and thought.
One might have expected that such a violent epoch of transition would have destroyed the creative flair of a composer, especially one whose works were so fluent and spontaneous.
This masterpiece has gaiety, too, but it is the gaiety of dancing people: earthy, salty and humorous.
Also, it should be noted that the polytonal freedom of his melodies and harmonic modulations, the brilliant orchestrations, the adroitness for evading the heaviness of figured bass, the skill in florid counterpoint were not lost in his mature output, even in the spectacular historical dramas of the stage and cinema, where a large, dramatic canvas of sound was required.
Why did Prokofieff expand in stature and fecundity, while Stravinsky (who leaped into fame like a young giant) dwindled in stature and fruitfulness?
What a patchwork of proclamations and renunciations!
With a large and circumspect 20th-Century technique, he wove the materials of national heroes and events, national folklore and children's fairy tales -- Slavic dances and love songs -- into a solid musical literature which served his people well, and is providing much enjoyment to the World at large.
It must be conceded that his native land provided Prokofieff with many of the necessary conditions for great creative incentive: economic security and cultural opportunities, incisive idioms, social fermentations for a new national ideology -- a sympathetic public and a large body of performers especially trained to fulfill his purpose.
His father, a professional engraver and an amateur landscape painter, took his sons on numerous hunting expeditions, and imparted to them his knowledge and love of nature.
But even on these, the palette often takes over while the shotgun cools off!
Finally come those little flicks of a rigger brush and the job is done.
as a result, such pictures are only a literal translation of what the artist finds in the scene before him.
From this point, I paint in as direct a manner as possible, by flowing on the washes with as pure a color mixture as I can manage.
Then I dry the sheet under mild pressure so that it will lie flat as a board.
In analyzing the watercolors of Roy Mason, the first thing that comes to mind is their essential decorativeness, yet this word has such a varied connotation that it needs some elaboration here.
It is for this reason that Roy avoids selecting subjects that require specific recognition of place for their enjoyment.
the Joseph Pennell Memorial Medal;
But why gymnastics at all?
The gymnast must develop strength, flexibility, coordination, timing, rhythm, courage, discipline, persistence and the desire for perfection.
Oddly enough, it is proven that there would be less reading difficulty.
They saw completely masculine and obviously virile men performing with incredible grace.
Very little in today's living provides the strength we need and nothing provides the flexibility.
Those children who can chin themselves should be told to do one chin-up each time they pass under it.
Push-ups
Let the body down slowly, taking at least five seconds for the letting down.
Return to the standing position.
Place flat palms on either side of the head a few inches away from the ears, fingers pointing toward the shoulders.
Straighten the arms slowly, this arches the back.
He then pushes his seat into the air and the teacher guides it over.
Every taxpayer is well aware of the vast size of our annual defense budget and most of our readers also realize that a large portion of these expenditures go for military electronics.
In this article we will concentrate on the advances in the application of electronics in bio-medical research laboratories because this is where tomorrow's commonplace equipment originates.
the specimen is magnified by the microscope.
Different parts of these cells sometimes absorb or reflect different wavelengths so that it is often possible to see internal portions of cells in a different color.
Heart-measuring techniques
In addition to the heart and aorta, successful measurements of liver and spleen have also been made by this technique.
Radio-transmitter pills
Applications to organs other than the gastrointestinal tract are planned for future experiments.
He can diagnose detachment of the retina where conventional methods indicate blindness due to glaucoma.
As mentioned before, bone reflects the sound energy and in Fig. 7 the portion of the spine shows as the black area in the center.
From the town surveyor, Hans learned drawing and mathematics and, from a university student, some academic subjects.
So impressive were those serious years of study at the university that Hans later wrote, "to be perfectly free, the young man must revel in the great kingdom of thought and imagination;
He was stirred by the announcement of Volta's discovery of chemical electricity and he immediately applied the voltaic pile to experiments with acids and alkalis.
In May, 1803, Ritter, in another flight of fancy, wrote to Oersted a letter that contained a remarkable prophecy.
He was, however, fortunate in his contact with Prof. J. G. L. Manthey (1769-1842), teacher of chemistry, who, in addition to his academic chair, was also proprietor of the "Lion Pharmacy" in Copenhagen where Oersted assisted him.
The years 1812 and 1813 saw him in Germany and France again, but on this visit to Berlin he did not seek out the philosophers as he had on his first journey.
One could also add to these analogies that steel loses its magnetism by heat, which proves that steel becomes a better conductor through a rise in temperature, just as electrical bodies do.
It was with the assistance of one of the members of this expedition, Lauritz Esmarch, that Oersted succeeded in producing light by creating an electric discharge in mercury vapor through which an electric current was made to flow.
Oersted's own earlier experiments were unimpressive, possibly because he had, like other experimenters, laid the conducting wire across the compass needle instead of parallel with it.
This indicates that this drug is being marketed under one trade name only or state regulatory organizations have approved its use on the feed tag.
As an aid in the prevention of bacterial diarrhea (scours), feed 50 grams per ton of complete feed.
Sheep
Feed at level of 70 milligrams per head per day.
To reduce vibrionic abortion in breeding sheep, feed 80 milligrams per head daily.
Aids in minimizing the occurrence of feed-lot bloat due to high consumption of concentrates.
The drug is also incorporated in supplements.
Hydroxazine hydrochloride.
How to feed:
Greatest benefits have been associated with feeding low-moisture corn in beef-feeding programs.
Do not feed to dairy cows and do not feed within 60 days of slaughter.
What it does:
To include in feed, add phenothiazine to supply 0.5 to 1 gram per sheep daily.
Drug's chemical name:
Helps control shipping dysentery and coccidiosis in lambs.
Calcium and sodium lactate.
A tranquilizer fed to cattle (other than lactating dairy cows) prior to their being subjected to stress conditions such as vaccinating, shipping, weaning calves, and excessive handling.
The selection of materials depends on skills of available labor for installation, cost of materials available locally, and your own preference.
Marketing in the new decade will be no picnic -- for the sixties will present possibly the most intense competitive activity that you have experienced in the last 20-25 yrs.
there is every indication it will continue.
Have you examined this problem of increasing consumer sophistication from the standpoint of your own company?
Have you assessed the importance of service and given it proper attention?
Have you considered the implications of continuing geographic shifts in terms of sales force allocation, strength of distributor organizations, and even plant location?
As mass dealer and distributor organizations grow in size, there is every reason to expect them to try to share in the manufacturer's as well as the distributor's profits -- which is, in effect, what the sale of private brands tends to do.
Salesmanship is still necessary, but it's a different brand of salesmanship.
There may be possible economies at any one of a number of links in your marketing and distribution chain.
How much fundamental thinking and research has your company done on its advertising program?
Are there regular communications from the field, or meetings of sales and marketing personnel with R & D people?
In the future, quantitative demand will be greater because of the expansion of the economy, and the qualitative need will be greater still.
Does your company have a program for selecting and developing sales and marketing management personnel for the longer term?
Are annual marketing plans reviewed throughout your management group to get the perspective of all individuals and get everyone on the marketing team?
This would, naturally, lengthen their courses far beyond the largely esthetic demands of interior designer's training.
"The Dictionary Of Occupational Titles" published by the U. S. Department of Labor describes him as follows: "Designs, plans and furnishes interiors of houses, commercial and institutional structures, hotels, clubs, ships, theaters, as well as set decorations for motion picture arts and television.
Few will quarrel with the aim of the schools or with the wording of their curriculum.
Instead they learn their dissection on the bulbs of plants.
Not only should every educator above the rank of instructor be expected to be a member of one of the professional organizations, but his first qualification for membership as an educator should be so sharply scrutinized that membership would be equivalent to certification to teach the subject.
The necessity of that day has long disappeared.
At the end of its letter was the information that applicants for this position "must also be prepared to teach costume design and advertising art".
Since there are almost no schools in the country offering graduate work in interior design this rule cannot at present be observed.
This, plus the habit of many schools of simply adding interior design to the many subjects of their home economics department, yet, nevertheless, claiming that they teach interior design, has contributed to the low repute of many university courses in interior design.
Is it reaching these goals?
Do your employees understand all the benefits to which your insurance entitles them?
Are you carefully policing wash-up time and rest periods to be certain that all other time is productive?
Have you considered gradual withdrawal of subsidies to your in-plant feeding operation?
Are you underwriting expensive team trips?
Can part-time drivers be assigned to other productive work?
Will your union accept seniority concessions in assigning work for older or disabled employees?
Too many plant officials are all too eager to buy a package program from an insurance company simply because it works for another plant.
Some plants go overboard on one type of fringe -- say a liberal retirement plan -- and find themselves vulnerable elsewhere.
The blue-collar worker thus knows his insurance package, for example, costs $227.72.
Don't go overboard on insurance that pays benefits only upon death.
Make sure milk for the coffee is placed in dispensers rather than in containers, if you are supplying the coffee.
And they can at least collect the money they put in, plus interest, when they leave the company.
Require each employee to work his last shift both before and after the holiday to be eligible for pay.
Vacations
As the generations move on, clothes become more suitable for the enjoyment of outdoor sports.
The most effective way to develop more places for more sportsmen to shoot is to encourage properly managed shooting preserves.
Personnel assigned through the shooting development program have proudly participated in over 53 state and regional workshops, at which hundreds of school administrators, teachers, professors, and recreational leaders have been introduced to Outdoor Education.
SAAMI's field men have served as consultants and/or have participated in 75 Teen Hunter Club activities which have reached over 40,000 enthusiastic young Americans.
Is your sporting firearms and ammunition department primed for the expanding horizons?
Here you begin to appreciate the scope of the challenges and possibilities facing the industry.
More campers than campsites
Why they keep coming
The $9.50 for lodging they save.
But it would also be a mistake for them not to realize how comfortable camping has become.
Since the Industrial Revolution, when factories emerged, this classical pattern has been followed.
forcing them into management can only create trouble.
Even the college professor in America has been affected.
there is no one point in a man's career at which he must select either the technical or the managerial path upward.
Consultant, Advanced Development
One company instituted, early in 1959, a vertical classification system consisting of four levels.
We have set up a central R & D department, as well as engineering-management departments -- about 80 people working on problems related to those of our plants.
The only'fellows'in our company are those who have been honored by ASME, AIEE or AIChE.
".
Promotion is too often based on longevity and time in salary grade instead of merit.
We also have an'engineering section head -- research engineer'classification which has salary possibilities equivalent to that of a research engineer.
"We presently are involved in inaugurating a new development center.
But Oakwood Heights is unique in one particular.
Rather the monthly total consumption was divided and charged on the basis of number of rooms and persons in the family.
It is always difficult, or at least time-consuming, to get approval of any kind of line under a public street, as one example.
The supplier delivers at his convenience in transport loads, so as to maintain two-to-three weeks reserve supply against weather contingencies.
The central storage is near a main artery quite easy to reach with large transports on a short crescent swing, with fewer trucks in the residential streets.
It will accommodate firing rates as low as a half gallon an hour.
This whole development is certain to be of interest to the readers, for the idea has so often been mentioned, somewhat wistfully.
Do it this way for the summer gargle:
Next, run the engine and let it heat up so the thermostat opens, and then look for leaks again.
The fact is that removing and leaving out a thermostat from any water cooled vehicle, will greatly increase the fuel consumption, reduce power and contribute to spark plug fouling due to an accumulation of excessive carbon deposits on the insulators.
Avoid doubling up on the same item.
For example: If your bodily injury claims start payment after the first $250, a 25% premium saving is often made.
According to a recent Wall Street Journal survey, plastics units now account for more than 50% of all sign sales.
Why the trend to plastics?
The lighter weight also means less costly supports and mountings are needed.
5.
Its high impact strength, even at low temperatures, resists chipping, cracking, and crazing, according to Du Pont.
The final choice of material depends upon such factors as costs, method of fabrication, degree of complexity, number of units required, time available for tooling, and projected life expectancy of the unit.
new panels are exchanged for the old right in the field on a single trip.
Comprised of 16 triangular trans-illuminated plastic sections, it makes it possible to combine three different signs in a single unit.
The background, which is available in various widths and continuous lengths, is extruded with parallel undercut grooves which grip the flexible letters securely.
They are molded of a special weather-resistant formulation of Tenite butyrate.
New rule no. 2:
Finish your plumbing before you frame it in (most economical framing is a thin non-bearing partition on either side of the pipes).
No auto maker would dream of putting the head on the engine before he fitted the pistons in the block.
It lessens the need for costly on-site fabrication and increases the chance for shop fabrication, where almost everything can be made better and cheaper.
The revolution now under way in materials handling makes this much easier.
"It made our whole industry recognize the need for a new kind of teamwork between manufacturer, carrier, equipment maker, dealer, and builder, all working together to cut the cost of materials handling.
For some significant new items see the pictures.
6.
Says NRLDA's James Wright: "Since 1958 carriers that move material from the yard to the job site have undergone more radical changes than any of the dealer's other equipment".
Half the manhours you pay for on most jobs are wasted because the job was not planned right, so the right tools were not handy at the right place at the right time, or the right materials were not delivered to the handiest spots or materials were not stacked in the right order for erection, or you bought cheap materials that took too long to fit, or your workmen had to come back twice to finish a job they could have done on one trip.
they make one inefficient three-men-and-a-helper team.
dry studs cost less than $.03 more.
Time stands still as you climb the narrow, stone stairways in tiny villages clinging to steep mountain slopes or wander through story-book towns, perched atop lofty crags, their faces turned to the sea.
With few exceptions, your car will be waiting for you at dockside, airport, railroad station or hotel when you arrive, oftentimes at no additional cost.
If you would feel happier with full collision insurance, there is a small additional charge, again varying from country to country and depending on the term of such insurance.
There is a large variety of models to choose from in most countries, however, including 6-passenger sedans and station wagons and the rental fee isn't all that much greater than for the wee sedans.
With six in the group, the cost comes to just a nickel a day per person on the daily fee.
There is a fairly wide selection of models of English, German and French manufacture from which you can choose from the very small Austin 7, Citroen 2 CV, Volkswagens, Renaults to the 6-passenger Simca Beaulieu.
The big spread is in the charge for each kilometer driven, being governed by the rate at which gasoline is consumed.
The way MacArthur said his line -- if you had the recorded transcript of a professional linguist -- would probably have gone like this: Af Primary stresses on emeralds and wish;
This basic principle, the first in a richly knotted bundle, was conveyed to me by Dr. Henry Lee Smith, Jr., at the University of Buffalo, where he heads the world's first department of anthropology and linguistics.
The usual U.S. norm would be: Af Middle pitches, slight pause (juncture) before mother, slight rise at the end.
Some of the earliest recordings, made in the 1940's demonstrated that psychiatrists reacted immediately to anger and anxiety in the sound track, whereas written records of the same interview offered far fewer cues to therapy which -- if they were at all discernible in print -- were picked up only by the most skilled and sensitive experts.
or surprise, which would set the patient apart from other people.
so are certain signals that she does not accept divorce.
Naturally, the patient does not say, "I hate my father", or "Sibling rivalry is what bugs me".
She was just another freighter from the States, and she seemed as commonplace as her name.
Influential people in America were warning the Pentagon to be prepared against desperation gas attacks by the Germans in future campaigns.
Bari was chosen as a depot, not only for its seeming safety, but because of its proximity to airfields.
It was getting on toward 7 o'clock and the German Me-210 plane had been and gone on its eighth straight visit.
True, there had been raids on Naples -- but Naples was pretty far north on the opposite coast.
It had been made shockingly evident that very morning to Ensign Kay K. Vesole, in charge of the armed guard aboard the John Bascom.
Like hell!
He hoped they would put in somewhere way, way down in the earth.
The night was so clear that Richardson had no difficulty making out the silhouette.
He turned the beam of his flashlight on it.
Musmanno bellowed to his Italian crewmen.
Merchant ships illuminated in the light of the flares, made to seem like stones imbedded in a lake of polished mud, were impossible to miss.
Bishop rushed on deck to grab a 20-mm gun, pumping out 400 rounds before sticks of three bombs each crashed into Holds One, Three and Five.
In this manner they side-step the seemingly hopeless investigation of the greater depths of mystery in which all of us grope continually.
As "a matter of fact no such complete solution of the dream has ever been accomplished in any case, and what is more, every one attempting such solution has found that in most cases there have remained a great many components of the dream the source of which he has been unable to explain nor is the discussion closed on the subject of the mantic or prophetic power of dreams".
In most cases we recognize certain words, persons, animals or objects.
The opening paragraph of the chapter titled The Theory Of Representative Perception, in the book Philosophies Of Science by Albert G. Ramsperger says, "passed on to the brain, and there, by some unexplained process, it causes the mind to have a perception".
It is not through space nor time that the time machine most approved by science fiction must travel for a visit to the permanent prehistoric past, or the ever-existent past-fantasy future.
Dr. Hilprecht was uncertain as to the language used by the ancient priest in his dream.
When we arrive at the events concerned in the vanished majority, they, of course, cannot impress us as anything familiar.
So wrote a ten year old student in a letter to his parents from North Country School, Lake Placid, New York.
The concept of good nutrition really began with the garden.
After reading "Plowman's Folly" by Edward H. Faulkner, he stopped plowing.
No chemical fertilizers and poisonous insecticides and fungicides are used".
"Adults take a long time to convince and you are thwarted if you try to push".
A mill stands in a room off the kitchen.
When the chance came, they first eliminated cold cereal once a week, then gradually converted to hot fresh-ground cereal every day.
Vegetables are served liberally.
Also, salt water fish is on the table once a week.
Miss Colman hopes to find suitable shakers so that kelp can be available at the tables.
To solve the problem of the wheat grains spilling on the floor and getting underfoot, a ball of maple syrup boiled to candy consistency was invented to hold the grains.
The heavy meal comes in the middle of the day.
Since the change to better nutrition, he feels he can report on improvements in health, though he considers the following statements observations and not scientific proof.
Vermont's main railroad line was prostrate.
The question was "Where to land"?
They had to act fast, for letters were clogging the terminals.
So with all this experience, Bob Fogg was a natural choice to receive the first Emergency Air Mail Star Route contract.
Sent to Montpelier by Secretary Herbert Hoover, Red Cross Aide Reuben Sleight had been killed, and his pilot, Lt. Franklin Wolfe, badly injured.
Over the weeks, America's first Star Route Air Mail settled into a routine pattern despite the vagaries of weather and the lack of ground facilities and aids to navigation.
Out at the airport each morning, Fogg's skilled mechanic Caleb Marston would have the Waco warmed up and running in the drafty hangar.
Sometimes, on a return trip, the aviator would "go upstairs" high over the clouds.
Tracks in the snow showed the plane was airborne in less than a hundred feet.
Compulsory retirement at sixty-five looms on our horizon.
only to the other fellow.
Everything must balance to the last penny.
You realize you are getting in the old fogy class.
When a plan burst its seams, hasty conferences supply the necessary patch, and life goes merrily on.
Some are blest with an abundance of good health -- some are in poor health and many are invalids.
You can do this.
If you can't think of a thing to do, try something -- anything.
Do you love to run up a hem, sew on buttons, make neat buttonholes?
Some people love to crack tile and it's amazing what beautiful designs they come up with as a result of their cracking good time.
Maybe that's your forte.
Just let the rejection slips fall where they may, and keep on plugging, and finally you will make the grade.
Then, take flowers.
Good Luck!
While man shares this procreative function with all his predecessors in the evolutionary process, he is the only animal with a true non-instinctive and conscious creative ability.
We recognize that young people through imaginative mind and body training can become athletes, acrobats, dancers, musicians and artists, developing many potentialities.
Perhaps -- but extensive discussions with contemporary practitioners, family doctors and gynecologists indicate that this is still an area of enormous ignorance.
The hymen is, in essence, a fragile membrane that more or less completely covers the entrance to the vagina in most female human beings who have not had sex relations.
Extreme cases are on record in which the doctor has had to use instruments to cut through the hymen to permit marital relations to be consummated.
This is obvious when it is remembered that, during childbirth, the vagina must dilate enough to permit the passage of the baby.
It is far better to have such conditions treated in advance than to have them show up on the honeymoon where they can create a really serious situation.
These regional differences of sensitivity to pain may be of crucial significance during the earliest intercourse.
The pain and distress associated with the performance may easily give the wife a deep-seated dread of marital relations and cause her, unconsciously, to make the sex act unpleasant and difficult for both by exercising her vaginal muscles to complicate his penetration instead of relaxing them to facilitate it.
Now while he uses talk, caresses or requires caresses from her, his bride will sympathetically understand the situation and eagerly help him restore his physical situation so they can have the consummation they both so eagerly desire.
The wide divergence of reactions is clearly illustrated in the Kinsey studies in human sexuality.
The partners each bring to it unselfish love, and each takes away an equal share of pleasure and joy.
It is she who says aye or nay to the intimate questions of sexual technique and mechanics -- not the husband.
It is only natural that she assert herself in the sexual role.
"A marriage can survive almost any kind of stress except an open and direct challenge to the husband's maleness", declares Dr. Calderone.
Finally, he was cooking, washing dishes, bathing the children, and even ironing -- and still his wife refused to have relations as often as he desired them.
More often, though, he is so accustomed to submitting to authority on the job without argument that he lives by the same rule at home.
Furthermore, Dr. Calderone says, a certain number of docile, retiring men always have been around.
This carried over into the more urbanized late 19th and early 20th centuries, when the man ruled the roost in the best bull-roaring Life With Father manner.
She found she could cope with all kinds of problems for which she was once considered too helpless.
Yet, paradoxically, according to Dr. Maurice Linden, many wives despise their husbands for not standing up to them.
Sometimes a burst of aggressiveness will sweep over a man -- or his wife -- because he or she feels age creeping up.
He must become more expressive of his own desires, more demanding and less'understanding'".
It was the trial of oleomargarine heir Minot (Mickey) Jelke for compulsory prostitution in New York that put the spotlight on the international play-girl.
"At Deauville she met an Egyptian by the name of Pulley Bey.
I am not a prostitute, and I had only one very wealthy boy friend", she said.
She seemed so anxious to go on the stage that some of her friends in the cocktail circuit set up a practical joke.
She developed another quaint habit.
She could do no wrong at the tables that time.
"The actor had had much to drink and apparently became very violent.
Of course, her benevolence was limited to those who could afford it, but then there is a limit to what one person can do.
No believer in the traditional devotion of royal servitors, the plump Pulley broke the language barrier and lured her to Cairo where she waited for nine months, vainly hoping to see Farouk.
And return to the United States she did, into waiting arms -- the unromantic ones of the New York District Attorney's office.
The next time the police saw her she was dead.
Police theorize that a combination of dope, drink and drugs killed her.
From where I sit it looks more like a nightmare.
As he applied the applicator extending from the machine -- which consisted of seven differently colored neon tubes superimposed on a rectangular base -- to the supposedly diseased portions of Mrs. Shaefer's body, Lee kept up a steady stream of pseudo-scientific mumbo-jumbo.
"You didn't tell me I had cancer".
When she submitted to his treatment with the capsules, Mrs. Shaefer felt intense pain.
Rather, it is typical of the thousands of quacks who use phony therapeutic devices to fatten themselves on the miseries of hundreds of thousands of Americans by robbing them of millions of dollars and luring them away from legitimate, ethical medical treatment of serious diseases.
Authorities believe that many of the Doctor Frauds using these false health gadgets are still in business.
In this sense, authorities believe that all estimates of phony device quackery are conservative.
"That's a lot of hard-earned money to lose", he says today.
In Chicago, some time ago, Mr. H., age 27, a diabetic since he was six, stopped using insulin because he had bought a "magic spike" -- a glass tube about the size of a pencil filled with barium chloride worth a small fraction of a cent -- sold by the Vrilium Company of Chicago for $306 as a cure-all.
)
Who are the victims of the device quacks?
The youngsters in the boys'class had nicknamed Dick "Bugs Bunny" because his teeth protruded.
occlusion is the dentist's expression for the way teeth fit together when the jaws are closed.
The eyeteeth (third from the middle on top, counting each front tooth as the first) beginning to protrude like fangs.
If baby teeth are retained too long, the incoming second teeth may be prevented from emerging at the normal time or may have to erupt in the wrong place.
The failure of teeth to fit together when closed interferes with normal chewing, so that a child may swallow food whole and put a burden on his digestive system.
On her first visit the orthodontist will take x-rays, photographs, tooth measurements, and "tooth prints" -- an impression of the mouth that permits him to study her teeth and jaws.
Next Susie will enter the treatment stage and visit the orthodontist once or twice a month, depending on the severity of her condition.
Aligning all the teeth may take a year or more.
The reason?
"Fortunately through our growth studies we have been able to see what nature does, and that helps us know what we can do".
"Both because of our culture's stress on beauty and our improved economic conditions, some parents demand that the dentist try to correct a problem before it is wise to do so.
He can correct decay, thus preventing early loss of teeth.
In fact, some sensitives rule this out, preferring to consider their expression as strictly extra-sensory perception (ESP), on this side of the "veil".
Most striking indeed is this beyond-normal ability to put a finger on "pre-conscious" moods and to clarify them.
All he can do is to be an objective and careful questioner, seeking to help the sensitive in clarifying and making more specific her paranormal impressions.
If you look at a reading meant for someone else, you will probably see that many of the items could be considered as applicable to you, even when you were not in the picture at all!
Conversely, experimenters would consider as impressive such statements as the following, which, if they turned out to be hits, are so unusual as to be really significant:
Specific dates would be important, as would double names.
Conversely, if he gives a heavy rating to his own reading, and finds more accurate facts in it than in the others, a point is chalked up for the intrinsic, objective meaningfulness of this type of mediumistic material.
Maybe an entire scene comes into consciousness, with action and motion, or a static view: "a house under a pine tree, with a little stone path going up to the door".
Impressions often appear in a symbolic form and cannot be taken at face value.
The farmer's life must be arranged to meet the demands of crops and livestock.
No matter how well work is planned, bad weather or unexpected setbacks can cause extra work that must be caught up.
A part-time farmer needs unusual skill to get as high production per hen, per cow, or per acre as can be obtained by a competent full-time farmer.
It gives them room to play and plenty of fresh air.
A part-time farmer and his family can use their spare time profitably.
You could not, of course, raise feed for the livestock on a plot this small.
If you have a year-round, full-time job you can't expect to grow much more than your family uses -- unless other members of the family do a good deal of the work or you hire help.
If you have a planting of half an acre or more you may want to buy a small garden tractor (available for $300 to $500 with attachments, 1960 prices).
If you are not well acquainted with the area in which you wish to locate, or if you are not sure that you and your family will like and make a success of farming, usually you would do better to rent a place for a year or two before you buy.
--
--
Topography and soil
The value of the farm to you will depend on --
The total is the probably gross income from farming.
The gruesome humor of the Nazis was not forgotten -- the gas chamber with a sign on it with the name of a Jewish foundation and bearing a copper Star of David -- nor the gratuitous sadism of SS officers.
in the United States the initiation of militant anti-Communism, with the repentant ex-Communist in the vanguard.
These questions touch the root of confusion in the prosecution's case.
Perhaps under the guidance of this Nazi principle one could, as Eichmann declared, feel personally friendly toward the Jews and still be their murderer.
Since the magnitude of the plan made secrecy impossible, once the wheels had began to turn, persons controlling German industries, social institutions, and armed forces became, through their anti-Semitism or their tolerance of it, conscious accomplices of Hitler's crimes;
Certainly, one of the best ways of warning the world against anti-Semitism is to demonstrate its workings as a dangerous weapon.
Should not everyone have been awakened to it as an outstanding fact of our time that the nations poisoned by anti-Semitism proved less fortunate in regard to their own freedom than those whose citizens saved their Jewish compatriots from the transports?
The peace of the community was badly disturbed, and people across the nation, reading of the incident, felt uneasy.
The first step toward the goal is the establishment of a new atmosphere of mutual good will and friendly communication on other than the polemical level.
The laws of many states permit birth control only for medical reasons.
This conclusion is based on two propositions: that man by the use of his reason can ascertain God's purpose in the universe and that God makes known His purpose by certain "given" physical arrangements.
Consider what happened during World War 1, when the Protestant churches united to push the Prohibition law through Congress.
Today, the Roman Catholic and Orthodox Churches stand virtually alone in holding that conviction.
In March, 1931, 22 out of 28 members of a committee of the Federal Council of Churches ratified artificial methods of birth control.
An action once universally condemned by all Christian churches and forbidden by the civil law is now not only approved by the overwhelming majority of Protestant denominations, but also deemed, at certain times, to be a positive religious duty.
She carried, besides her captain, a crew of twenty-one and provisions for a voyage of exploration of the Arctic waters of North America.
But since 1927, researchers digging into ancient court records and legal files have been able to find illuminating pieces of information.
Twice he had failed, and the Muscovy Company indicated it would not back him again.
A century of exploration had established that a great land mass, North and South America, lay between Europe and the Indies.
Even Hudson, experienced in Arctic sailing and determined as he was, must have had qualms as he slid down the Thames.
But men willing to sail at all into waters where wooden ships could be crushed like eggs were hard to find.
He was not the sort of sailor Hudson wanted his backers to see on board and he had Greene wait at Gravesend, where the Discovery picked him up.
Fog hung over the route constantly.
He went to his cabin and emerged carrying a large chart, which he set up in view of the crew.
To starboard was a cape a thousand feet high, patched with ice and snow, populated by thousands of screaming sea birds.
Feverishly, he tried to brush away this intuition.
Hands on Bible, seaman Lodley and carpenter Staffe swore that Juet had tried to persuade them to keep muskets and swords in their cabins.
Michael Butt and Adame Moore were thrown off the capstan and badly injured.
The latter, members of two regiments of Swiss mercenaries transported by Great Britain to Canada to fight the Americans in the War of 1812, had settled in Montreal and Kingston at the close of the war in 1815.
On Big Stone Lake near the headwaters of the Red River, Robert Dickson, Superintendent of the Western Indian Department of Canada, had a trading post and planned in 1818 to build a fort to be defended by twenty men and two small artillery pieces.
"
In September 1822 two companies of infantry arrived at the mouth of the St. Peter's River, the head of navigation on the Mississippi, and began construction of Fort St. Anthony which, upon completion, was renamed in honor of its commander, Colonel Josiah Snelling.
As the time drew near for the drawing of the British-American frontier by terms of the agreement of 1818, the company suspected that the Pembina colony -- its own post and Fort Daer -- was on American territory.
By fall, 443 survivors of this arduous journey were clustered about Fort Snelling, but most of them were sent on to Galena and St. Louis, with a few going as far as Vevay, Indiana, a notable Swiss center in the United States.
In June 1845, the Governor and Council of Assiniboia imposed a 20 per cent duty on imports via Hudson's Bay which were viewed as aimed at the "very vitals of the Company's trade and power".
Another reported that his comrades were "in fine spirits pitching around like a blind dog in a meat house".
Humor found many modes of expression.
But he was very much like his associates in his hatred of camp routine.
A Georgia soldier gave his wife the following description of the cause and consequence of diarrhoea: "I have bin a little sick with diorah two or three days.
A Yank writing from Vicksburg, May 28, 1863, stated: "not less than 50 balls have passed over me since I commenced writing.
Occasionally they would write to the slaves.
But I wold say I recond he did not mind it for he had a plenty more left and then they would lean to me like a sore eyd kitten to a basin of milk".
They brok & run and Arch holored out to shoot the ornery suns of biches and we all let go at them.
But he is a West Point graduate and therefore must be born to command".
The attitudes which the Rebs and Yanks took toward each other were very much the same and ranged over the same gamut of feeling, from friendliness to extreme hatred.
Historians have come to recognize two cardinal facts concerning nationalism and international influence.
It is an understandable paradox that most American history and most American literature is today written from an essentially egocentric and isolationistic point of view at the very time America is spreading her dominion over palm and pine.
And their roles are paralleled by those of Patrick Henry, Nathan Hale, Andrew Jackson, Davy Crockett, Theodore Roosevelt and many, many more.
Nor have we remembered that in the melting pot of America the hundreds of isolated and semi-isolated ethnic, regional and occupational groups did not fuse into a homogeneous national unit until long after education and industrialization had caused them to cast oral tradition aside as a means of carrying culturally significant material.
The problems confuse even the experts.
he hunts folklore for the very "field and stream" reasons that many persons hunt game;
The knowledge that most Americans have of folklore comes through contact with commercial propagandists and a few energetic amateurs and collectors.
When the writer uses material does he tamper with it to improve its commercial effect or does he leave it pure?
The last two writers introduce strong political bias into their works, and not unlike the union leaders that we will discuss soon, see folklore as a reservoir of protest by a downtrodden and publically silenced mass.
He killed accurately, freely, and dispassionately.
O'Banion was born in poverty, the son of an immigrant Irish plasterer, in the North Side's Little Hell, close by the Sicilian quarter and Death Corner.
two years later he served another three months for assault.
But whose requirements?
When Mayor Dever heard of the banquet he summoned Hughes for an explanation of why he had been dishonouring the police department by consorting with these felons and fixers.
On Election Day -- November 4 -- he energetically marshalled his force of bludgeon men, bribers, and experts in forging repeat votes.
O'Banion tucked away his gun and walked out of the theatre;
He says he don't want no trouble".
At last, even the controlled Torrio was unable to hold still, and he tentatively suggested that O'Banion should take a percentage in the Stickney brothels in return for one from his Cicero beer concession.
Indeed, a tremendously destructive tsunami that arose in the Arabian Sea in 1945 has even revived the interest of geologists and archaeologists in the Biblical story of the Flood.
In 1896 a Japanese tsunami killed 27,000 people and swept away 10,000 homes.
Usually it is only when they approach shallow water on the shore that they build up to their terrifying heights.
Many of them paid for their curiosity with their lives, for some minutes later the first giant wave roared over the shore.
Their onrush and retreat, he reported, was accompanied by a great hissing, roaring and rattling.
the fish have swallowed vast numbers of bottom-living diatoms, raised to the surface by the disturbance.
This center also receives prompt reports on earthquakes from four Coast Survey stations in the Pacific which are equipped with seismographs.
While accounts of the progress of the tsunami came in from various points in the Pacific (Midway reported it was covered with nine feet of water), the Hawaiian station made its calculations and notified the military services and the police that the first big wave would arrive at Honolulu at 23:30 Greenwich time.
The land, too, is changing, and earthquakes are daily reminders of this.
These waves have shown that 1,800 miles below the surface a liquid core begins, and that it, in turn, has a solid inner core.
At twelve minutes after five on the morning of Wednesday, April 18, 1906, San Francisco was shaken by a severe earthquake.
Wiry and burr-headed, with steel blue eyes and a chest splattered with medals, Chandler is the epitome of the old-time trooper.
Chandler understood this and expected the worst.
He was filled with the spirit of the Fighting Seventh.
The final proof was a small incident.
One of his innovations was to see to it that every man -- cook and clerk as well as rifleman -- qualified with every weapon in the troop.
The regiment was dug in on the east side of the river and the North Koreans were steadily building up a concentration of crack troops on the other side.
Captain Chandler saw that it was building up strength.
Chandler, looking to right and left to see how his men were faring, suddenly saw another figure bounding up the hill, hurling grenades and hollering the battle cry as he ran.
"Okay, men", he said.
Reinforcements came up quickly to take advantage of the opening made by Goulding's platoon.
From the enlisted men he pistol-whipped to the subordinate officer whose wife he tried to rape, a lot of men had plenty of reason heartily to dislike Marcus Reno.
I do mean, however, that I take them for granted, and that everything I shall be saying would appear quite idiotic against any contrary assumptions.
Assumption 3.
Prosperity is a worthy objective;
One was demonstrably false;
Add also a comparatively primitive industrial plant which would severely limit our capacity to keep abreast of the Soviets even in the missile field which is reputed to be our main strength.
Only the vain and incurably sentimental among us will lose sleep simply because foreign peoples are not as impressed by our strength as they ought to be.
In answering these questions, we need to ask not merely whether Communist troops have crossed over into territories they did not occupy before, and not merely whether disciplined agents of the Cominform are in control of governments from which they were formerly excluded: the success of Communism's war against the West does not depend on such spectacular and definitive conquests.
Six years ago French Indochina, though in troubie, was in the Western camp.
A short time ago all Africa was a Western preserve.
What have we to show by way of counter-successes?
"Sounds exactly like last time".
Better stay in the hotel lobby, where the walls looked good and thick.
"Let's play hero", I said.
And no wonder, for Vientiane, the old City of Sandalwood, had become the City of Bullet Holes.
"And it's all the more tragic because it's so little deserved", said Mr. J. J. A. Frans, a Belgian official of the United Nations Educational, Scientific, and Cultural Organization.
faith in the Buddha and staying at peace with the phis, the spirits;
Yet Laos was now one of the most explosive headaches of statesmen around the globe.
"We" were Bill Garrett of the National Geographic Illustrations Staff, whose three cameras and eight lenses made him look as formidable as any fighting man we met;
And getting them seemed a life's work.
And so, after a flight southeast to Savannakhet, we found ourselves bouncing along in a Jeep right behind the Land-Rover of Prince Boun Oum of Champassak, a tall man of Churchillian mien in a bush jacket and a ten-gallon hat from Texas.
We were miserable.
Ask Mr. Keo".
The soldiers are fighting and the Americans are helping, he said, but in the fight against the Pathet Lao the key factor is the villager himself.
This is the most endearing of Lao ceremonies.
With the divinities present and our souls in place, we were wished health, happiness, and power.
"It means that you have to get ahead".
When asked how this was different from being a good Protestant, the boy answered, "It's the same thing".
"We were brought up that way" was one statement which won general assent.
The older teens
The vocational motive is the dominant one for boys, while Jewish girls attend college for social reasons and to become culturally developed.
This is particularly true in large centers of Jewish population like New York, Chicago, and Philadelphia.
One can assume that some of the brightest boys are out of town.
Brooklyn College is unequivocally Jewish in tone, and efforts to detribalize the college by bringing in unimpeachably midwestern types on the faculty have been unavailing.
Under pressure from parents, the majority of Brooklyn College girls major in education since that co-ordinates best with marriage plans -- limited graduate study requirement and convenient working hours.
In general, however, the timetable of travel lags considerably behind that of the student at Harvard or Smith.
The Brooklyn College student shows some striking departures from prevailing collegiate models.
"Female troubles" of various kinds do not seem to have been common on the frontier;
"Butter salve" or "butter ointment" was used for burns, and for bruises as well.
this would stop the flow and also prevent infection.
when they reached the boy, the father sliced a new plug of tobacco, put the scalp back in place, and covered the raw edges with the slices.
In 1872 there were known to be twenty-two in Norton County, and one had been in the family for 200 years.
this mixture was then spread on a cloth and wrapped around the affected part.
Bathing the itching parts with kerosene gave relief and also killed the pests.
Kerosene was very effective in ridding pioneer homes of the pests.
Itching skin, considered "just nerves", was eased by treating with whiskey and salt.
A German informant gave me a sure cure made by combining rye flour and molasses into a poultice.
Saliva gathered in the mouth after a night's sleep was considered poisonous;
As the onion decayed, so did the wart.
It may, on occasion, be anything but that.
Some of them are very delicious indeed, and there are many good ones exported -- unfortunately, along with others not so good, and worse.
The one way to get around them -- short of knowing exactly what one wants and sticking to it -- is to frequent a single establishment until its wine waiter is persuaded that one is at least as interested in wine as in spending money.
The best rule of thumb for detecting corked wine (provided the eye has not already spotted it) is to smell the wet end of the cork after pulling it: if it smells of wine, the bottle is probably all right;
No one should wish to deny these purists the obvious pleasure they derive from all this, and to give fair warning where warning is due, no one who becomes fond of wines ever avoids acquiring some degree of purism!
It should not be forgotten that wines mature fastest in half-bottles, less fast in full bottles, slowly in Magnums -- and slower yet in Tregnums, double Magnums, Jeroboams, Methuselahs, and Imperiales, respectively.
This does not mean, though, that a red wine improves with prolonged aeration: there is a reasonable limit -- and wines kept over to the next meal or the next day, after they have once been opened, are never as good.
Another school frowns on such a shortcut, and insists that after leaving the bin an old red wine should first stand on end for several days to allow the sediment to roll to the very bottom, after which the bottle may be gently eased to a tilted position on its side in the cradle.
If a red Bordeaux of a good name and year is bitter or acid, or cloying and muddy-tasting, leave it alone for a while.
Early in January, 1844 he had a conference with Henry and William in New Orleans, and upon learning of Gorham's intention, Henry remonstrated calmly but firmly with his brother.
Their having family ties on our plantation & the adjoining one would be a stronger inducement".
The ages of the slaves ranged from sixty-five, for an old house servant, to an unnamed newborn child.
Giffen extracted one concession from William: the house servants could be free at any time Gorham thought expedient.
When Giffen decided to charge him interest on the loan from John Palfrey, Gorham readily assented, vowing that in a matter of dollars and cents, his brothers would never have any cause to complain of him.
At Lexington, Kentucky, Palfrey consulted with Cassius M. Clay on the same subject, but with no apparent result.
Only one objected, but Palfrey soon convinced him that he ought to go with the others.
Giffen assured him that the captain and his mate had personally promised to treat the Negroes with consideration.
After an initial rejection, which he attributed to a "general Excitement against Abolition and Emancipation", Giffen bribed the right individuals on the jury, and got the permission without further delay.
Secretary of State Dean Rusk, a former Rhodes Scholar and Mills College dean, has headed the Rockefeller Foundation and in that role expended large sums for international cultural exchange.
Unlike Wilson, who at times seemed almost anti-intellectual in his earthy pragmatism.
("Artists are always at a new frontier", she claims.
Walton, after a wartime stint with Time-Life, to become bureau chief for The New Republic.
A man of great talent, he will continue to serve as a sort of Presidential trouble-shooter, strictly ex officio, for culture.
Spokesmen for the nation's tradition-minded sculptors promptly claimed that Udall was exiling the statue because of his own hostility to this art form.
There have been indications that he hopes to redress that situation, commencing with the White House.
The First Lady appointed a Fine Arts Advisory Committee for the White House, to locate authentic pieces as well as to arrange ways to acquire them.
One of the vexatious problems to first confront President Kennedy was the property lying just across Pennsylvania Avenue from the White House.
But Judge Marvin Jones, senior member of the Court, is an elderly gentleman who lives at the nearby Metropolitan Club and desires to walk to work.
But his is still a simple life relatively free of the female presence or influence, and he must go far, even though he may go fast, for sophisticated pleasures.
Thus, when Dartmouth's Winter Carnival -- widely recognized as the greatest, wildest, roaringest college weekend anywhere, any time -- was broadcast over a national television hookup, Prexy John Sloan Dickey appeared on the screen in rugged winter garb, topped off by a tam-o'-shanter which he confessed had been acquired from a Smith girl.
And these hardy travelers are not unappreciated today.
The Lodge, built of hand-hewn virgin spruce, can handle fifty people for dining, sleeping, or lounging in its huge living room.
Probably a lawyer once said it best for all time in the Supreme Court of the United States.
"
A student orator "produced tears from a great number of the learned" even before the punch was served.
And at his last commencement, in that year, Dr. Tucker and Dartmouth were honored by the presence of distinguished academic visitors attesting to the new stature of the college.
All three are purposely kept small, with a current total enrollment of about two hundred.
But Dartmouth preserves its youthful brashness even in its educational attitudes, and, although some of its experiments may still be in the testing stage, they make for lively copy.
Uncle John Vinnicum Morse was the immediate popular suspect.
He said he would have convicted "somebody".
If this woman had delayed until after 11:20 to start her shopping, she would have had little time in which to prepare the substantial meal that was eaten at dinner in those days.
He met nobody he knew on this walk.
It was unlocked all the time she was washing windows.
There was no close examination of his clothes for bloodstains, and certainly no scientific test was made of them.
Neither had any interest in the deaths;
She told police about the prospective tenant she had heard quarreling with her father some weeks before the murders, but she said she thought he was from out of town because she heard him mention something about talking to his partner.
"How about Bridget Sullivan"?
The people who believe and retell the legend have apparently never troubled to read the trial testimony and do not know that the maid changed her testimony on several key points, always to the detriment of Lizzie.
Her mother also was a person of superior mind and broad interests.
The study of Greek was the distinctive mark of boys destined to go to college, and Lucy Upton too expected to go to college and take the full classical course offered to men.
Her study of history was persistently pursued.
There was another family interest also.
Lucy was a lively part of the household.
After correspondence with Miss Packard and to the joy of Miss Packard and Miss Giles, she came to Atlanta, in the fall of 1888, to help wherever needed, although there was then no money available to pay her a salary.
Under Miss Upton, the work of the year 1909-10 went forward without interruption.
At the Fifteenth Anniversary (1896) as already quoted, Miss Upton projected with force and eloquence the Spelman of the Future as a college of first rank, with expanding and unlimited horizons.
With the Fund in hand, the debt on the boilers had been paid;
The removal of Miss Packard 18 years earlier had caused them great sorrow, but they still had Miss Giles.
Soon the office work claimed all her time.
In those vocational programs organized with Smith-Hughes money, there may be a close tie between the labor union and a local employer on the one hand and the vocational teacher on the other.
Adult education courses, work-study programs of various sorts -- these are all evidence of a continuing interest of the schools in furthering educational opportunities for out-of-school youth.
In the Negro neighborhoods and also to some extent in the mixed neighborhoods the problem may be one of identification and motivation.
Here again we run into the roadblock that Negroes do not like to be designated as Negroes in the press.
they realize the relevance of what they are learning to their future careers, and this sense of purpose is carried over to the academic courses which they are studying at the same time.
To be sure, in tool-and-die work and in the building trades, the first job must be often on an apprentice basis, but two years of half-time vocational training enables the young man thus to anticipate one year of apprentice status.
The neighborhood high schools are not, strictly speaking, comprehensive schools, because some of the boys and girls may be attending a vocational or technical high school instead of the local school.
It is far more difficult in many communities to obtain admission to an apprentice program which involves union approval than to get into the most selective medical school in the nation.
"He has very good connections".
In the United States, where half of the world crop is grown, soybeans are processed for their edible oil.
In western Europe and North America, where the level of economic development is higher, grains and other seed products furnish less than one-third of the food consumed.
The demand for food is so great in the world that little arable land can be given over to growing the nonfood crops.
Castor oil, made from castorbeans, has gone out of style as a medicine.
Starch is used in the paper, textile, and food-processing industries and in a multitude of other manufacturing operations.
The seeds of hard, fibrous, stony fruits, called nuts, provide highly concentrated foods, oils, and other materials of value.
Exports from producing countries in terms of equivalent oil were a little more than 1 million tons, about half of which was palm kernels or oil from them and about half was palm oil.
The color and shape of seeds have long made them attractive for ornaments and decorations.
The common spices, flavorings, and condiments make up this group.
World production of coffee broke all previous records in 1959 and 1960 at more than 5 million tons.
Brewers today use corn, rice, and malted barley.
The value of products from these industries was 15.8 billion dollars, of which about one-third was created by manufacturing processes.
Cattle would drift day and night in a blizzard till it was over.
Followin'such an event there was usually a harvest of "fallen hides", and the ranchers needed skinnin'knives instead of brandin'irons.
Because Holstein cattle weren't a beef breed, they were rarely seen on a ranch, though one might be found now and then for the milk supply.
"Mixed herd" meant a herd of mixed sexes, while a "straight steer herd" was one composed entirely of steers, and when the cowman spoke of "mixed cattle", he meant cattle of various grades, ages, and sexes.
"On the hoof" was a reference to live cattle and was also used in referrin'to cattle travelin'by trail under their own power as against goin'by rail.
Any animal could when travelin'fast, be sent heels over head by the simple process of overtakin'the brute, seizin'its tail, and givin'the latter a pull to one side.
Rammin'one horn of a downed steer into the ground to hold'im down was called "peggin'".
"Yeller bellies" were cattle of Mexican breed splotched on flank and belly with yellerish color.
This became a common byword durin'the boom days when Eastern and foreign capital were so eager to buy cattle interests.
Eventually herdin'the hosses was spoken of as "hoss rustlin'", and the wrangler was called the "hoss rustler".
As they watched, Jones rode straight for the Reef.
Jones was galloping close behind them leaning down, cheering them on.
At the base of the rocky hillside, they left their horses and climbed on foot.
Careful, don't disturb her".
Even then, if she took one step forward he could catch her.
She was rested and could mount a charge.
Called out Means as she ran.
"I'll get a pole", Jones said finally, "and I'll poke a noose over her head"!
She had chosen the spot well.
The pony was sidewise to her.
Photos showed later that she'd been about six feet from Means.
This new position, however, gave the ropers a better chance.
But the time came when a church that had no part in the missionary movement was looked upon as deficient in its essential life.
As things now stand, there is a grievous disparity between the unity in Christ which we profess in ecumenical meetings and the complacent separateness of most congregations on any Main Street in the nation.
The truth, however, is that the ecumenical church is just the local church in its own true character as an integral unit of the whole People of God throughout the world.
What is now called Christian fellowship is often little more than the social chumminess of having a gracious time with the kind of people one likes.
Each viewpoint is valid if it is organically related to the other.
It is, he said, a bifocal vision, which can see both the near-at-hand and the distant and keep a Christian in right relation to both.
The gap between the ecumenical perspective and the parish perspective appears most starkly in a church in any of our comfortable suburbs.
But what is this church doing to help its members understand their roles as Christians in the world?
There is a humorous but revealing story about a rancher who owned a large slice of Texas and who wanted to have on it everything that was necessary for a completely pleasant community.
It would doubtless be greatly surprised to be told that in failing to be ecumenical it is really failing to be the Church of Christ.
You hay-shakers"!
Other hitters bloomed with more or less vigor in the news and a few even dared to dream of matching Ruth, who was still called Jidge by all his friends, or Leo or Two-Head by those who dared to taunt him (Leo was the name of the ball player he liked the least) and who called most of the world "Kid".
) The sorry fact about this young man, who was barely of age when he broke into major-league baseball, was that he really was a better ball player than he was given credit for being -- never so good as he claimed, and always an irritant to his associates, but a good steady performer when he could fight down the temptation to orate on his skills or cut up in public.
And while less than ten years earlier the wayward Black Sox -- all of them top performers in their positions -- had toiled for stingy Charles Comiskey at salaries ranging from twenty-five hundred dollars to forty-five hundred dollars a year, stars now were asking ten thousand dollars, twenty thousand dollars, yes, even fifty thousand dollars a season.
The ordinary man and woman, however, saw little of the great professional games of those Golden Days, or of any other sporting event for that matter.
Women actually began to appear unaccompanied in the stands, where they still occasionally ran the risk of coming home with a tobacco-juice stain on a clean skirt or a new curse word tingling their ears.
Time perspective -- the ability to plan for the future and to postpone gratifying immediate wants in order to achieve long-range objectives -- is more easily developed if, from infancy on, the individual has been able to rely on and trust people and the world in which she lives.
The adolescent experiences two closely related crises: self-certainty vs. an identity consciousness;
Many appeared to regard their sexual behavior as a justifiable means of gaining acceptance from and identification with others;
and whether to attend this or that college and to follow this or that course of study.
These affairs temporarily relieved the monotony of school or work activities containing no anticipation of achievement and joy of craftsmanship, no sense of dignity derived from a job well done.
This tendency is, perhaps, most clearly revealed in the literature on religious conversions and experiences of adolescents.
The case histories provide some interesting illustrations of ideological diffusion, embodied in the unwed mother's inability to identify independently a given value system or behavior pattern, and her subsequent disinclination to assume any individual responsibility for her sexual behavior.
Yet the huge amount of money consumed by the Selden litigation, which many regarded as wasteful, indirectly contributed to constructive changes in legal procedure.
the numerous squabbles over minor matters;
In a detailed letter published in the Scientific American in 1912, he remarked that "loose statements" about the case showed scant understanding of the facts.
The taking of depositions, he suggested, should be placed under a special court examiner empowered to compel responsive and relevant answers and to exclude immaterial testimony.
3
As early as 1900 a Wall Street combination acquired detail patents with the intention of exacting heavy tribute from automobile manufacturers.
For those affiliated with it, the A.L.A.M. pool was a haven from the infringement actions involving detail patents that beset the industry with mounting intensity after 1900.
He had first-hand knowledge of the patent wars which had driven about ninety per cent of the milling equipment makers out of business in the mid-1890's.
"My personal view is that not one patented invention in ten is worth making", he later told a Congressional committee.
Oleanders, cypress, and palms in the spacious gardens add much color and beauty to this attractive residential section.
Start on the Via D. Teatro Di Marcello at the foot of the Capitoline Hill.
Stand here for a few moments and look at this gem of a fountain with its four youths, each holding a tortoise and each with a foot resting on the head of a dolphin.
Paintings by Titian, Caravaggio, and Rubens are on display (open 9:30 to 4:00).
The courtyard is magnificently decorated.
The dome of the church is, outside of St. Peter's, one of the largest in Rome.
The scene before you is indeed theatrical and often appears in movies about Rome.
This circular edifice, constructed by Agrippa in B.C. 27, was rebuilt in its present shape by the Emperor Hadrian.
This is one of the most charming little squares in this part of Rome.
Either here, or in one of the modest restaurants nearby, is just the place to end this first walk through the heart of Rome.
He, too, believes in good intentions and is astounded and offended when they are not taken for the deed.
He is not prepared for it -- naturally, nobody is -- and, what is possibly much more to the point, he is exposed, as few white people are, to the anguish of the black people around him.
People who have mastered Kant, Hegel, Shakespeare, Marx, Freud, and the Bible find this statement utterly impenetrable.
The pressure within the ghetto causes the ghetto walls to expand, and this expansion is always violent.
Well, in the first place, it is not possible for anyone who has not endured both to know which is "worse".
This perpetual justification empties the heart of all human feeling.
He never sees Negroes.
Walk through the streets of Harlem and see what we, this nation, have become.
I was curious to know if Lumumba's death, which is surely among the most sinister of recent events, would elicit from "our" side anything more than the usual, well-meaning rhetoric.
The first question is: Would I like to live here?
Movement itself was the chief and often the only attraction of the primitive movies of the nineties.
end of film.
Melies, however, out of his professional instincts as a magician, discovered and made use of a number of illusionary techniques that remain part of the vocabulary of film.
The drama in the theater and the concert in the hall both have a fixed time, but the time is fixed by the director and the players, the conductor and the instrumentalists, subject, therefore, to much variation, as record collectors well know.
In narrative, time is essential, as it is in film.
much of it has continued to be used over the years and the heart of it -- good guys and bad guys in the old West -- pretty well dominated television toward the end of the 1950's.
He did more than that.
As the robbers leave the looted train, the film suddenly cuts back to the station, where the telegrapher's little daughter arrives with her father's dinner pail only to find him bound on the floor.
these films and these sequences are also seeking out -- instinctively or by design -- the peculiarly cinematic elements of narrative.
Great actors and actresses -- the most notable being Sarah Bernhardt -- were hired to repeat their stage performances before the camera.
Religious faith can be considered a necessary condition of membership in a congregation, since the decision to join a worshiping group requires some motive force, but faith is not a sufficient condition for joining;
Members of higher and lower social status often cluster around this nucleus, so that Protestant figures on social class give the impression of spread over all social classes;
in fact, a contrast is often drawn in this regard with the "impersonal" Roman Catholic parish.
A crucial question, therefore, is what evangelism and mission actually mean in metropolitan Protestantism.
In a sample of new members of Pittsburgh churches, almost 60 per cent were recruited by initial "contacts with friendly members".
Churches can be strengthened through this process of co-optation so long as the environs of the church provide a sufficient pool of people who can fit the pattern of economic integration;
In a rapidly changing society congregations will run into difficulties repeatedly, since such nice balances of economic integration are hard to sustain in the metropolis for more than a single generation.
The accelerated pace of metropolitan changes has accentuated the drive to conformity in congregations of the major denominations.
It could be argued that any fellowship which centers in residential neighborhoods is doomed to become an expression of the panic for stable identity among the middle classes.
An understanding of the new role of residential association in an industrial society serves to illuminate the forces which have fashioned the iron cage of conformity which imprisons the churches in their suburban captivity.
Protests from governors and intendants passed unheeded, and the parsimonious policy of the company probably let loose Indian insurrections that brought ruin to the company.
On the middle Mississippi a principal post was to be located near the mouth of the Arkansas.
Only two principal storehouses were actually established -- one at Mobile, the other at New Orleans.
During his first administration, Bienville succeeded in keeping Carolina traders out of the Alabama country and the Choctaw country.
British traders from South Carolina incited the Indians against the French, and there developed French and British Factions in the tribe.
Although he incited a few friendly Indians to pillage the invaders, and even kill some of them, the Carolina advance continued.
one was British and the other, French.
The Indians were not impressed and held to the Carolina traders, who swarmed over the country, almost to the Mississippi.
The difficulties of trade had ruined many voyageurs, and numbers of them had gone to live with the natives and rear half-blood families.
In order to compete with English traders, Bienville radically changed the price schedule.
the Chamber of Commerce, assaults upon the Treasury.
And are not the State Department men who dispense this largesse merely crackpots and do-gooders who have never met a payroll?
embassy workers are expected to entertain him according to his whim, frequently with their savings for the children's college tuition.
News of the project reached the press.
The principal mauler, however, was Senator Joseph McCarthy.
In the new style, the Department was berated as intellectually barren and unable to produce the vital ideas needed to outwit the Russians.
Out of it each week go hundreds of thousands of words purporting to inform home ministries about what is really happening inside Washington.
Overnight he became the most available man in Washington.
Newspaper punditry was inspired to remind everyone that Judas, too, had been able to smile.
It's the only copy I've got".
The Egyptians are noted for elusiveness of language.
The library has open shelves even in the unbound periodical stockroom.
There is a great deal of thought being given to the question of moral education in the schools.
In the evening the former Oregon State science teachers met for dinner at the New Tokyo Restaurant where I had my first raw fish and found it good.
It, along with Nara, was untouched by the war -- and is now a beautiful example of the loveliness of prewar Japan.
They apologized for the condition, including dirt and flies, and I was a little at a loss to know what to say.
About 100 of the most important items he had already given to the museum.
Again the plan was for me to go alone, but they wouldn't let me.
There were no words to say this but there was no need.
Our Masu is one of the very few architects in Japan who is trying to plan homes around family functions and women's needs.
They learn how to take care of children and sick members of the family.
Here again it was vacation time and there were many things I could not see, but I was able to visit with a professor who is famous in Japanese circles and be guided through the grounds by his assistant.
In any case, anyone who fails to make significant distinction between primary and secondary applications of economic pressure would in principle already have justified that use of economic boycott as a means which broke out a few years ago or was skillfully organized by White Citizens'Councils in the entire state of Mississippi against every local Philco dealer in that state, in protest against a Philco-sponsored program over a national TV network on which was presented a drama showing, it seemed, a "high yellow gal" smooching with a white man.
The language used itself often makes very clear that this is only another form of struggle for victory (perhaps to be chosen above all others).
In another respect it is dissimilar, for non-violent resistance demoralizes the opponent only to re-establish in him a new morale that is firmer because it is based on sounder values".
"The primary objective of non-violence", writes the outstanding Mennonite ethicist, "is not peace, or obedience to the divine will, but rather certain desired social changes, for personal, or class, or national advantage".
We may now take up for consideration a hard case which seems to require either no action employing economic pressure or else action that would seem to violate the principles set forth above.
And both in their objectives of non-discrimination and of social progress they have had ranged against them the Southerners who are called Bourbons.
Yet paradoxically my liberal friends continue to view Jefferson as one of their patron saints.
Why, in the first place, call himself a liberal if he is against laissez-faire and favors an authoritarian central government with womb-to-tomb controls over everybody?
In business circles, usually conservative, this sort of atmosphere would hardly be found.
There are of course many Souths;
Belief in the traditional way of life persists much more in the older states than in the new ones.
Among Bourbons the racial issue may have less to do with their remaining unreconstructed than other factors.
There seems to be almost a conspiracy of silence veiling it.
So instead of being tests of the South's loyalty, the Spanish War, the two World Wars, and the Korean War all served to overcome old grievances and cement reunion.
Many Northeners believe this, too, but few of them will say so publicly.
Outside those limits it asserted, as against other states, a position of sovereign equality, and, as against the "inferior" peoples of the non-Western world, a position of dominance.
Thus, to cite but one example, the Pax Britannica of the nineteenth century, whether with the British navy ruling the seas or with the City of London ruling world finance, was strictly national in motivation, however much other nations (e.g., the United States) may have incidentally benefited.
Of greater importance, however, is the content of those programs, which have had and are having enormous consequences for the American people.
That guiding principle of the Hoover Administration fell to the siege guns of the New Deal;
It is noteworthy that the majority of the delegates to the Congress were from the less developed, former colonial nations.
Reference to two other concepts -- nationalism and sovereignty -- may help to reveal the contours of the new principle.
By subduing disparate lesser groups the nation has, to some degree at least, broadened the capacity for individual liberty.
The former receives its legitimacy from the latter.
That is particularly true of sovereignty when it is applied to democratic societies, in which "popular" sovereignty is said to exist, and in federal nations, in which the jobs of government are split.
Are we as safe as we should be from such a disaster?
"E" stands for "execution" -- the moment a "go order" would unleash an American nuclear strike.
Only recently new "holes" were discovered in our safety measures, and a search is now on for more.
The first systematic thinking about this Pandora's box within Pandora's boxes was done four years ago by Fred Ikle, a frail, meek-mannered Swiss-born sociologist.
Alternate locations exist for all key command centers.
He makes the momentous decision.
A system of "gold" -- actually yellow -- phones connects him with the offices and action stations of the Secretary of Defense, the Joint Chiefs of Staff, the SAC commander and other key men.
Air Force forward headquarters in Europe and in the Pacific, which control tactical fighters on ships and land bases;
His movements and speech are precise, clear and quick.
He need only pick up one of the two red telephone receivers at his extreme left, right next to the big red button marked alert.
But even the contents of Wisman's box cannot start a war.
Once we send out the whole pie, they can put their pieces into it.
They went as rigid as black statuary six figures, lean and tall and angular, went still.
They were chasing a rain cloud.
It is a barely controlled skimming of the ground.
The other trotted over and swooped at the tiny puddle.
The malignancy of such a landscape has been beautifully described by the Australian Charles Bean.
There might have been a fence or a house just over the next rise;
There is no room for error or waste.
Finally, however, the arrangements were made and we drove out into the bush in a Land Rover.
Some chaps that know an area well can make their way by landmarks, a tree here, a wash here, a boulder there.
There was also a dog, a dingo dog.
During the hottest part of the day, of course, the sun comes straight down and there isn't any shade".
It was not merely that flies were crawling over his face but his narrowed eyelids did not blink when the flies crawled into his eye sockets.
Everything was burnished with sweat and grease so that all of the objects seemed to have been carved from the same material and to be ageless.
The smell is sexual, but so powerfully so that a civilized nose must deny it.
Idje, here", and he nodded at the man, "is said to have great odor.
In time Isfahan came to be known as "half the world", Isfahan nisf-i-jahan.
Everyone is ready to grant the Persians their history, but almost no one is willing to acknowledge their present.
And of course religious life continues to center in the more famous mosques, and commercial life -- very much a social institution -- in the bazaar.
The air, he said, was just right;
For one thing, there is a natural belt of rock across the river bed;
These are traversed by another line of vaults, and thus rooms, arched on all four sides, are formed.
All kinds come to walk in the promenade: merchants from the bazaar bickering over a deal;
Many of them, moreover, are beginning to complain about the scarcity of Western amusements and to ridicule the old life of the bazaar merchant, the mullah, and the peasant.
That, at any rate, is what happens at the Khaju bridge.
These songs (practically all Persian music, for that matter) are limited to a range of two octaves.
Unfortunately, it was Muzak, which automatically is piped into the public rooms, and which nolens volens had to be endured.
Steinberg claims that these early years of orchestra participation were of invaluable help to his career.
However, when he assumed the duties of a conductor, he relinquished his career as a pianist.
Because of the political upheaval in Germany in the 1930's, Steinberg was forced to restrict his activities to the Jewish community.
In recent years he has traveled widely in Europe, conducting in Italy, France, Austria, and Switzerland.
There will be premieres of new works, made possible through Ford Foundation commissions: Carlisle Floyd's Mystery, with Phyllis Curtin as soprano soloist.
Since he introduces so much modern music, I could not resist asking how he felt about it.
But after all, you never learned anything else"!
Since attack serves to stimulate interest in broadcasts, I added to my opening statement a sentence in which I claimed that German youth seemed to lack the enthusiasm which is a necessary ingredient of anger, and might be classified as uninterested and bored rather than angry.
You might have failed.
Once again, as in the days of the Founding Fathers, America faces a stern test.
Their writings assume more than dramatic or patriotic interest because of their conviction that the struggle in which they were involved was neither selfish nor parochial but, rather, as Washington in his last wartime circular reminded his fellow countrymen, that "with our fate will the destiny of unborn millions be involved".
Retiring to his beloved Mount Vernon, he returned to preside over the Federal Convention, and was the only man in history to be unanimously elected President.
His bold fiscal program and his broad interpretation of the Constitution stand as durable contributions.
As different physically as the tall, angular Jefferson was from the chubby, rotund Adams, the seven were striking individualists.
He served as Commander in Chief during the Revolution without compensation.
The Frenchman was astonished.
All seven recognized that independence was but the first step toward building a nation.
In purchasing Louisiana, Jefferson had to adopt Hamilton's broad construction of the Constitution, and so did Madison in advocating the rechartering of Hamilton's bank, which he had so strenuously opposed at its inception, and in adopting a Hamiltonian protective tariff.
Indeed, it seems that only in today's Southern fiction does Tobacco Road, with all the traditional trimmings of sowbelly and cornbread and mint juleps, continue to live -- but only as a weary, overexploited phantom.
In 1900 the South was only 15% urban;
the list is, obviously, endless.
An example of the changes which have crept over the Southern region may be seen in the Southern Negro's quest for a position in the white-dominated society, a problem that has been reflected in regional fiction especially since 1865.
Since 1954 the Negro's desire for social justice has led to an ironically anarchical rebellion.
Presenting an individualized Negro character, it would seem, is one of the most difficult assignments a Southern writer could tackle;
As John T. Westbrook says in his article, "Twilight Of Southern Regionalism" (Southwest Review, Winter 1957): "The miasmal mausoleum where an Old South, already too minutely autopsied in prose and poetry, should be left to rest in peace, forever dead and (let us fervently hope) forever done with".
There are almost no fictional treatments of the industrialized south".
Thus Faulkner reminds us, and wisely, that the "new" South has gradually evolved out of the Old South, and consequently its agrarian roots persist.
In fact, he calls his productions dance-theatre works of motion, shape, light, and sound.
Thus, the avant-garde choreographers have extended the scope of materials available for dance composition.
The resulting picture might appear a maze of restless confusions and contradictions, but it is more true to life than a portrait of an artificially contrived order.
The musician employing the serial technique of composition establishes a mathematical system of rotations that, once set in motion, determines the sequence of pitches and even of rhythms and intensities.
According to Katherine Litz, "the becoming, the process of realization, is the dance".
At one time she felt impelled to make dances that "moved all over the stage", much as Pollock's paintings move violently over the full extent of the canvas.
In his recognition of his impersonal self the dancer moves, and this self, in the "first revealed stroke of its existence", states the theme from which all else must follow.
An order can be chanced rather than chosen, and this approach produces an experience that is "free and discovered rather than bound and remembered".
He lifts her, puts her down, and walks off, neither pleased nor disturbed, as if nothing had happened.
The "approximate" is important, because even after the order of the work has been established by the chance method, the result is not inviolable.
The North and the South were in greater agreement on sovereignty, through all their dispute about it, than were the Founding Fathers.
To their leaders the Constitution was a compact made by the people of sovereign states, who therefore retained the right to secede from it.
.
Its drafters discussed this vital point but left it out of their Constitution.
Confederate Constitution, 1861
In his Message of December 2, 1862, he put his purpose and his policy in these words -- which I would call the Lincoln Law of Liberty-and-Union: "In giving freedom to the slave, we assure freedom to the free".
So great a man could not but understand, too, that the thing that moves men to sacrifice their lives is not the error of their thought, which their opponents see and attack, but the truth which the latter do not see -- any more than they see the error which mars the truth they themselves defend.
The lives so many of them gave, to forestall what they believed would be a fatal encroachment by the Union on the powers reserved to their states have continued ever since to safeguard all Americans against freedom's other foe.
the temperature of our homes is independent of the seasons;
The most effective political inventions seem to make maximum use of natural harbors and are aware that restraining breakwaters can play only a minor part in the whole scheme.
We get some clue from a few remembrances of childhood and from the circumstance that we are probably not much more afraid of people now than man ever was.
To say that science had reduced many such fears merely reiterates the obvious and frequent statement that science eliminated much of magic and superstition.
Our understanding of the solar system has taught us to replace our former elaborate rituals with the appropriate action which, in this case, amounts to doing nothing.
With the group of boys it is different.
We perform elaborate international exhortations and ceremonies with virtually no understanding of social cause and effect.
How and why this process occurs would provide an interesting separate subject for study.
Perhaps the most illuminating example of the reduction of fear through understanding is derived from our increased knowledge of the nature of disease.
But to me Beckett's writing had seemed permeated with love for human beings and with a kind of humor that I could reconcile neither with despair nor with nihilism.
The features of his face are distinct, but not fine.
The Irish accent is, as one would expect, combined with slight inflections from the French.
We cannot listen to a conversation for five minutes without being acutely aware of the confusion.
I am not a philosopher.
And why not?
That is why the form itself becomes a preoccupation, because it exists as a problem separate from the material it accommodates.
This is clear.
If life and death did not both present themselves to us, there would be no inscrutability.
That is the play.
No more.
One day the dogs of Ireland will do that too and perhaps also the pigs".
On the glass partition between me and the driver were three signs: one asked for help for the blind, another help for orphans, and the third for relief for the war refugees.
As a Christian, I know I do not stand where Beckett stands, but I do see much of what he sees.
And D. H. Lawrence, in Fantasia Of The Unconscious, protested vehemently against the overestimation of the sexual motive.
Jazz is sex, marijuana is a stimulus to sex, the beat tempo is adjusted to the orgiastic release of the sexual impulse.
That is reserved for the squares.
And Zen Buddhism, though it is extremely difficult to understand how these internal contradictions are reconciled, helps them in their struggle to achieve personal salvation through sexual release.
The mystique of sex, combined with marijuana and jazz, is intended to provide a design for living.
Their writing, born of their experiments in marijuana and untrammeled sexuality, reflects the extremity of their existential alienation.
What they discuss with dialectical seriousness is the degree to which sex can inspire the Muse.
In the realm of physical sensations, sex reigns supreme.
Their previous legalized marriages do not count, for they hold the laws of the state null and void.
Others who are attracted to this Mecca of the beat generation are homosexuals, heroin addicts, and smalltime hoodlums.
How is the beat poet to achieve unity of form when he is at the same time engaged in a systematic derangement of senses.
The only extended view possible to anyone less tall than the fences was that obtained from an upper bough of the apple tree.
Time is a queer thing and memory a queerer;
That world was in scale with my own smallness.
Three of these only were protected from us by stern commandment: the roses, whose petals might not be collected until they had fallen, to be made into perfume or rose-tea to drink;
Flowers, stones, and small creatures, living and dead.
We collected "lucky stones" -- all the creamy translucent pebbles, worn smooth and round, that we could find in the driveway.
We were not, however, entirely unacquainted with the varying aspects of the street.
The lazy sing-song was spaced in time like the drone of a bumble-bee.
they were like this fifty-odd years ago, and yesterday.
The wife, Amra, and her lover are both savagely portrayed, she as incarnate sensuality, "voluptuous" and "indolent", possibly "a mischief maker", with "a kind of luxurious cunning" to set against her apparent simplicity, her "birdlike brain".
"A miracle, a revelation, it was like a curtain suddenly torn away to reveal something nude".
the miraculous way in which music, revelation and death are associated in a single instant -- all this seems a triumph of art, a rather desperate art, in itself;
Again, the sufferings and disasters produced by any transgression against the commandment not to love are almost invariably associated in one way or another with childhood, with the figure of a child.
There is no more "plot" than that;
Thus, on the highroad, a troop of soldiers "marched in their own dust and sang", while on the footpath one man walks alone.
that is, on the basis of his own sinfulness and abject wretchedness, Piepsam becomes a prophet who in his ecstasy and in the name of God imprecates doom on Life -- not only the cyclist now, but the audience, the world, as well: "all you light-headed breed".
The ambulance is drawn by two "charming" little horses.
He is "a man raving mad on the way to the churchyard".
On the street outside, Hieronymus envisions a holocaust of the vanities of this world, such a burning of artistic and erotic productions as his namesake actually brought to pass in Florence, and prophetically he issues his curse: "Gladius Dei super terram cito et velociter".
Whatever pole of this contrast one emphasizes and whatever the tension between these two approaches to understanding the artistic imagination, it will be readily seen that they are not mutually exclusive, that they belong together.
For Plato, "imitation" is twice removed from reality, being a poor copy of physical appearance, which in itself is a poor copy of ideal essence.
Here artistic realism involves the audience in an impassioned participation in events whose overtones and implications are transcendent.
they are fields of force exerting a unique influence on the sensibilities and a unique relatedness to one another.
The presence of genuine mimesis in art is marked by the persistence with which the work demands attention and compels valuation even though it is but vaguely understood.
In its place is a passionate consciousness grasped and molded to feelings of positive or negative values even as the actions of one's life are determined by constellations of process in which one is caught.
Whitehead contends that the human way of understanding existence as a unity of interlocking and interdependent processes which constitute each other and which cause each other to be and not to be is possible only because the basic form of such an understanding, for all its vagueness and tendency to mistake the detail, is initially given in the way man feels the world.
For over a hundred years Southerners have felt that the North was picking on them.
I was having lunch not long ago (apologies to N. V. Peale) with three distinguished historians (one specializing in the European Middle Ages, one in American history, and one in the Far East), and I asked them if they could name instances where the general mores had been radically changed with "deliberate speed, majestic instancy" (Francis Thompson's words for the Hound Of Heaven's Pursuit) by judicial fiat.
) and was repealed.
That the Court order does not unequally affect the Southern region?
If there's no suitable academy in your own neighborhood, there's always New England.
), what voices would be left?
It is something which most of us try to get out from under.
The slaves never shared in their profits, while they did share, in a very real sense, in the profits of the slave-owners: they were fed, clothed, doctored, and so forth;
Can God be mocked, ever, in the long run?
There one finds concentrated in a comparatively small area the chief universities, colleges, and preparatory schools of the United States.
A Yale historian, writing a few years ago in The Yale Review, said: "We in New England have long since segregated our children".
Heidenstam was born in 1859, of a prosperous family.
"I scanned the world through printed symbol swart, And through the beggar's rags I strove to see The inner man.
In a bold, sometimes careless, form there is nothing academic;
Not so, he answers, it is not the architect but the temple that is immortal.
This restless individualism found its answer when he returned to live nearly all the rest of his life in Sweden.
He saw Sweden as a country of smug and narrow provincialism, indifferent to the heroic spirit of its former glory.
The Charles Men consists not of a connected narrative but of a group of short stories, each depicting a special phase of the general subject.
The career of Charles 12, is obviously very similar to that of Napoleon.
Then more than ever before did they show their fortitude and patient cheerfulness.
Slowly the procession of warriors and statesmen passes through the snow beside the black water and into the brilliantly lighted cathedral, the shrine of so many precious memories.
The record teems with romance and adventure.
no client would ever think of asking him to do such things.
He is an individualist but not an anarchist;
Driven from the marketplace by the course of history, our hero disguises himself as a private detective.
if he is legal, he may not be good.
His eccentricity begins as a defense against boredom.
On the face of it, it is because he employs deductive techniques alien to official police routine.
Hercule Poirot and Lord Peter Whimsey (the respective creations of Agatha Christie and Dorothy Sayers) have retained Holmes'egotism but not his zest for life and eccentric habits.
His alienation is far more acute than Holmes';
A similar tone of underlying futility and despair pervades the spy thrillers of Eric Ambler and dominates the most famous of all American mystery stories, Dashiell Hammett's The Maltese Falcon.
Frequently enough, the police are themselves in league with the killer;
If the detective insists upon retaining his personal standards, he must now do so in conscious defiance of his society.
It will be shown that the objectives of the cooperative people in an organization determine the type of network required, because the type of network functions according to the characteristics of the messages enumerated in Table 1.
Networks illustrating some special types of organization
Looking at the diagram, we see that Af connection lines come in to each member.
The numbers indicate the number of nearest neighbors.
Without monitoring, a military hookup becomes a noisy party.
All orders originate with the officer of highest rank and terminate with action of the men in the ranks.
In the extreme and oversimplified example suggested in Figure 3, the organization is more easily understood and more predictable in behavior.
This organizational network would be of no avail if there were no regulations pertaining to the types of message sent.
We hear equally fervent concern over the belief that we have not enough generalists who can see the over-all picture and combine our national skills and knowledge for useful purposes.
And he describes it as a balanced polarity between the notions of the free individual and what he called the fundamental law.
Some fourteen or fifteen years ago, in an essay I called The Leader Follows -- Where?
French Egalitarianism had had only nominal influence in this country before the days of Popularism.
This is important to understanding the position that doctrinaire liberals found themselves in after World War 2, and our great democratic victory that brought no peace.
All of this, I know, is recent history familiar to you.
For it was neglected, not to say nascent, when the struggle began.
The earlier of them was an unofficial enterprise, sponsored by Life magazine, under the title of The National Purpose.
The second specific comment was the report of Eisenhower's Commission on National Goals, titled Goals For Americans.
Does that not suggest to you an uncertain and uneasy, not to say confused, state of the public mind?
Noting such evidence is the first step;
We must believe we have the ability to affect our own destinies: otherwise why try anything?
But hear Harrison E. Salisbury, former Moscow correspondent of The New York Times, and author of "To Moscow -- And Beyond".
and our loss of "prestige" abroad is the direct result.
But the pseudo-capitalism which dictates our whole economy as well as our politics and social life, will not stand close scrutiny.
Examples are in public utilities, making military aircraft and accessories, or where the investment and risk for a proprietorship would be too great for a much needed project impossible to achieve by any means other than the corporate form, e.g. constructing major airports or dams.
corporations, being more amorphous, cannot.
To perpetuate wealth control led by small groups of individuals who played no role in its creation prevents those with real initiative from coming to the fore, and is basically anti-democratic.
We are tempted to blame others for our problems rather than look them straight in the face and realize they are of our own making and possible of solution only by ourselves with the help of desperately needed, enlightened, competent leaders.
and no limitation is in evidence.
New ideas were dangerous and must be repressed, no matter how.
That, however, may also bring the police, if the thinking does not meet with social approval.
But have we not gone overboard in stressing their significance?
Shakespeare gives us a vivid picture of Shylock, but probably he never saw a Jew, unless in some of his travels.
It would have been unwise policy, for instance, to apply the pound-of-flesh characterization to the thrifty Scotchman.
Reading the Old Testament would have shown the dramatist that the ideas attributed to Shylock were abhorrent to the Jews.
Ideas, in and of themselves, are not necessarily the greatest good.
That doctrine has been accepted by many, but has it produced good results?
The stepmother, almost without exception, has been presented as a cruel ogress.
In the 1930's, cures for the depression literally flooded Washington.
We are reminded, however, that freedom of thought and discussion, the unfettered exchange of ideas, is basic under our form of government.
Debate rid us of McCarthy but did not give us much that is positive.
It is testimony to the deep respect in which Mr. Eisenhower was held by members of all parties that the moral considerations raised by his approach to the matter were not explicitly to be broached.
In no other situation would a group of doctors, struggling competently to improve the life expectancy of a man beloved by the world, be subjected to such merciless and persistent questioning, and before they were prepared to demonstrate the kind of verbal precision which alone can clarify for mankind the problems it faces.
Only when that term is ended and he is a private citizen again can he be permitted the freedom and the courage to discount the dangers of his death.
"My doctors assure me that this increased percentage of risk is not great".
What is simply an opinion formed in defiance of the laws of human probability, whether or not it is later confirmed, has become by September of the election year "a firm conviction".
Thinking had stopped;
Like Lincoln, he can distinguish his relation to God from the constitutional responsibilities a questionable decision exacts of him.
and it is surely clear that the first of these is the result of the way in which the individual's command of language interacts with the other two.
There is no socially existential answer to the question.
Voegelin has analyzed this experience in the case of the stable, healthy community.
At that point we reach the "closed" historical situation: the situation in which man is no longer free to return to a status quo ante.
Its massive contours are rooted in the simple need of man, since he is always incomplete, to complete himself.
Further, change is a form of motion, it occurs as the act of a being in potency insofar as it is in potency and has not yet reached the terminus of the change.
However, the crisis occurs precisely as a weakening of spiritual forces.
Within the individual the reaction has been called various names, all, however, pointing to the same basic experience.
To this end political authority is called upon to exercise its negative and coercive powers.
Since civilizational change is the most difficult to perceive and analyze, it seldom is given adequate attention.
Reaction is rooted in a perception of tradition as a whole.
A man in a novel who is defeated in his childhood and condemned by unconscious forces within him to tiredly repeat his earliest failure in love, only makes us a little weary of man;
Incest is still a durable theme, but if it wants to get written about it will have to find ways to surprise the emotions, and there is no better way to do this than that of concealment and symbolic representation.
The story ends in the child's illness and delirium brought on by the feverish compulsion to ride his horse to win for his mother.
it conceals and yet is suggestive;
I am sure that none of the effects of this story were consciously employed by Lawrence to describe an oedipal fantasy in childhood.
If many of the characters in contemporary novels appear to be the bloodless relations of characters in a case history it is because the novelist is often forgetful today that those things that we call character manifest themselves in surface behavior, that the ego is still the executive agency of personality, and that all we know of personality must be discerned through the ego.
the heroic act is the casting off of pretense.
The infant is discovered by a fisherman who brings him home to rear him.
Mother and son recognize each other and, in Mann's version of this legend, make a remarkable confession of guilt to each other, the confession of unconscious motive and unconscious knowledge of their true identities from the time they had first set eyes on each other.
His canvases nowadays bore titles frankly declaring them to be "Figures In Space", or "Blue Figure", or "Pink Figure";
But his own work was evolving further.
Very much the political man, Helion felt himself deeply affected by the increasingly pessimistic atmosphere of France and all Europe, whose foundations seemed to him more and more shaky.
In haste he labored to finish some last abstract paintings: a three-panel frieze, with a flying figure and a fallen figure;
Its first apparition was a long, gloomy column of refugees riding in farm wagons, or pushing prams.
In the Stalag, Helion came to know and love his comrades, most of them plain folk, who, in their extremity, showed true courage and ran great risks to help each other.
Finot held a wallet with my money and papers;
not only loathing of captivity, but a faith, a hope that is even stronger.
Before leaving for America, he happened to see his old friend Jean Arp and confided to him his new resolutions.
These new pictures focussed on the familiar and commonplace objects that he had heard the men in his prison camp talking about as the things they missed most, hence associated with the sense of lost freedom: the cafe at the corner, the newspaper kiosk, the girls in doorways and windows along the street, the golden-crusted French bread they lacked, the cigarettes denied them.
Faulkner is a most untraditional traditionalist.
Some of us might be inclined to argue, in fact, that an independence of mind and action and an intolerance of regimentation, either mental or physical, are particularly Southern traits.
But in looking at Faulkner against his background in Mississippi and the South, it is important not to lose the broader perspective.
Their books found no less willing readers outside than inside the South, even while memories of the war were still sharp.
These narratives of coarse action and crude language appeared first in local newspapers, as a rule, and later found their way between book covers, though rarely into the planters'libraries beside the morocco-bound volumes of Horace, Mr. Addison, Mr. Pope, and Sir Walter Scott.
Such characters, with their low existence and often low morality, produce humorous effects in his novels and tales, as they did in the writing of Longstreet and Hooper and Harris, but it need not be added that he gives them far subtler and more intricate functions than they had in the earlier writers;
There may be a case of this sort, but it is not one we wish to argue, here.
He is a parent with a child to nurture, here and now, and he is an educator who worries about the children half way round the world.
There is another kind of ardor, a quiet, sure devotion to the fundamental decencies of human life, but no angry utopian contentions.
As things turned out, however, we have not profited greatly from the lesson: instead of persistently following a national program of our own we have often been satisfied to be against whatever Soviet policy seemed to be at the moment.
Mr. Lyford continues: "
They are determined to prove something.
Of one thing we can be sure: they were not sketched out by the revolutionary theorists of the eighteenth century who formulated the political principles and originally shaped the political institutions of what we term the "free society".
With these we shape our destiny and own private property, and that, sir, makes ours the best of all possible societies.
The obvious natural fact to ancient thinkers was the diurnal rotation of the heavens.
so, e.g. did Aristotle argue, although this may not be an observational reason in favor of circularity.
Now what is perfect motion?
A candle alight in the air directs its flame and smoke upwards.
Being less encumbered by material embodiments they partake more of what is divine.
He might even suppose the planets to move at infinity.
It is the chief merit in Copernicus'work that all his planetary calculations are interdependent.
Copernicus, by placing the sun at the center of the planetary universe, was able to reduce the number of epicycles from eighty-three to seventeen.
This is more ambitious than Ptolemy is ever required to be when he faces his isolated problems.
There are in The Almagest no rules for determining in advance whether a new epicycle will be required for dealing with abberations in lunar, solar, or planetary behavior.
It is really the funeral day of scholastic science.
Copernicus required a systematically integrated, physically intelligible astronomy.
One is so accustomed to think of men as the privileged who need but ask and receive, and women as submissive and yielding, that our sympathies are usually enlisted on the side of the man whose love is not returned, and we condemn the woman as a coquette.
"
In the following year her father undertook to give a course in Hebrew theology to Johns Hopkins students, and this brought to the Szold house a group of bright young Jews who had come to Baltimore to study, and who enjoyed being fed and mothered by Mamma and entertained by Henrietta and Rachel, who played and sang for them in the upstairs sitting room on Sunday evenings.
Henrietta, however, was at that time engaged in a lengthy correspondence with Joe's older and more serious brother, Morris, who was just about her own age and whom she had got to know well during trips to Philadelphia with Papa, when he substituted for Rabbi Jastrow at Rodeph Shalom Temple there during its Rabbi's absence in Europe.
and, "I do think that families are the most beautiful things in all the world", burst out Jo some five hundred pages later in that popular story of the March family, which had first appeared when Henrietta was eight;
Bertha Szold was more like Meg, the eldest March girl, who "learned that a woman's happiest kingdom is home, her highest honor the art of ruling it, not as a queen, but a wise wife and mother".
For Rachel, conceded to be the prettiest of the Szold girls -- and she did make a pretty picture sitting in the grape-arbor strumming her guitar and singing in her silvery tones -- there was no particular March counterpart;
No wonder Wright was enchanted -- no two better suited people ever met.
Cloud made an interesting statement in parting from his client: "I wanted to be a lawyer, and Mrs. Wright wanted me to be an avenging angel.
This showed that common sense had not died out at the county and village level -- though why the unhappy and obviously unbalanced woman was not restrained remains a puzzle.
Miriam Noel Wright said, "Here I am at my own home, locked out so I must stand in the road"!
You are even uglier than Mr. Wright".
"That isn't a boulevard, it's a racetrack"!
You'll have trees again.
Amid a shortage of profitable work, the memory of Albert Johnson's $20,000 stood out in lonely grandeur -- the money had quickly melted away.
nor was she moved by a letter from Wright pointing out that if he was not "compelled to spend money on useless lawyer's bills, useless hotel bills, and useless doctor's bills", he could more quickly provide Miriam with a suitable home either in Los Angeles or Paris, as she preferred.
"Volstead laws, speed laws, divorce laws", he said, "as they now stand, demoralize the individual, make liars and law breakers of us in one way or another, and tend to make our experiment in democracy absurd.
For pride's sake, I will not say that the coy and leering vade mecum of those verses insinuated itself into my soul.
One should not, of course, pluck the head off a flower and expect its perfume to linger on.
But all this, I am well aware, is the bel canto of love, and although I have always liked to think that it was to the bel canto and to that alone that I listened, I know well enough that it was not.
), I have never wanted to know what you knew of passion.
What I fled from was my fear of what, unwittingly, you might betray, without meaning to, about my father and yourself.
However, I confess my hope that I will be innocent again, not with a pristine, accidental innocence, but rather with an innocence achieved by the slow cutting away of the flesh to reach the bone.
Here, if anywhere, it is not wholly incontrovertible.
Before being daughter, wife, or mother, before being cultured (a word now bereft both socially and politically of the sheen you children of frontiersmen bestowed on it), before being sorry for the poor, progressive about public health, and prettily if somewhat imprecisely humanitarian, indeed first and foremost, you were a lady.
Each song or ditty was prefaced by an author's note which indicated the origin and meaning of the song as well as special interest the song had, musical arrangement, and most of the chorus and verses.
It is a mistake, however, to imagine that Sandburg uses the guitar as a prop.
To play the guitar as he aspires will devour his three-fold energy as a historian, a poet and a singer.
Carl hadn't brought his along.
While the picture was taken, Mr. Miller's disposition to be generous to Mr. Sandburg increased to the point where he advised,'I won't even charge you the one dollar rental fee'".
That was all he had to say.
Carl has been married to Paula for fifty-three years, and he has not made a single major decision without careful consideration and thorough discussion with his wife.
She has small, broad, capable hands and an enormous energy.
"My mother read a book right after I was born and there was a Lilian in the book she loved and I became Lilian -- and eventually I became Paula".
The parents compromised, however, on a convent school and Paula went to Ursuline Academy in London, Ontario.
At the University of Chicago she studied Whitman and Shelley, and became a Socialist.
) By the time the streetcar pulled away, he had fallen in love with Paula.
Not for a moment do we forget that our own fate is firmly fastened to that of these countries;
To remain secure and prosperous themselves, wealthy nations must extend the kind of co-operation to the less fortunate members that will inspire hope, confidence, and progress.
I believe that the industrial countries are ready to participate actively in supplementing the efforts of the developing nations to achieve progress.
there is no easy and quick way to follow from the oxcart to the jet plane.
During the past year I have discussed this matter with the leaders of several Western nations.
Until tangible and mutually enforceable arms reduction measures are worked out we will not weaken the means of defending our institutions.
Such performance is a great tribute to American scientists and engineers, who in the past five years have had to telescope time and technology to develop these long-range ballistic missiles, where America had none before.
We note that, first, America has already made great contributions in the past two years to the world's fund of knowledge of astrophysics and space science.
and for perfecting instruments to collect and transmit the data we seek.
Yet we continue to be afflicted by nagging disorders.
It also implied that Paul Bang-Jensen had been irresponsible.
He was right, and Peter Marshall could not help but recall Andrew Cordier's words on the subject, "Well, it seemed as good a place as any to do the job".
The result was the "Gross Report", prepared by Gross, as chairman, with the assistance of two U.N. Under Secretaries, Constantin Stavropoulos and Philippe De Seynes.
"Mr. Gross, your report says that'our function is investigative and advisory and does not in any way derogate from or prejudice Mr. Bang-Jensen's rights as a staff member.
"Don't forget, here was a man who had been accusing his colleagues for almost a year of willfully attempting to present an incorrect report.
In his own words, Bang-Jensen'took it for granted that the Group would report to the Secretary General privately and not in public.
Gross shot another look at Marshall.
He claimed you made other slanderous allegations".
Hammarskjold didn't like the way it was carried out.
Mr. Stavropoulos is the U.N. legal chief and a very good man, but he is not fully versed on some technical points of American law".
Gross pointed to the Manley story.
But it wasn't a violent discussion.
Don't forget, I am an old member of the club, a former delegate.
Ernest Gross replied the next day, putting the suspended diplomat's fears to rest.
Marshall pondered the reason for this, and pondered too the replacement of one member of the three-man group.
Skipping was the alternative.
This is very uncommon".
the weather had turned wet and cold.
Born a Congregationalist, he had been baptized as a tiny baby in the usual manner by having a few drops of water sprinkled on his head, yet nowhere in the whole of the New Testament could he find a description of anybody being baptized by sprinkling.
"If you become a Baptist, I will not", Ann informed her husband, but sweeping her threat aside Adoniram continued to search for an answer to the personal dilemma in which he found himself.
Sometimes ships waited for days for such a man, but Captain Heard was lucky.
Relieved of the major part of his responsibility for the safety of the ship, the pilot's oaths became fewer.
The pagodas we have passed are much larger than the houses".
The noise stunned her.
They were in fact quietly laughing at him, for their King wished to have nothing to do with the Western world.
Unspeakable tortures or even execution might well be their fate.
On December 21, the day that the Irish House of Commons petitioned for removal of Sir Constantine Phipps, their Tory Lord Chancellor, Molesworth reportedly made this remark on the defense of Phipps by Convocation: "They that have turned the world upside down, are come hither also".
In answer to The Crisis, Swift produced The Publick Spirit Of The Whigs, his most extensive and bitter attack on his old friend.
but his principal theme is that the intrigues of the Tories, "our Popish or Jacobite Party", pose an immediate threat to Church and State.
At the order of the Dowager Electress, the Hanoverian agents, supported by the Whig leaders, demanded that a writ of summons be issued which would call the Duke to England to sit in Parliament, thus further insuring the Succession by establishing a Hanoverian Prince in England before the Queen's death.
Thus he complains, with considerable justice, that the Tory writers have resorted to libel instead of answering his arguments.
by this term he means to ridicule their professions of acting in the interest of the Church despite their own education and manner of life -- a gibe, in other words, at the "Presbyterianism" in Harley's family and at Bolingbroke's reputed impiety.
He reviews Steele's entrance into politics and finds that his present difficulties are due to his habit of attributing to his own abilities and talents achievements which more properly should be credited to the indulgence of his friends.
When Harold Arlen returned to California in the winter of 1944, it was to take up again a collaboration with Johnny Mercer, begun some years before.
His father, George A. Mercer, was descended from an honored Southern family that could trace its ancestry back to one Hugh Mercer, who had emigrated from Scotland in 1747.
But Mrs. Mercer demanded more.
It generally took well into the autumn for the firm to recover from the summer's help.
The check had been mailed from Chicago, the envelope bore no return address, and the check was not signed.
A story, no doubt apocryphal, for Mercer himself denies it, has him sporting a monacle in those Village days.
The Mercers took up residence in Brooklyn, and Mercer found a regular job in Wall Street "misplacing stocks and bonds".
He may be the only song writer ever to have collaborated with a secretary of the U. S. Treasury;
After we got a script and the spots for the songs were blocked out, we'd get together for an hour or so every day.
While Arlen and Mercer collaborated on Hot Nocturne, Mercer worked also with Arthur Schwartz on another film, Navy Blues.
I feel obliged to describe this cubbyhole.
He arrived on crutches at the Newspaper Club with one of his great pals, Oliver Herford, artist, author, and foe of stupidity.
The unrelieved stranger eventually turned away from the place of his -- shall we dare say his Waterloo?
When, in my enthusiasm, I proposed the party, my city editor (who disliked the club and many of its members) tried to block my participation in the gala event.
He had worked in the newspaper business since he was nineteen years old, always for the Hearst service.
Watson told me that his brother always sent roses to his mother, blossoms bought with Vic's allowance to him.
It's bigger than the Armistice".
I explained my state of mind to artist Winsor McCay and to "Bugs" Baer.
Just then a reporter telephoned in from the Bronx to give the rewrite desk an account of a murder.
He had been "seeing things".
I cannot"
The colonel grunted, then made a remark which might be construed in either of two ways.
Sometimes, Mrs. Coolidge would close herself in the Green Suite on the second floor, and play the piano she had brought to the White House.
One shawl was so tremendous that she could not wear it, so she draped it over the banister on the second floor, and it hung over the stairway.
The name inside the envelope was "Cynthia".
It is not the same dress as the one on her manikin in the Smithsonian.
He showed them what to do, and taught them how to keep the maids around the White House in a state of terror.
At dinner, lunch, or breakfast, the President would call out, "Supper"!
Every First Family seems to have one couple upon whom it relies for true friendship.
Mama said that if Presidents were supposed to be colorful, Mr. Coolidge certainly made a good president.
Mama was very patriotic, and one of the duties she was proudest of was repairing the edges of the flag that flew above the White House.
As a result, he was sent to a hospital in Arizona until his health improved enough for him to come back to Washington to work in the Government service.
One night, Mama came home practically in a state of shock.
some Jews have in fact been all things to all men.
Conventional images of Jews have this in common with all perceptions of a configuration in which one feature is held constant: images can be both true and false.
He may have entered the situation with predispositions that prepared him to act uncritically in the press of affairs.
The foregoing factors are pertinent to the analysis of perceptual images and the broad conditions under which they achieve realism or fall short of it.
The tasks are briefly indicated by these questions: What are my goals in Gentile-Jewish relations?
Within this frame of reference policies appropriate to claims advanced in the name of the Jews depend upon which Jewish identity is involved, as well as upon the nature of the claim, the characteristics of the claimant, the justifications proposed, and the predispositions of the community decision makers who are called upon to act.
They involve similar uncertainties regarding the multiple identities of any number of non-Jewish groups.
the future weight of informal factors cannot be so easily assessed.
During intercrisis periods the educational facilities of the community have the possibility of remolding the perspectives and altering the behavior of vast numbers of human beings of every age and condition.
For what we propose, however, a psychoanalyst is not necessary, even though one aim is to enable the reader to get beneath his own defenses -- his defenses of himself to himself.
In essence this involves grounding one's thought and emotion in the values and experience of others, rather than in one's own values and experience.
And this, I think, holds for values as well as life styles.
Still, it would be surprising if what one reads did not contribute to one's ideas of right and wrong;
The terms "renewal" and "refreshed", which often come up in aesthetic discussion, seem partly to derive their import from the "renewal" of purpose and a "refreshed" sense of significance a person may receive from poetry, drama, and fiction.
It is possible that the idea of enrichment of emotion is a fifth idea.
Something indirect, mixed, reconciling, tensional might well be the stratagem, the devious technique by which a poet indulged in all kinds of talk about love and anger and even in something like "expressions" of these emotions, without aiming at their incitement or even uttering anything that essentially involves their incitement".
In the calm which follows the reading of a poem, for example, is the effect produced by the enforced quiet, by the musical quality of words and rhythm, by the sentiments or sense of the poem, by the associations with earlier readings, if it is familiar, by the boost to the self-esteem for the semi-literate, by the diversion of attention, by the sense of security in a legitimized withdrawal, by a kind license for some variety of fantasy life regarded as forbidden, or by half-conscious ideas about the magical power of words?
Solomon Asch shows the transcultural stability of metaphors based on sensation (hot, sweet, bitter, etc.) dealing with personal qualities of human beings and events.
but the possibility of this effort is bound up with that development of historical thought which is the greatest achievement of our civilization in the last two centuries, and it is utterly impossible to people in whom this development has not taken place.
Most students of literature, whether they call themselves scholars or critics, are ready to argue that it is possible to understand literary works as well as to enjoy them.
An idea, let us say, may be roughly defined as a theme or topic with which our reflection may be concerned.
Thus the student of literature may sometimes find it helpful to classify a poem or an essay as being in idea or in ideal content or subject matter typical or atypical of its period.
When these fields are surveyed together, important patterns of relationship emerge indicating a vast community of reciprocal influence, a continuity of thought and expression including many traditions, primarily literary, religious, and philosophical, but frequently including contact with the fine arts and even, to some extent, with science.
The student of ideas and their place in history will always be concerned with the patterns of transition, which are at the same time patterns of transformation, whereby ideas pass from one area of activity to another.
This reading and the comments that it evoked constitute the influence.
"You could come down to the office once a day, look over a few exchanges, dictate an editorial, and then have the remainder of your time for your more serious literary labors.
On April 10, 1904, his first child was born, a son named George after the late Senator.
"
Inherently incapable of cooperating with others, he ran his own show regardless of how many party-line Democratic toes he stepped on.
There was a host of dark horses.
This, it is urged, would relieve the national committee from the necessity of appealing to the trust magnates.
But there is a Hearst barrel.
Hearst won the Iowa state convention, but ran into a bitter battle in Indiana before losing to Parker, drawing an angry statement from Indiana's John W. Kern:
Koenigsberg never did learn what Hearst wanted, for the latter shook hands and moved toward the door.
Hearst hopped into a private railroad car with Max Ihmsen and made an arduous personal canvass for delegates in the western and southern states, always wearing a frock coat, listening intently to local politicians, and generally making a good impression.
When Nan Patterson, a stunning and money-minded chorus girl who had appeared in a Floradora road show, rode down Broadway in a hansom cab with her married lover, Frank Young, she stopped the cab to disclose that Young had been shot dead, tearfully insisting that he had shot himself although experts said he could not have done so.
In looking back over the volumes, it is possible to find errors of interpretation, some of which were not so evident at the time of writing.
First The Life Of John Bright appeared and seven years later Lord Grey Of The Reform Bill.
The volume is a piece of passionate special pleading, written with the heat -- and often with the wisdom, it must be said -- of a Liberal damning the shortsightedness of politicians from 1782 to 1832.
The plan is admirably fulfilled for the period up to 1832.
In 1924 Trevelyan traveled to the United States, where he delivered the Lowell lectures at Harvard University.
The strength of the History is also its weakness.
Like his volume on Wycliffe, the work was accompanied by the publication of a selected group of documents, in this case illustrative of the history of Queen Anne's reign down to 1707.
Once the scene is set, Trevelyan skilfully builds up the tense story until it reaches its climax in the dramatic victory of Marlborough and Eugene of Savoy at Blenheim.
Called out a dozen young voices.
Alarmed by this display of weapons, I looked toward the bridge and there saw, stretched across the near side, a cordon of policemen, their bicycles forming a roadblock before which stood several French officers in uniform and a small waspish man in a brown derby.
Now, let's go".
"Is this then the frontier"?
I mean"
"Mais non", the Interior Ministry man coaxed, "you may come back to Strasbourg, now, if you wish".
And "Bravo, Garry, continue"!
"I have a small sports shop in Strasbourg".
Her name was Esther Peter.
As the field on which my tent was pitched was a favorite natural playground for the kids of the neighborhood, I had made many friends among them, taking part in their after-school games and trying desperately to translate Grimm's Fairy Tales into an understandable French as we gathered around the fire in front of the tent.
A voice drifted in to me above the patter of the rain shortly after I had fallen into a fitful sleep.
He advised immediate hospitalization.
"What is your name"?
Such were the incongruities of the situation that the very police assigned to check up on me were drafted into driving me to the Strasbourg Hospital while World Citizen Jean Babel waved adieu from the "Line"!
The Fourteenth Regiment of Ohio Volunteers lost one-third of its numbers within a few minutes, among them being several men whose time of service had expired but who had volunteered to advance with their regiment.
About noon they came up with the enemy two miles from Lovejoy's Station and deployed.
By both standards Thomas had the right to be proud.
Official congratulations showered upon Sherman and his army.
In seventeen weeks the military front was driven southward more than 100 miles.
This system was dependent upon identical maps and Thomas supplied them from a mobile lithograph press.
Then, in some way, this lack of faith in the cavalry became mixed up in his mind with the dragging effect of wagon trains and was hardened into a prejudice.
Second, it could screen its own infantry from the sight of the enemy.
A proper cavalry command in his front would have developed the fact that he had run into one division of Polk's Army of the Mississippi moving up from the direction of Mobile to join Johnston at Dalton.
They kicked their horses through the deep water with their bare heels, drove the Rebels out of their rifle pits and captured four men.
When Thompson and her daughter began a correspondence which included fervent verses from Pantasaph, Mrs. King felt a proper Victorian alarm.
She regretted what she described as the "unwarrantable & unnecessary" check to their friendship and said that she felt that they understood one another perfectly.
A week in arrears, and without means to pay, I must go, it is the only right thing.
All chance of fulfilling my destiny is over.
It is strange;
In "My Song's Young Virgin Date", for example, Thompson wrote: "Yea, she that had my song's young virgin date Not now, alas, that noble singular she, I nobler hold, though marred from her once state, Than others in their best integrity.
There is every reason to recognize that in the very last years of his life, as we shall see, Thompson did take the drug in carefully rationed doses to ease the pains of his illness, but the exact date at which this began has never been determined.
It was, of course, in this drawing of the balance sheet of judgment that he most clearly displayed his desire to do full justice to an author.
There, along the east bank of the Southern Bug, opposite the hamlet of Zhitzhakli a few miles north of the Black Sea, he arrived at General Headquarters of the Russian Army.
Here the war would flame to its focus, and here Lewis Littlepage had come.
Representing the Emperor were the Prince De Ligne, still as impetuous as a youth of twenty;
On arrival at headquarters he had, however -- in King Stanislas'words to Glayre -- "found such favor with Pe Potemkin that he made him his aide-de-camp and up to now does not want him to go join Paul Jones.
At dinner the courses were carried in by tall cuirassiers in red capes and black fur caps topped with tufts of feathers, marching in pairs like guards from a stage tragedy.
His coat trimmed in sable, diamond stars of the Orders of Saints Andrew or George agleam, he was often prone to sit sulkily, eye downcast, in a Scheherazade trance.
But Suvorov's face was also a theater of vivacity, and his tough, stooping little frame was briskness embodied.
better to give an asinine answer than none at all.
He had come to learn that a reputation for peculiarity allowed mere field officers a certain leeway at Court;
He knew how to channel their exuberant disorderliness so as to transform them from mere plunderers into A-1 guerrilla fighters.
Mando, pleading her cause, must have said that Dr. Brown was the most distinguished physician in the United States of America, for our man poured out his symptoms and drew a madly waving line indicating the irregularity of his pulse.
One fellow who had liver spots held out his hands to the great healer.
My diplomacy was needless.
Uh huh, we think, looking at them, so that's the Parthenon.
The serene, majestic columns of the Parthenon, tawny in color against the pure deep blue sky, frame incredible vistas.
Furthermore I can identify each design.
By a combination of music, lighting effects, and narration, famous events that have transpired in these locations are evoked and re-created for large audiences usually to considerable acclaim.
They close sometime after eight.
The other is that the charge for cabanas and parasols, though modest from an American point of view, still is a little high for many Athenians.
Later they would be hoisted into place.
Greece was one of the highlights of our trip, but beginning in Greece and continuing around the world throughout Southeast Asia the treatment of animals was horrifying, ranging from callous indifference to active cruelty.
To exonerate the legislature and thereby extricate himself from a sticky situation, Pike took another course and made it appear that the legislature had been bilked.
Pike's honor would now come under attack, but not by Woodruff himself.
Woodruff said nothing, and Pike, frustrated, stormed throughout Little Rock in an unsuccessful search for "Vale", asking his friends to keep their ears open.
It took Pike a long time to realize what Woodruff had done, and it had a profound effect on him.
But because the governor was determined that friendship should not influence him one way or the other, he looked for a printer with a knowledge of the law (which Woodruff did not have), and awarded the contract to a lawyer named John Steele who had started a newspaper in Helena the year before.
From his first bout with the canny Woodruff, Pike had learned that it was better not to attack him directly, so, harping on the theme that the cost of printing was too high, he condemned the governor for permitting such a state of affairs to exist.
But in the confused atmosphere of frontier politics, alliances were as quickly broken as they were formed, and as Pike came to favor with the governor of the Territory, the governor fell out of favor with the President of the United States.
The internationally known sportsman and traveler Friedrich Gerstacker was typical of its detractors in the mid-thirties.
By 1834 the art of oratory had reached a very high level in the United States as a literary form.
On the other hand, Dr. Ezra Styles recorded the following testimony of John Angell, the last disciple of Gorton: "
He worked as a "clothier" in London, but was greatly concerned with religion.
He advised the poor woman not to appear in court as what she was charged with was not in violation of law.
While driving the cow back home the woman was assaulted by a servant maid of Gorton.
Some few and myself withstand his inhabitation and town privileges, without confession and reformation of his uncivil and inhuman practices at Portsmouth;
It was not within the jurisdiction of anybody or anything, including Providence and Massachusetts.
The next week, forty soldiers were sent to get the miscreants.
Promptly their livestock was taken and according to Gorton the soldiers were ordered to knock down anyone who should utter a word of insolence, and run through anyone who might step out of line.
At the trial which took place later, the Pomham matter was completely omitted.
Gorton answered in writing.
"Baby, I saw a lot of old friends I hadn't seen in a long time", he told me, his eyes bright.
"Dr. Glenn, I've got a lot of blood", Fred spoke up, "plenty of it.
"Fred, your blood matches your father's, all right", Dr. Glenn said.
It was well past midnight.
A few years before his death Papa had agreed with Mama to make a joint will with her in which it would be provided that in the event of the death of either of them an accounting would be made to their children whereby each child would receive a bequest of $5000 cash.
Tom had received four years of education at the University of North Carolina and two at Harvard, and Fred had been in and out of Georgia Tech and Carneigie Tech and part of the time had been a self-help student.
In those years of lower property valuations and lower tax rates, that payment represented ownership of much property.
He wanted to go back to Harvard for another year of playwriting.
In the spring, it must have been, he began working on the play that he called The House, which later would be Mannerhouse.
He was a big man, and he wanted nothing little, squeezed;
it was visiting University of North Carolina alumni in New York to ask them for contributions to the Graham Memorial Building fund.
Tom was not willing to revise the play according to the plan the man suggested.
Besides Church and Sunday School I went to out-of-door meetings on the sidewalk at the church door.
The basic difficulty, I suppose, was in my ultimate inability to feel a burden of sin from which I sought relief.
I became disgusted at being so preoccupied with the state of my own miserable soul.
It is most important that we recognize the law of love as being unbreakable in all personal relationships, whether individually, socially or as between whole nations of people.
With this conviction, the partition between the sacred and the secular disappears.
Says he, "I may never imagine that in the struggle between personal and supra-personal responsibility it is possible to make a compromise between the ethical and the purposive in the shape of a relative ethic;
Religion thus becomes integrated with life.
Above all read in Jens Bjerre's The Last Cannibal Show the old man of the Wailbri tribe (not cannibals) in central Australia gave to the white man his choicest possession, while the tears streamed down his face.
Let us now give some thought to the soul.
Gone are the days when, in the nineteenth century, scientists thought that they were close to the attainment of complete knowledge of the physical universe.
One such is Abraham Meyer, the writer of a recent book, Speaking Of Man.
Dr. Johnson and William Hazlitt of the eighteenth and early nineteenth centuries in England;
When he turns briefly to literary style, in the Third Book, he again looks to the effect on the audience.
And with this point about the passions, we encounter Plato's dualism.
While Plato finally allows a few acceptable hymns to the gods and famous men, still he clearly leaves the way open for further discussion of the issue.
In Aristotle's analysis of tragedy in the Poetics, we find an attempt to isolate the art, to consider only those things proper to it, to discover how it differs from other arts, and to deal with the effects peculiar to it.
For one thing, Aristotle mentions that plays may corrupt the audience.
Or in more Freudian terms, the experience may serve to sublimate our destructive urges and strengthen the ego and superego.
For this reason, then I want to describe, first, two examples of the puritanical attacks: Stephen Gosson's The School Of Abuse, 1579, and his later Playes Confuted, published in 1582.
He warns that a single glance can lead us into temptation, for "Looking eies have lyking hartes, and lyking hartes may burne in lust".
rather, the generality of these students find their university experience congenial to their own sense of values.
There is impressive consistency between specific occupational preferences and the student's basic conception of what is for him a good way of life.
Students develop occupational images -- not always accurate or detailed -- and they try to fit their values to the presumed characteristics of the imagined occupation.
They even accept the "double standard" of sex morality in a double sense, i.e., both sexes agree that standards for men differ from standards for women, and women apply to both sexes a standard different from that held by men.
In other words, as students go through college, those who are most successful academically tend to become more committed to a "Bill of Rights" orientation.
In a real sense they are admittedly conservative, but their conservatism incorporates a traditionalized embodiment of the original "radicalism" of 1776.
Students testify to a felt need for a religious faith or ultimate personal philosophy.
As we looked more intently at the content of our belief and the extent of religious participation, we received the impression that many of the religious convictions expressed represented a conventional acceptance, of low intensity.
Even on his tough constitution, the exposure and strenuous activity were beginning to tell in earnest.
Morgan was ordered to attack the enemy, who had meantime moved to Edge Hill on the left of the Americans.
After complimenting Morgan and the riflemen and saying he was praising them to Congress, too, the ardent Frenchman added he felt that Congress should make some financial restitution to the widow and family of Morris, but that he knew Morgan realized how long such action usually required, if it was done at all.
In late December, the American army moved from Whitemarsh to Valley Forge, and although the distance was only 13 miles, the journey took more than a week because of the bad weather, the barefooted and almost naked men.
"They straggle at such a rate", he told the commander-in-chief, "that if the enemy were enterprising, they might get two from us, when we would take one of them, which makes me wish General Howe would go on, lest any incident happen to us".
He was shown a warm welcome regardless, and spent the time in Winchester recuperating from his ailment, enjoying his family and arranging his private affairs which were, of course, run down.
Apparently no serious disorders resulted from the celebration, and within a few days, Morgan joined the force of Lafayette who now had command of some 2,000 men at Barren Hill, not far above Philadelphia on the Schuylkill.
But Morgan evidently reported matters of intelligence much more important to his commanding general.
On the other hand, he did not want to offend Edward either, and he found himself in a very difficult position.
This lofty disregard for others was not shared by such men as Pierre Flotte and his associates, that "brilliant group of mediocre men", as Powicke calls them, who provided the brains for the French embassy that came to Rome under the nominal leadership of the archbishop of Narbonne, the duke of Burgundy, and the count of St.-Pol.
The English, relying on a prejudiced arbiter and confronted with superior diplomatic skill, were also hampered in their negotiations by the events that were taking place at home.
But all the reports of this first embassy show that the two Savoyards were the heads of it, for they were the only ones who were empowered to swear for the king that he would abide by the pope's decision and who were allowed to appoint deputies in the event that one was unavoidably absent.
Behind him lay the Low Countries, where men were still completing the cathedrals that a later Florentine would describe as "a malediction of little tabernacles, one on top of the other, with so many pyramids and spires and leaves that it is a wonder they stand up at all, for they look as though they were made of paper instead of stone or marble";
Everything was all very friendly, except when it came to Harry, the youngest brother.
And when Alfred was forced into his bed, Tessie left the front porch of the store and sat at home, rocking in her rocker in the living room, staring out the window -- the rose still in her hair.
My father, a wise man, asked him not to.
Meltzer knew why I had come for him.
The car was waiting for him.
Speak to me".
Mr. Banks was always called Banks the Butcher until he left town and the shop passed over to Meltzer the Scholar who then became automatically Meltzer the Butcher.
They lived in the same house and it didn't seem to be such a hard thing to do, but the sad realities of Lilly's life and the fact that Meltzer didn't love her never satisfied my wishful thinking.
I was free but she was bound to her duties that not even the coming of Meltzer lightened.
Lilly preferred the loneliness of that walk.
We were almost the same age, she was fifteen, I was twelve, and where I felt there was a life to look forward to Lilly felt she had had as much of it as was necessary.
I felt very flattered to be included in the protection of their company even though I had nothing to be protected from.
It was therefore not until the publication of J.H. Round's "The Settlement Of The South And East Saxons", and W.H. Stevenson's "Dr. Guest And The English Conquest Of South Britain", that a scientific basis for place-name studies was established.
Early in the present century, W. H. Stevenson continued the attack with a savage article against Guest.
As Sir Charles Oman once said, "it is no longer fashionable to declare that we can say nothing certain about Old English origins".
Largely due to their efforts the catastrophic invasion-theory has maintained its position although Seebohm has always found supporters.
Those who do have occasion to deal with the invasions in a more general way, like T.W. Shore and Arthur Wade-Evans, are on the side of a gradual and often peaceful Germanic penetration into Britain.
Even earlier Haverfield had come to the same conclusion.
in other words its existence belongs to the period of Roman Britain.
This, naturally, will be difficult to do since both the archaeological and place-name evidence in this period, with some fortunate exceptions, is insufficient for precise chronological purposes.
Baker took the plan to Wilson who said: "Baker, this is plainly right on any ground.
Democratic Floor Leader Claude Kitchin would have no part of the measure.
A man in Mississippi wired: "Thanks for drawing 258 -- that's me".
in three months the Army spent three-quarters as much as had been expended on the "big Ditch" in ten years.
during the eight-week blitz attack 25,000 soldiers died from the disease and the death rate (formerly 5 per year per 1,000 men) increased almost fifty times to 4 per week per 1,000 men.
On the basis of the long chronicle of military history Funston and his brethren assumed that the issue was insoluble and that anyone interested in a mission like Fosdick's was an impractical idealist or a do-gooder.
Even so Fosdick, as the new Chairman of the Commission on Training Camp Activities, encountered strong and vociferous opposition.
Under Fosdick the first executive officer of the CTCA was Richard Byrd, whose name in later years was to become synonymous with activities at the polar antipodes.
It transcends the glaring fact that the Elizabethans mixed tragedy and comedy whereas the Greeks kept the two modes severely distinct.
I say the late seventeenth century because Racine (whom Lessing did not really know) stands on the far side of the chasm.
The reality of Orestes entails that of the Furies;
Oedipus and Lear instruct us how little of the world belongs to man.
The same metaphors of swift ascent and calamitous decline apply to Oedipus and Macbeth because they applied also to Alcibiades and Essex.
Heretofore an action had possessed the breadth of tragedy only if it involved high personages and if it occurred in the public view.
Available evidence regarding the natural world, the course of history, and the varieties of human action were translated into imaginative designs or mythologies.
They are the essential force behind the conventions of tragedy.
Rousseau's primitivism, the anti-Newtonian mythology of Blake, Coleridge's organic metaphysics, Victor Hugo's image of the poets as the Magi, and Shelley's "unacknowledged legislators" are related elements in the rear-guard action fought by the romantics against the new scientific rationalism.
Goethe believed that the Germanic spirit, with its grave strength but flagrant streaks of brutality and intolerance, should be tempered with the old sensuous wisdom and humanism of the Hellenic.
The necromantic change from the palace at Sparta to Faust's Gothic castle directs us to the aesthetic meaning of the myth -- the translation of antique drama into Shakespearean and romantic guise.
Edward Greville, born about 1565, had inherited Milcote on the execution of his father Lodowick for murder in 1589.
The corporation voted on September 27, 1598, that Quiney should ride to London about the suit to Sir John Fortescue, chancellor of the Exchequer, for discharging of the tax and subsidy.
In his second letter the old mercer advised his son "to bye some such warys as yow may selle presentlye with profet.
Baker wrote: "I tooke order with Sr. E. Grevile for the payment of Ceartaine monei beefore his going towardes London.
my mare at coming up 14 days;
He also sued them for taking toll of grain at their market.
she "labored & thought she shuld effecte" it but her husband said that "we shuld wynne it by the sworde".
Adams firmly contended that the historian must never underrate the impact of the geographical environment on history.
This is not to assume that his work was without merit, but the validity of his assumptions concerning the meaning of history must always be considered against this background of an unprofessional approach.
This is certainly an irrational dogmatism, in which the modern mind attempts to understand the spirit of the sixteenth century on twentieth-century terms.
It was history that must be in error, not the historian.
For Adams had made up his mind before all the facts were available.
What was perhaps more important than his concept of the nature of history and the historical method were those forces which shaped the direction of his thought.
and, since the historian should only be interested in strictly terrestrial activity, his research should eliminate the supernatural.
"The Germans in the fourth century were a very simple race, who comprehended little of natural laws, and who therefore referred phenomena they did not understand to supernatural intervention.
In The Law Of Civilization And Decay Brooks Adams traced this evolution, always pointing to the fact that although the forms became more rational, the substance remained unchanged.
Well he knew the sleepless nights, the howling sore-ridden dogs and the biting insects in the villages of the Kofanes and Huitotoes.
He was a captain, he said, in the army, and on the train to New York his purse and all his money had been stolen, and would I lend him twenty-five dollars to be given him at the General Delivery window?
I must have written to say how much I had enjoyed his fine book The Building Of Eternal Rome, and I found he had not regretted giving me the highest mark in his old course on the later Latin poets, although in my final examination I had ignored the questions and filled the bluebook with a comparison of Propertius and Coleridge.
and once when he came to see us in New York he walked away in a rainstorm, unwilling to hear of a taxi or even an umbrella, although he was at the time ninety years old.
Of Mark Antony De Wolfe Howe the philosopher Whitehead said the Earth's first visitors to Mars should be persons likely to make a good impression, and when he was asked, "Whom would you send"?
S.K. was visiting C.C.B. and, not waiting for breakfast, he was off to the University Club, where he spent hours writing obituaries of living Americans for The Manchester Guardian or The Glasgow Herald.
He was convinced that George Orwell's 1984 was nearly all wrong as it applied to England, which was "driving forward into uncharted waters", with the danger of a new tyranny ahead.
They would go to New York together, where parties would be piled on weariness and on misery.
For him to divorce God and wife simultaneously would be bad publicity.
When he came home from his office at the end of the afternoon, Breasted never knew what gathering he should expect to find, but there almost always was one.
Blackman was to be in New York by February 2, because they were sailing at 12:01 next morning.
Before his departure, a group of his friends, the Reverend Stidger among them, had given him a luncheon, and Stidger had seen advance sheets of Elmer Gantry.
Lewis's remarks about his marriage were suggestive enough to induce American reporters to invade the offices of Harcourt, Brace & Company for information, to pursue Mrs. Lewis to Cromwell Hall, and, after she had returned to New York, to ferret her out at the Stanhope on upper Fifth Avenue where she had taken an apartment.
It was a dinner party, Lewis had been drinking during the afternoon, and long before the party really got under way, he was quite drunk, with the result that the party broke up even before dinner was over.
Near Southampton, in a considerable establishment, lived Homer Vachell, a well-known pulp writer, and his brother, Horace -- both friends of Lewis's.
There were four from St. John's and four from Christ's, three from Pembroke, and two from each of the colleges, Jesus, Peterhouse, Queens', and Trinity, with Caius, Clare, King's, Magdalene, and Sidney supplying one each in the ordo senioritatis.
(John) Boutflower of Christ's was twelfth in the list, coming from Perse School under Mr. Lovering as pensioner 20 April 1625 under Mr. Alsop.
Milton's name being fourth is neither too high nor too low to be assigned to the arbitrary action of vice-chancellor, proctor, master, or other mighty hand.
He could produce carefully constructed orations, set and formal speeches, artfully and prayerfully made by writing and rewriting with all the aid his tutor and others could provide, and then delivered verbatim from memory.
Venn and others have dealt with sports and pastimes at Cambridge in Milton's day with not very specific results.
What manner of person does Milton appear to have been when as an undergraduate he resided at Christ's College?
the prolusion in which the autobiographic statement about the epithet occurs is such a mass of intentionally buried allusions that almost nothing in it can be accepted as true -- or discarded as false.
Perhaps his most important private activity was the combination of reading, discussion with a few -- if we can trust his writings to Diodati and the younger Gill, very few -- congenial companions.
In Arthur Clarke's Childhood's End (1953), though written after the present flood of dystopias began, we can see the bright vision of science fiction clearly defined.
And they have done this on a very large scale, with a veritable flood of novels and stories which are either dystopias or narratives of adventure with dystopian elements.
The novels and stories like Pohl's Drunkard's Walk (1960), with the focus on adventure and with the dystopian elements only a dim background -- in this case an uneasy, overpopulated world in which the mass of people do uninteresting routine jobs while a carefully selected, university-trained elite runs everything -- are in all likelihood as numerous as dystopias.
The novel, which is not merely dystopian but also brilliantly satiric, describes a future America where one-sixteenth of the population, the men who run advertising agencies and big corporations, control the rest of the people, the submerged fifteen-sixteenths who are the workers and consumers, with the government being no more than "a clearing house for pressures".
If man is actually the product of his environment and if science can discover the laws of human nature and the ways in which environment determines what people do, then someone -- a someone probably standing outside traditional systems of values -- can turn around and develop completely efficient means for controlling people.
Now the basic question to be asked in this situation is what motivates the manipulators, that is, what are their values?
"Looking young for your age" means "for your age" and it means no more.
We may say of some unfortunates that they were never young.
But at least the question has been raised.
Fundamental values, temperament and the way in which one approaches a conviction change less, of course, than specific opinions.
There are few things of which I am prouder than of that unblemished record.
And I suppose it did.
It concerns a small-town minister who staged an impressive object lesson by confining a lion and a lamb together in the same cage outside his church door.
Not really, it seems to me.
Should no murderer ever be executed"?
But as he remarks in his preface to The Walnut Trees, "a novel can hardly ever be rewritten", and "when this one appears in its final form, the form of the first part will no doubt be radically changed".
Nowhere before in Malraux's pages have we met such impassioned defenders of a "quality of man" which transcends the realm of politics and even the realm of action altogether -- both the action of Malraux's early anarchist-adventurers like Perken and Garine, and the self-sacrificing action of dedicated Communists like Kyo Gisors and Katow in Man's Fate.
The Walnut Trees Of Altenburg is composed in the form of a triptych, with the two small side panels framing and enclosing the main central episode of the novel.
The intuition about mankind conveyed in these opening pages is of crucial importance for understanding the remainder of the text;
Is this not Malraux himself alluding to his own earlier infatuation with the ideological?
As an Alsatian before the first World War he was of course of German nationality;
Despite Berger's report, Enver Pasha refuses to surrender his dream of a Turkish Blood Alliance;
Citing the experience of the Combined Chiefs of Staff in World War 2, Eden said that all would have been confusion and disarray without them.
It may well be that the unification of Europe will prove inadequate, that the survival of free society will require nothing less than the confederation of the entire Western world.
And of course the Soviet threat was responsible for NATO, the grand alliance of the Atlantic nations.
Now Britain has decided to seek admission to the European Economic Community and it seems certain that she will be joined by some of her partners in the loose Free Trade Area of the "Outer Seven".
The NATO Council is available as an executive agency, the Standing Group as a high military authority.
For centuries the North Atlantic nations dominated the world and as long as they did they could afford the luxury of fighting each other.
It is for these reasons that proposals for a "new world order", through radical overhaul of the United Nations or through some sort of world federation, are utterly fatuous.
New machinery of coordination should not be our primary objective in the foreseeable future -- though perhaps the "political general staff" of Western leaders proposed by Sir Anthony Eden would serve a useful purpose.
The recent experiments in the new poetry-and-jazz movement seen by some as part of the "San Francisco Renaissance" have been as popular as they are notorious.
In San Francisco he has worked with Brew Moore, Charlie Mingus, and other "swinging" musicians of secure reputation, thus placing himself within established jazz traditions, in addition to being a part of the San Francisco "School".
Patchen believes that the world is being destroyed by power-hungry and money-hungry people.
he has experimented instead with personal myth-making.
The private detective must rely, as the Youngest Son or Trickster Hero does in primitive myth, on his wits.
It was logical that he would come up with the figure of the modern jazz musician.
These new poems have only a few direct references to jazz and jazz musicians, but they show changes in Patchen's approach to his poetry, for he has tried to enter into and understand the emotional attitude of the jazz musician.
Many of these aspects will be seen as comparable to those of the ideal detective, but where the detective is active and militant, the jazz musician is passive, almost a victim of society.
I was born angry.
Yes, I went to the city, And there I did bitterly cry, Men out of touch with the earth, And with never a glance at the sky.
Let us see just how typical Krim is.
Men of Krim's age, aspirations, and level of sophistication were typically involved in politics before the war.
Krim's typicality consists only in his New Yorker's view that New York is the world;
" At other points in his narrative, Krim associates Jewishness with unappeasable literary ambition, with abstraction, with his personal turning aside from the good, the true, and the beautiful of fiction in the manner of James T. Farrell to the international, the false, and the inflated.
Saul Bellow and Bernard Malamud, through intellectual toughness, perception, through experience in fact, have obviously liberated themselves from any sentimental Krim self-indulgence they might have been tempted to.
Commentary was a mere suburb of Partisan Review, the arch-enemy.
Sociological jargon, Germano-Slavic approximations to English, third-rate but modish fiction, and outrages to common sense have often disfigured Partisan, and in lesser degree, the other magazines on the list.
The universities certainly were not doing it, nor were the popular magazines of the day.
Literary movements are the", creation of pimps who live off writers.
Those who have quality will outgrow "the experience;
Something was happening all right, slowly it is true, but you could feel it.
Now he was married to a beautiful girl, had a small son, and lived in an expensive apartment and worked for the movies.
He was going to do one or two more films for cash and then chuck it all, leave Rome and its intellectual cliques and money-fed life, go back to Calabria.
So there we were talking around and about it.
He said it was stupid butchery to order men to make a charge like that, no matter who gave the order and what for.
Object -- a village crossroads.
There is a bronze wreath on the wall.
There was a new Pope and the Vatican was making itself heard and felt these days.
He was a well-to-do, handsome, and sensitive young poet.
It was absurd and dramatic.
She had been picked up by the Russians, questioned in connection with some pamphlets, sentenced to life imprisonment for espionage.
My spoon stirring coffee, banging against the side of the cup, sounded as loud as a bell.
And to top it all I am often sentimental on purpose, trying to prove to myself that I am not afraid of sentiment.
Contact
They are written by specialists in numerous types of business enterprises, cover a wide range of subjects, and are directed to the needs and interests of the small firm.
processing methods;
Advice is given also on problems of plant location and plant space.
The Administration maintains a productive facilities inventory of small business industrial concerns that have voluntarily registered.
Dallas, Tex.;
and Seattle, Wash.
Many such loans have been made to establish small concerns or to aid in their growth, thereby contributing substantially to community development programs.
To qualify for either type of loan, an applicant must be a small business or approved small business "pool" and must meet certain credit requirements.
Business loans generally are repayable in regular installments -- usually monthly, including interest at the rate of 5-1/2 percent per annum on the unpaid balance -- and have a maximum maturity of 10 years;
Kansas City, Mo.;
Small Business Administration, What It Is, What It Does;
The Banks for Cooperatives were established to provide a permanent source of credit on a sound basis for farmers'cooperatives.
Available, on request, from U.S. Department of Agriculture, Washington 25, D.C., are: Cooperative Farm Credit Can Assist In Rural Development (Circular No. 44), and The Cooperative Farm Credit System (Circular No. 36-A).
If nothing is produced, there is no obligation to repay.
We can help in the planning process
designing the financial mechanisms of the economy in ways that will promote growth without inflation;
At the other end of the spectrum, where the more advanced countries can be relied upon to make well thought through decisions as to project priorities within a consistent program, we should be prepared to depart substantially from detailed project approval as the basis for granting assistance and to move toward long-term support, in cooperation with other developed countries, of the essential foreign exchange requirements of the country's development program.
U.S. aid, therefore, should increasingly be designed to provide incentives for countries to take the steps that only they themselves can take.
This includes not only development programing, but also establishing tax policies designed to raise equitably resources for investment;
In many societies, what we regard as corruption, favoritism, and personal influence are so accepted as consistent with the mores of officialdom and so integral a part of routine administrative practice that any attempt to force their elimination will be regarded by the local leadership as not only unwarranted but unfriendly.
Governments are rarely monolithic.
To have any success in this effort, we must ourselves view it as an enterprise stretching over a considerable number of years, and we must encourage the recipients of our aid to view it in the same fashion.
In still others which are barely on the threshold of the transition into modernity, the decade can bring significant progress in launching the slow process of developing their human resources and their basic services to the point where an expanded range of developmental activities is possible.
Dams, river development schemes, transportation networks, educational systems require years to construct.
They must be induced to establish the necessary tax, fiscal, monetary, and regulatory policies.
If they feel that we are taking a long-term view of their problems and are prepared to enter into reasonably long-term association with them in their development activities, they will be much more likely to undertake the difficult tasks required.
and also that they may have 5 legislative days in which to extend their remarks.
To honor him is to honor ourselves.
He will ever be my example as a true statesman;
But the task is beyond me because I hold it impossible to compress in a sentence or two the complicated and prodigious contributions Sam Rayburn has made as an individual, as a legislator, as a statesman and as a leader and conciliator, to the majestic progress of this Nation.
More than that, Sam Rayburn is the very living symbol of an iron-clad integrity so powerful in his nature and so constantly demonstrated that he can count some of his best friends in the opposition.
Mr. Price.
He is the recognized "father" of the Rural Electrification Administration and the Security and Exchange Commission.
Although Sam Rayburn affects a gruff exterior in many instances, nevertheless he is fundamentally a man of warm heart and gentle disposition.
The motor pool has made exceptional progress in automotive management including establishment of cost billing systems, records keeping, analyses of vehicle use, and effecting economies in vehicle operation.
(2)
(7)
Mileage allowances.
Fixed monthly allowances are a controversial subject.
It is difficult to pinpoint the time of origin of the state purchasing automobiles for use of employees in Rhode Island.
Table 1 immediately below shows the rate of growth of vehicles and employees.
This responsibility included all phases of management.
Under this new management considerable progress appears to have been made.
for example, if one driver puts on 22,000 miles per year and another driver 8,000 miles per year, their cars will be switched so that both cars will have 30,000 miles after two years, rather than 44,000 miles (and related higher maintenance costs) and 16,000 miles respectively".
Table 2 shows operating cost data of state vehicles selected at random.
Until 1958 the state was also entitled to a special type of manufacturers'discount through the dealers.
For many years a state tax on cities and towns was paid by the several municipalities to the state from the proceeds of the general property tax.
Problems of taxing personal property.
This would seem to fix the tax situs of all movable personal property at its location on December 31.
This problem of fair and equitable assessment of value is a difficult one to solve in that the determination of fair valuation is dependent on local assessors, who in general are non-professional and part-time personnel taking an individualistic approach to the problem.
To determine the practice and attitude of municipal governments concerning tangible movable property, a questionnaire was sent to all local government assessors or boards of assessors in Rhode Island.
It would seem, then, that movable property and equipment is not taxed as a whole but that certain types are taxed in towns where this is bound to be expedient for that particular kind of personal property.
Eighteen voted for assessment by the town in which it is located and eleven preferred assessment by the town in which the owner resides.
It has been obvious to the assessors, particularly those in shore communities, that boats comprise the largest category of tangible personal property which they have been unable to reach.
The assessors'association, meeting at Narragansett in September 1960, devoted its session to a discussion of the boat problem.
They are conscious of this state's new feeling of optimism and assurance and are definitely impressed by the number of new plants and construction projects in Rhode Island.
information concerning patents, copyrights and trade marks, availability of technical reports, and other subjects of interest to small business.
Newspaper advertising was mainly concentrated in the New York Times and the Wall Street Journal (Eastern and Midwestern editions) which averaged two prominent ads per month, and to a lesser degree the New York Herald Tribune and, for the west coast, the Los Angeles Times and the Wall Street Journal (Pacific Coast edition).
Industrial promotion
Approximately 100 representatives of business attended this conclave and the R. I. Export Conference Committee later voted to continue the activity as an annual event.
Other special mailings by the Industrial Division included copies of speeches delivered at the Governor's Conference, letters and brochures to conferees at Med-Chemical Symposium at University of Rhode Island and letters and reprints of industrial advertisements to such organizations as Society of Industrial Realtors.
(1)
between the cities and towns of the state;
Long-range state planning
With the aid of matching federal funds available under Section 701 of the Housing Act of 1954 as amended, the planning division began a one year program July 1, 1960 to complete the inventory phase of the state planning program.
However, a word should be mentioned in regard to them as independent units of government.
Forty-six states, including Rhode Island, end their fiscal year on June 30.
One state, Alabama, closes its fiscal year on September 30, and all cities in the state, with one exception, also close fiscal years on September 30.
An excellent summary of advantages concerning the uniform fiscal year and coordinated fiscal calendars was contained in a paper presented by a public finance authority recently.
The uniform fiscal year brings the town's fiscal year into line with that of the schools, which expend the largest share of local disbursements.
Of all advantages, probably none is more important than the elimination of tax anticipation notes.
It has been said that when local government revenues were mostly produced locally from the property tax, the lack of a uniform fiscal year was no great handicap;
It usually means a confused and disgruntled tax-paying public for a period of time.
Two features are immediately evident.
However, it must be stressed that much depends upon the financial condition of the individual cities and towns involved.
Six cities and towns are now on a July 1 to June 30 fiscal year and will need only to adjust their tax collection year calendar to establish uniformity.
Their tax collection calendar could then be: July 25, October 26, January 26, and April 25, (Providence);
In many communities there is simply no financial problem;
For those communities which have financial difficulties in effecting adjustments, there are a number of alternatives any one of which alone, or in combination with others, would minimize if not even eliminate the problem.
Armed Forces Day Proclamation by John A. Notte, Jr., Governor
In testimony whereof, I have hereunto set my hand and caused the seal of the State to be affixed this 17th day of May, in the year of Our Lord, one thousand nine hundred and sixty-one, and of Independence, the one hundred and eighty-sixth.
In testimony whereof, I have hereunto set my hand and caused the seal of the State to be affixed this 20th day of April, in the year of Our Lord, one thousand nine hundred and sixty-one, and of Independence, the one hundred and eighty-fifth.
and now, therefore, do I, John A. Notte, Jr., Governor of the State of Rhode Island and Providence Plantations, proclaim the week of June 11th to 17th, 1961, as Miss Rhode Island Pageant Week, with deep appreciation to the Jaycees, local and statewide, for the presentation of their beautiful Pageants and the encouragement of all Rhode Island girls to participate.
In testimony whereof, I have hereunto set my hand and caused the seal of the State to be affixed this 5th day of July, in the year of Our Lord, one thousand nine hundred and sixty-one, and of Independence, the one hundred and eighty-sixth.
The State Ballet of Rhode Island, the first incorporated group, was formed for the purpose of extending knowledge of the art of ballet in the Community, to promote interest in ballet performances, to contribute to the cultural life of the State, and to provide opportunity for gifted dance students who, for one reason or another, are unable to pursue a career and to develop others for the professional state;
They simply turned to God filled with gratitude and faith.
John A. Notte Jr.,
(C)
enter into contracts with educational institutions, scientific organizations, and industrial and engineering firms;
assemble and maintain pertinent and current scientific literature, both domestic and foreign, and issue bibliographical data with respect thereto;
(A)
(B)
Sec. 2.
the relative effectiveness of voluntary versus mandatory reporting of accident statistics;
the scope and adequacy of State mine-safety laws applicable to such mines and the enforcement of such laws.
The Secretary of the Interior shall submit a report of his findings, together with recommendations for an effective safety program for metal and nonmetallic mines (excluding coal and lignite mines) based upon such findings, to the Congress not more than two years after the date of enactment of this Act.
Such payments shall be made to small domestic producers of zinc as long as the market price for prime western zinc at East Saint Louis, Illinois, as determined by the Secretary, is below 14-1/2 cents per pound, and such payments shall be 55 per centum of the difference between 14-1/2 cents per pound and the average market price for the month in which the sale occurred as determined by the Secretary.
The education function of the Institute is carried on by the staff in the departments of pathology and its consultants.
study of motor end plates in man and animals;
Other scientific agencies, both Federal and civilian, supported studies in quantitative electron microscopical approach to microchemistry and microcytochemistry;
During this period, a total of 762 exhibits were presented at 442 medical and scientific meetings.
Bandaging And Splinting;
6.
There were 54,320 copies of fascicles sold and 642 copies distributed free during this period.
Of the 885 specimens newly mounted or refurbished, 254 were prepared for other agencies.
During the period from 1 July 1960 through 31 January 1961, the Medical Museum was required to move to Temporary Building "S" on the Mall from Chase Hall.
Each Journal contained articles of professional and clinical interest, and departments devoted to military medical news, reviews of new books, and other features of interest to officers of the medical services.
The Institute also planned to furnish a regular series of articles, beginning in the fall of 1960, on its more significant Scientific Exhibits.
The method of calibration employs a fixed resistance element as a calorimeter.
The shutter aperture may be made larger or smaller by changing the foil area and adjusting the electrical energy input to the foil.
To secure precise measurements of these frequencies, a research program in free radical microwave spectroscopy has been started.
The Bureau is pursuing an active program to provide a temperature scale and thermometer calibration services in the range 1.5 to 20 Af.
Preliminary calibrations of the resistors have been made from 4.21 to 2.16 Af at every 0.1 Af.
This has been attributed to helium film flow in the vapor pressure thermometer.
A 6-year study of the transport properties of air at elevated temperatures has been completed.
Temperature symposium.
Laboratory astrophysics.
These data are not of the precision obtainable by the methods previously mentioned, but the vast number of approximate values available will be useful in many areas.
Any agreement to the contrary shall be unlawful and void.
The action of the Commission in allowing or denying any claim under this title shall be final and conclusive on all questions of law and fact and not subject to review by the Secretary of State or any other official, department, agency, or establishment of the United States or by any court by mandamus or otherwise.
Provided, That nothing in this provision shall be construed to limit the life of the Commission, or its authority to act on future agreements which may be effected under the provisions of this legislation.
if such person is deceased or is under a legal disability, payment shall be made to his legal representative: Provided, That if the total award is not over $500 and there is no qualified executor or administrator, payment may be made to the person or persons found by the Comptroller General of the United States to be entitled thereto, without the necessity of compliance with the requirements of law with respect to the administration of estates;
Whenever the Secretary of the Treasury, or the Comptroller General of the United States, as the case may be, shall find that any person is entitled to any such payment, after such payment shall have been received by such person, it shall be an absolute bar to recovery by any other person against the United States, its officers, agents, or employees with respect to such payment.
All payments authorized under Section 7 of this Title shall be disbursed from the proper fund, as the case may be, and all amounts covered into the Treasury to the credit of the aforesaid funds are hereby permanently appropriated for the making of the payments authorized by Section 7 of this Title.
to make payments of $1,000 on the principal of each award of more than $1,000 in principal amount, certified pursuant to Section 5 of this Title;
Such certification shall be final and conclusive and shall not be subject to review by any other official or department, agency, or establishment of the United States.
Though the number of people flowing in and out of our metropolitan areas each day has increased tremendously since World War 2, total annual rail commutation dropped 124 million for 1947 to 1957.
The New York Central today handles 60 percent of all southbound commuter traffic coming into New York City.
Then, abandoning the studies in the face of their promising outlook for all concerned, B. & O. entered on-again-off-again negotiations with C. & O. which resulted in the present situation.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to pay tribute to a great newspaper, the New York Times, on the occasion of a major change in its top executive command.
Mr. Stratton.
But the Latin American republics who have been rather inclined to drag their feet on taking action against Castro also reacted swiftly last week by finally throwing Cuba off the Inter-American Defense Board.
A naval blockade would be thoroughly in line with the Monroe Doctrine, would be a relatively simple operation to carry out, and would bring an abrupt end to Soviet penetration of our hemisphere".
Its aim: To undermine further Cuba's economy.
Military experts say a tight naval blockade off Cuban ports and at the approaches to Cuban waters would require two naval task forces, each built around an aircraft carrier with a complement of about 100 planes and several destroyers.
Once these conditions of international law are met, countries that try to run the blockade do so at their own risk.
At times, three ships a day from the Soviet bloc are unloading in Cuban ports.
Under the law as it existed until 1943, the Federal Government made grants to the States on the basis of population, matching State expenditures on a 50-50 basis.
description of formula.
The following steps are employed in calculations: 1.
(Multiply the result obtained in item 3 above by the result obtained for each State in item 1 above.
Square each State's allotment percentage.
) 10.
Determine if the particular State's unadjusted allotment (result obtained in item 11 above) is less than its minimum (base) allotment, and if so raise its unadjusted allotment to its minimum allotment.
As is the case with the allotment provisions for support of vocational rehabilitation services, the matching requirements are also based on a statutory formula.
The method used for computing the respective Federal and State shares in total program costs is specifically set forth in the Act.
Determine the ratio of 40% to the average per capita income of the United States.
In all other States it is the difference obtained by subtracting from 100 the result obtained in item 4 above;
These boards are nailed to the roof beams by reaching up through the open space between the beams, from inside the shelter.
These blocks are sold in various sizes so it seldom is necessary to cut a block to fit.
) Most people would have to hire a contractor to build this shelter.
Contractors'charges would be additional.
An alternate hatchway entrance, shown on page 25, would reduce the cost of materials $50 to $100.
It would add about $500 to the total cost of the home.
The entrance must have at least one right-angle turn.
Radio reception is cut down by the shielding necessary to keep out radiation.
-- If there are outside windows in the basement corner where you build a shelter, they should be shielded as shown in the Appendix, page 29.
But the radiation may be so intense at the start that one percent may be extremely dangerous.
How long you may stay outside.
A record should be kept of the information and instructions, including the time and date of broadcast.
A covered container such as a kitchen garbage pail might do as a toilet.
Some families already have held weekend rehearsals in their home shelters to learn the problems and to determine for themselves what supplies they would need.
5.
Lines of communications were established between the two companies and several Du Pont products were actively promoted.
However, it determined that neither this factor, nor "the fact that all concerned in high executive posts in both companies acted honorably and fairly, each in the honest conviction that his actions were in the best interests of his own company and without any design to overreach anyone, including Du Pont's competitors", outweighed the Government's claim for relief.
The section is violated whether or not actual restraints or monopolies, or the substantial lessening of competition, have occurred or are intended.
The conclusion upon this record is inescapable that such likelihood was proved as to this acquisition.
This Court's judgment was filed in the District Court on July 18, 1957.
The Government submitted its proposed decree on October 25, 1957.
The annual dividends paid to Du Pont stockholders in shares of General Motors stock would be taxable as ordinary income to the extent of Du Pont's earnings and profits.
It argued, inter alia, that a divestiture order would severely depress the market value of the stock of both General Motors and Du Pont, with consequent serious loss and hardship to hundreds of thousands of innocent investors, among them thousands of small trusts and charitable institutions;
By making inroads in the name of law enforcement into the protection which Congress has afforded to the marriage relationship, the Court today continues in the path charted by the recent decision in Wyatt v. United States, 362 U.S. 525, where the Court held that, under the circumstances of that case, a wife could be compelled to testify against her husband over her objection.
petitioner was not denied due process;
Petitioner was not entitled, either in the administrative hearing at the Department of Justice or at his trial, to inspect the original report of the Federal Bureau of Investigation, since he was furnished a resume of it, did not challenge its accuracy, and showed no particular need for the original report.
Petitioner was found guilty and sentenced to 15 months'imprisonment.
On November 22, 1952, he wrote the Board, protesting this classification.
In his report to the Attorney General, the hearing officer suggested that the petitioner be exempt only from combatant training and service.
But the statement of the local board attributing this claim to petitioner was in his file.
We fail to see how such procedure resulted in any prejudice to petitioner's contention, which was considered by the appeal board and denied by it.
Gonzales v. United States, supra.
It appears to us that the same reasoning applies to the production of the hearing officer's report and notes at the trial.
There we held "that the statutory scheme for review, within the selective service system, entitles [conscientious objectors] to no guarantee that the FBI reports must be produced for their inspection".
It is the concern of the Department of State that the American people are safe and secure -- defense is not a monopoly concern of the Department of Defense.
Action taken today is often far more valuable than action taken several months later in response to a situation then out of control.
To cite only a few examples: The wrong man in the wrong position, perhaps even in a junior position abroad, can be a source of great harm to our policy;
The problems of a policy officer
Meanwhile he has been thinking about the facts surrounding the problem, facts which he knows can never be complete, and the general background, much of which has already been lost to history.
He must deal with the question of how to manage a part when it cannot be handled without relation to the whole -- when the whole is too large to grasp.
Should the action be unilateral or multilateral?
In the first place our business is foreign policy, and it is the business of the Presidential leadership and his appointees in the Department to consider the domestic political aspects of a problem.
The Peace Corps should not pay the expenses of a wife or family, unless the wife is also accepted for full-time Peace Corps work on the same project.
Some special health requirements might have to be met.
Pending the reorganization of our foreign aid structure and program, the Peace Corps should be established as an agency in the Department of State.
Within a year or two several thousand might be in service.
Although the need for outside trained manpower exists in every newly developing nation, the readiness to receive such manpower, or to receive it from the United States will vary from country to country.
The Peace Corps offers an opportunity to bring home to the United States the problems of the world as well as an opportunity to meet urgent host country needs for trained manpower.
Steps should also be taken to link the Food for Peace Program with the Peace Corps, so that foreign currencies accumulated by the sale of U.S. surplus food under P.L. 480 can be put to use to pay some of the host country expenses of Peace Corps personnel.
With thousands of young Americans going to work in developing areas, millions of Americans will become more directly involved in the world than ever before.
In addition, by starting the Peace Corps now we will be able to begin training young men and women for overseas duty this summer with the objective of placing them in overseas positions by late fall.
There is little doubt that the number of those who wish to serve will be far greater than our capacity to absorb them.
3.
If it were not for the effect of destructive agencies, sawtimber growth would have been nearly twice as great as the 47 billion board feet in 1952.
Intensification of present activities through (A) quicker, more extensive, and more thorough surveys to detect incipient outbreaks;
Coordination of pest control objectives with timber management activities to reduce losses.
Adoption and use of new and modern techniques being developed for prevention, for suppression of fires while small, and for stopping large fires while running and burning intensely.
The transportation system which serves the National Forests is a complex of highways and access roads and trails under various ownerships and jurisdictions.
It is estimated that about 542,250 miles of forest development roads, and 80,000 miles of trails, constitute the system that will eventually be needed to obtain the maximum practicable yield and use of the wood, water, forage, and wildlife and recreation resources of the National Forests on a continuing basis.
the level of salvage cutting in dead and dying timber stands and the opportunity to promptly salvage losses resulting from fire, windstorm, insects, and disease;
About 80 percent of these long-range requirements should be met by the year 2000.
In many others, the previous patenting of land under the public land laws, or the way in which land was available for purchase, resulted in a scattered pattern of ownership.
Our military forces must be capable of contending successfully with any contingency which may be forced upon us, from limited emergencies to all-out nuclear general war.
I have requested the Secretary of Defense to reexamine the roles and missions of the reserve components in relation to those of the active forces and in the light of the changing requirements of modern warfare.
These increased costs are partially offset by a decrease of $56 million in expenditures for the reserve forces, largely because of the planned reduction in strength of the Army Reserve components during 1961.
Other factors increasing operating costs include the higher unit cost of each flying hour, up 11% in two years, and of each steaming hour, up 15%.
-- Approximately 45% of the expenditures for the Department of Defense are for procurement, research, development, and construction programs.
The task of providing a reasonable level of military strength, without endangering other vital aspects of our security, is greatly complicated by the swift pace of scientific progress.
Meanwhile, other air defense forces are being made effective, as described later in this message.
-- The deterrent power of our Armed Forces comes from both their nuclear retaliatory capability and their capability to conduct other essential operations in any form of war.
However, I am recommending that development work on the B-70 air-frame and engines be continued.
The United States recognizes the desire of India to accumulate, as quickly as possible, a substantial part of the one million ton reserve stock of rice provided for in this Agreement to assist in stabilizing the internal markets for this commodity in India.
(B)
Article 4, general undertakings
The two Governments will, upon the request of either of them, consult regarding any matter relating to the application of this Agreement or to the operation of arrangements carried out pursuant to this Agreement.
With respect to Article 2, Paragraph 1 (A) of the Agreement: (1)
Loans will be mutually agreeable to the Export-Import Bank of Washington and the Government of India acting through the Department of Economic Affairs of the Ministry of Finance.
When the Export-Import Bank approves or declines the proposed loan, it will notify the Department of Economic Affairs.
The Government of India further agrees in cooperation with the Government of the United States, to coordinate the use of grant and loan funds provided for in paragraphs 1 (B) and 1 (C) of Article 2, with such direct dollar assistance as may be made available by the Government of the United States of America, so that both sources of financing may be channeled to specific and clearly identifiable economic development programs and projects.
The Government of India shall enable the authorized representatives of the United States to observe and review agreed projects and the utilization of goods and services financed under the projects, and shall furnish to the United States all such information as it shall reasonably request concerning the above-mentioned matters and the expenditures related thereto.
By this standard, it is determined that where two stations operating on the same frequency are involved, objectionable interference from station A exists at any point within the service area of station B where station A's signal is of an intensity one-twentieth or more of the strength of station B's signal at that point.
It was recognized years ago that the transition from daytime to nighttime propagation conditions, and vice versa, is not an instantaneous process, but takes place over periods of time from roughly 2 hours before sunset until about 2 hours after sunset, and again from roughly 2 hours before sunrise until some 2 hours after sunrise.
It was recognized that skywave signals, because of their reflected nature, are of great variability and subject to wide fluctuations in strength.
(3)
Since the provision of skywave service requires adequate freedom from interference, only class 1, stations are capable of rendering skywave service.
In the daytime, on the other hand, since skywave transmission is relatively inefficient, it is possible to assign a substantially larger number of stations on these channels.
In 1947, affidavits were filed with the Commission by various clear-channel stations alleging that extensive interference was being caused to the service areas of these stations during daylight hours, from class 2, stations whose signals were being reflected from the ionosphere so as to create skywave intereference.
Since April 15, 1962, is on Sunday your return for the calendar year 1961 will be timely filed if it is filed on or before Monday, April 16, 1962.
However, if their United States income is not subject to the withholding of tax on wages, their returns are due June 15, 1962, if they use a calendar year, or the 15th day of the 6th month after the close of their fiscal year.
Extensions of time for filing.
Citizens of the United States who, on April 15, are not in the United States or Puerto Rico, are allowed an extension of time until June 15 for filing the return for the preceding calendar year.
If your computation on Form 1040 or Form 1040A shows you owe additional tax, it should be remitted with your return unless you owe less than $1, in which case it is forgiven.
An overpayment of income and social security taxes entitles you to a refund unless you indicate on the return that the overpayment should be applied to your succeeding year's estimated tax.
The deductions allowed in determining Adjusted Gross Income put all taxpayers on a comparable basis.
(See Chapter 15.
)
You also deduct 50% of the excess of net long-term capital gains over net short-term capital losses in determining Adjusted Gross Income.
A minor is subject to tax on his own earnings even though his parent may, under local law, have the right to them and might actually have received the money.
Since you contributed more than half of his support, you may also claim an exemption for him on your return.
and they are dashed, no less, by lack of skill in making selections of men and women for development toward the highest reaches of the mind and spirit.
Two committees of members of the Advisory Board constitute the committees of selection -- one for the selection of Fellows from Canada, the United States, and the English-speaking Caribbean area and one for the selection of Fellows from the Latin American republics and the Republic of the Philippines.
During the biennium reviewed in this Report, our Board of Trustees named able men, younger than the rest of us, to the Board and to top management to insure future continuance of the first-class administration of the Foundation's affairs:
Mr. Smith, like the present Secretary General, is a lawyer;
Jefferson writing the Declaration of Independence amid the catastrophes of revolution;
For example, out of the social evils of the English industrial revolution came the novels of Charles Dickens;
Some would say that they were not permitted to run their businesses only for profit;
And lest anybody think that considerations such as these are not germane in a foundation report, let me enlighten them with the truths that, under Communism there would have been no capital with which to endow the Foundation, and that there would not be that individual freedom within which the Fellows might proceed, untrammeled in every way, toward their discoveries, their creative efforts for the good of mankind.
With its history standing astride all but the very beginnings of the industrial revolution, Brown & Sharpe has become over the years a singular monument to the mechanical foresight of its founder, Joseph R. Brown, and a world-renowned synonym for precision and progress in metalworking technology.
He became particularly interested in graduating and precision measurement during the 1840's, and his thinking along these lines developed considerably during this period.
Several efforts were made in this direction, and though not all of them survive to this day, the Brown & Sharpe wire gage system was eventually adopted as the American standard and is still in common use today.
In 1861, Mr. Brown's attention was called to yet another basic production problem -- the manufacture of twist drills.
The micrometer caliper, as a common workshop tool, also owes much to J. R. Brown.
In 1868, however, a truce was called between the companies, and the partnership of Darling, Brown & Sharpe was formed.
During these years the company's product line followed the basic tenets laid down by Mr. Brown.
Net income was $2,557,111, or $3.11 per share on 821,220 common shares currently outstanding, as compared to $2,323,867 or $2.82 per share in 1959, adjusted to the same number of shares.
Research and development
These machines produce the higher quality stretch yarns required in weaving stretch and textured fabrics.
Uniconer
A new application for the Unifil loom winder, running single filling for box looms, will broaden mill use of this equipment.
Patterson Moos research
A project for the Air Force has been completed in which the NAIR infrared detecting device was developed for area monitoring of noxious or dangerous gases.
The building will contain 430,000 square feet, approximately the same as our present plant.
Financial developments
Thus we enter 1961 in a strong financial position.
As in many other industries, rising costs and intense competition, both domestic and foreign, have exerted increasing pressure on earnings of the textile industry in recent years.
Musical activities
Religious activities
A Sunday evening program provides theological lectures, music, drama, and films related to the issues of the Judeo-Christian tradition.
Student religious organizations are co-ordinated under the Religious Activities Committee, a standing committee of the Carleton Student Association.
These extra-curricular activities are conducted under supervision of the Director of the Student Workshop.
It concerns itself with: 1.
A student to be eligible for the captaincy of any Carleton team must have a scholastic record of at least 1.00.
The purpose of the organization is to further the interest of women students in recreational activities as a means of promoting physical efficiency, sportsmanship, and "play for play's sake".
With the co-operation of the Department of Physical Education for Men, the Women's Recreation Association arranges mixed tournaments in tennis and golf in the fall and spring.
In co-operation with the Alumni Association of Carleton College, an alumni magazine, The Voice Of The Carleton Alumni, is edited and mailed seven times a year by the College's Publications Office and the Alumni Office.
The editor, sports editor, and student business manager are chosen in December, the new staff assuming responsibility for the paper at the beginning of the second semester.
A low-power, "carrier-current" broadcasting station, KARL, heard only in the campus dormitories, is owned and operated by the students to provide an outlet for student dramatic, musical, literary, technical, and other talents, and to furnish information, music, and entertainment for campus listeners.
This caution has been particularly noticeable in a tendency of retailers and distributors to shift the inventory burden back on the supplier, and the fact stocks at retail are low in many lines has escaped attention because of the presence of higher stocks at the manufacturing level.
however, production came to only 5.6 million compared to 6.2 million.
Military electronics to grow
The stepped-up defense procurement called for in the 1961 Budget has already begun to make itself felt in an upturn in orders for military electronic equipment and the components that go into it, and it has been suggested that an additional $2 billion increase in total defense spending may be requested for fiscal 1962.
In addition to the three major original equipment segments of the electronics business, the steady growth in the market for replacement parts continues year by year.
on prospects for continued increases in defense spending;
Mr. Devey is a member of the Institute of Radio Engineers, and is chairman of the Electronic Industries Association Committee on Printed and Modular Components.
Between meetings he helps the president keep track of delegated matters.
Letting the administration take details off their hands would give them more time to inform themselves about education as a whole, an area that would benefit by more faculty attention.
A busy president, conversant with a problem and its ramifications and beset by pressures to meet deadlines, tends naturally to assume that others must be as familiar with a problem as he is.
Faculty members depend on their department chairmen to promote their interests with the administration.
To provide an independent judgment for the president, the academic dean also investigates candidates thoroughly.
He should personally consider the potential of a faculty member proposed for tenure, to guard against the mistake of making this profoundly serious commitment turn solely upon the man's former achievements.
For the president, a master plan looking ahead five years (the maximum reach for sound forecasting), offers several practical advantages.
Some departments will attack their new goals enthusiastically;
When the budget goes to trustees for approval it is the president's budget, to which his faith and credit are committed;
In the areas that do not relate directly to the educational program, expert subordinates will serve the college or university better than close presidential attention.
Introduction
Mars has been observed twice at about 3-cm wave length, and the intensity of the observed radiation is in reasonable agreement with the thermal radiation which might be predicted on the basis of the known temperature of Mars.
The infrared emission could then be assumed to originate at the surface of the moon, while the radio emission originates at some depth beneath the surface, where the temperature variation due to solar radiation is reduced in amplitude and shifted in phase.
Measurements of polarization are presently limited by apparatus sensitivity and will remain difficult because of the low intensity of the planetary radiation at the earth.
The quiescent level of centimeter wave-length solar radiation would increase the average disk brightness temperature by less than 1-degree.
In the observations at 4.3 mm (Coates, 1959), the diameter of the antenna beam, 6'.7, was small enough to allow resolution of some of the larger features of the lunar surface, and contour diagrams have been made of the lunar brightness distribution at three lunar phases.
The antenna patterns and the power gain at the peak of the beam were both measured (Mayer, McCullough, and Sloanaker, 1958), so that the absolute power sensitivity of the antenna beam over the solid angle of the moon was known.
Abstract
The cooling requirements are particularly severe at the anode.
The heat transfer to the anode in free burning arcs is enhanced by a hot gas jet flowing from the cathode towards the anode with velocities up Af.
2.
Sintered porous metals should be usable in principle.
Inflow of air from the surrounding atmosphere was prevented by the two disks shown in figure 2.
Two pyrometers shown in figure 1 and 2 (Pyrometer Instrument Co. Model 95) served for simultaneous measurement of the anode surface temperature and the temperature distribution along the anode holder.
The current was regulated by means of a variable resistor and measured with a 50 mV shunt and millivoltmeter.
The argon flow through the porous anode was varied systematically between Af and Af.
The mean temperature of this region was approximated by the temperature measured halfways between the edge of the hot spot and the rim of the plug.
Thus, the dotted line shown in figure 4 was taken as typical for the temperature distribution for all blowing rates.
The radiation loss from the anode surface was computed according to Af where Af is the mean of the fourth powers of the temperatures Af and Af calculated analogously to equation (1).
This gives a rate of shear of Af.
The actual pressure was not determined because the pressure was beyond the upper limit of the apparatus on hand.
The elasticity is a parameter of fluids which is not subject to simple measurement at present, and it is a parameter which is probably varying in an unknown manner with many commercial materials.
This gives Af, which is the pressure.
Essentially these birefringence studies show that at low rates of shear a tension is present at 45-degrees to the direction of shear, and as the rate of shear increases, the direction of the maximum tension moves asymptotically toward the direction of shear.
) This is, of course, a similar type of behavior to that indicated by birefringence studies.
However, there are photographs of suspended drops of cyclohexanol phthalate (viscosity 155 poises) suspended in corn syrup of 71 poises in a paper by Mason and Bartok.
There is a well-known relationship between probability and entropy which states that Af, where **zq is the probability that state (i.e., volume for an ideal gas) could be reached by chance alone.
The theory predicts a linear dependence of Af on Af, where J is the experimentally determined Curie-Weiss constant.
We then outline the theory of the interaction of paramagnetic dipoles with nuclei and show that the theory is in excellent agreement with experiment.
A number of semiempirical estimates by various workers lead to the conclusion that the Af bond becomes symmetric when the Af bond length is about 2.4 to 2.5 A, but aside from the possible example of nickel dimethylglyoxime there have been no convincing reports of symmetric Af bonds.
Douglass found powder intensity calculations and measurements to agree best for Af.
However, any oxygen nonequivalence would shorten either the already extremely short Af interlayer distance of 2.55 A or the non-hydrogen-bonded Af interlayer interactions which are already quite short at 2.58 Aj.
samples
This latter reaction is in accord with the reported decomposition of Af.
Magnetic analyses by R. G. Meisenheimer of this laboratory indicated no ferromagnetic impurities.
One measurement at 40 Mc/sec was obtained with the Varian model Af unit.
The value derived was 16 microseconds.
Such a density corresponds to a paramagnetic ion density of about Af.
The best known field of application for builders is in heavy-duty, spray-dried detergent formulations for household use.
These hard-surface cleaners are discussed in Chapter 28.
Exclusive of esthetic values, such as high- or low-foam level, perfume content, etc., the requirements for the organic active used in washing textiles are high.
Soil redeposition is evaluated by washing clean swatches with the dirty ones.
Although there is no question but that the process of washing fabrics involves a number of phenomena which are related together in an extremely complicated way and that these phenomena and their interrelations are not well understood at the present, this section attempts to present briefly an up-to-date picture of the physical chemistry of washing either fabrics or hard surfaces.
However, a major factor in binding dirt is the attraction between surfaces that goes under the name of Van der Waal's forces.
and natural waters, in addition, often contain impurities such as calcium salts which can react with soils to make them more difficult to remove.
Micelles can imbibe and hold a considerable amount of oleophilic substances so that the micelle volume may be increased as much as approximately two-fold.
From the equilibrium sorption data which are available, it seems logical to expect that polyphosphate ions would be strongly sorbed on the surface of the dirt (especially clay soils) so as to give it a greatly increased negative charge.
Upon consideration of the variety of soils and fabrics normally encountered in the washing process, it is little wonder that the use of a number of detergent constituents having "synergistic" properties has gained widespread acceptance.
Because of the simplicity of the molecules, isotopic exchange reactions between elemental halogens and the corresponding carbon tetrahalides would appear to offer particularly fruitful possibilities for obtaining unambiguous basic kinetic data.
reagents.
The mixture was then extracted with alkali and with water following which the carbon tetrachloride was distilled on a Vigreux column, a 25% center cut being retained which was then degassed under vacuum in the presence of Af.
In a few experiments the tubes were made from standard 6 mm. i.d. Pyrex tubing of 1 mm. wall thickness.
Carrier Af was added and the aqueous and organic phases were separated (cells containing gaseous reactants were immersed in liquid air before opening under sodium iodide).
Calcium hydride was substituted for Af as a drying agent for carbon tetrachloride.
Some 80 reaction tubes from 13 manifold fillings were illuminated in the temperature range from 40 to 85-degrees in a further endeavor to determine the cause of the irreproducibility and to obtain information on the activation energy and the effect of light intensity.
,
Also, planetary gravitational attraction increases the dust concentration near the plane of the ecliptic as the sun is approached.
5.3 direct measurements of micrometeorite flux
Another important source of evidence only recently receiving much attention is the analysis of atmospheric dust for a meteoritic component.
The data show daily and diurnal variations.
The data have not yet been analyzed for diurnal variations.
In the United States, most of the sensors are calibrated by dropping small spheres on their sensitive surfaces.
if a substantial fraction of the dust is orbiting about the Earth, only about one third the above-mentioned average velocity should be used in deriving the mass.
The figures in the next-to-last column are derived with the assumption of 50 per cent shielding by the Earth;
Extrapolation of this relationship through the thirtieth magnitude covers the range of micrometeorites.
Indirect indications of micrometeorite flux
Biological warfare is considered to be primarily a strategic weapon.
Much of the older experimental work on respiratory infections was accomplished by very artificial procedures.
There are optimal humidity requirements for various agents when airborne.
Something of the behavior of clouds of small particles can be illustrated by the following field trials:
An aqueous suspension of the spores of B. subtilis, var. niger, generally known as Bacillus globigii, was aerosolized using commercially available nozzles.
All samplers were operated for a period of two hours except one, which was operated for four hours.
A number of unique medical problems might be created when man is exposed to an infectious agent through the respiratory route rather than by natural portal of entry.
Moreover, it should not be so fastidious in its growth requirements as to make production on a militarily significant scale improbable.
They do not destroy physical structures as is true of high explosives.
A hypothetical example will illustrate this point.
The same delivery vehicles -- whether they be airplanes, submarines or guided missiles -- should be usable.
These include low-temperature ethanol (Cohn) fractionation, electrophoresis, ultracentrifugation and column chromatography on ion exchange celluloses.
One contained complete antibody and had a titer of 1: 512 in saline.
The red cells were used within 2 days after donation and were washed with large amounts of saline before use.
The cells were washed three times with saline, anti-human serum was added, the cells were resuspended, and the mixture was centrifuged at 1000 rpm for 1 min and examined for agglutination.
After dialysis the sample was centrifuged and the supernatant placed on a Af cm column of EEAE-cellulose equilibrated with starting buffer.
These were read at 280 m**ym in a Beckman model DU spectrophotometer and tested for antibody activity as described above.
The strip sections containing a given protein were pooled, eluted with 0.5 ml of isotonic saline, and the eluates were tested for antibody activity.
The insoluble material which precipitated during dialysis against starting buffer always showed intense agglutinin activity, regardless of the blood group of the donor.
There appeared to be no difference in the distribution of anti-A and anti-B activity in group O serum, though in two group O donors (J. F. and E. M.) only one type of agglutinin was found in the regions of low anionic binding capacity (Figs. 1 and 2).
The serum containing the mixed type of complete and incomplete antibodies showed activity in both regions (Fig. 1).
It is on them alone that the future of their race depends, for all their relatives (mothers, husbands, brothers, and unmated sisters) have perished with the arrival of the cold weather.
The staminate willow catkins, then, provide their visitors with both nectar and pollen;
As befits a queen, a bumblebee female is rather choosy and may spend considerable time searching for a suitable nesting place.
The larvae, kept warm by the queen, are full grown in about ten days.
The temperature then is still very high.
When she succeeds, she usually manages to slip in unobtrusively, to deposit an egg on a completed loaf of beebread before the bumblebees seal the egg compartment.
The females like to burrow in the short turf of well-kept lawns, where their little mounds of earth often appear by the hundreds.
After the male and female andrenas have mated, the cycle is repeated.
In the United States Department of Agriculture's Yearbook Of Agriculture, 1952, which is devoted entirely to insects, George E. Bohart mentions a site in Utah which was estimated to contain 200,000 nesting females.
They dislike dense vegetation.
It is possible to make a few generalizations about the six giants themselves.
it responds exceptionally well to captivity and does not reach proportions that make it hard to keep.
The following information on snakes varying greatly in size (but all with less than a 10-foot maximum) shows, when considered with the foregoing, that there is probably no correlation between the length of a snake and the time required for it to mature.
Oversized monsters are never brought home either alive or preserved, and field measurements are obviously open to doubt because of the universal tendency to exaggerate dimensions.
field measurements by experienced explorers are not rejected, and even reports of a less scientific nature are duly evaluated.
Growth of the six giants
the extreme measurements of these fall between the lower limit of the Brookfield brood and its average.
In 1948, Afranio Do Amaral, the noted Brazilian herpetologist, wrote a technical paper on the giant snakes.
A Colombian female's brood of sixteen boa constrictors born in the Staten Island Zoo averaged 20 inches.
One female, collected on an island off the coast of Nicaragua, was gravid and measured 4 feet 8 inches from snout to vent (her tail should be between 6 and 7 inches long).
It does, as in type 1, supply the hilar lymph nodes, the pulmonary artery, the pulmonary vein, the bronchi, and the bronchioles -- terminating in a common capillary bed with the pulmonary artery at the level of the respiratory bronchiole.
Here the pulmonary vein, as in type 2, is noted to draw away from the bronchus, and to follow a more direct, independent course to the hilum (figs. 23, 24).
The diameter of this bronchial artery was much too large for it to be a mere vasa vasorum (figs. 16, 23, 24).
However, the dynamics of airflow, from morphologic considerations alone, may conceivably be different in the monkey than in the horse.
Anatomically, the horse lung appears to be remarkably like that of man, insofar as this can be ascertained from comparison of our findings in the horse with those of others (Birnbaum,'54) in the human being.
The alveoli and respiratory bronchioles are primarily diffusing tissues.
Berry, Brailsford and Daly in 1931 and Nakamura in 1958 reaffirmed this.
The possibility that the absence or presence of these shunts is species-dependent is therefore inferred.
A tabulation of these features permits the lungs to be grouped into three distinctive subgross types.
In types 1, 2 and 3 the bronchial artery terminates in a capillary bed shared in common with the pulmonary artery at the level of the distal bronchiole.
The Maturity Chart for each sex demonstrates clearly that Onset is a phenomenon of infancy and early childhood whereas Completion is a phenomenon of the later portion of adolescence.
The upper curve denotes the mean plus one standard deviation, and the lower curve represents the mean minus one standard deviation.
The lower portion provides a rating at any stage between infancy and adulthood.
The differences between onset age and completion age with respect to the corresponding mean age have been brought into juxtaposition by means of a series of arrows.
This difference is readily clarified by referring to Table 1.
Forty other figures similar to 5 and 6 and the original data used in the construction of all figures and tables in this monograph have been included in the Appendix.
With due consideration for the limits of precision in assessing, expected rate of change in ossification of girls age 2 years, and the known variations in rate of ossification of these children as described in our preceding paper in the Supplement, each arrow with a "shaft length" of four months or less was selected as indicating "same schedule" at Onset and Completion, for this particular epiphysis.
his arrow crosses the line denoting the mean.
Taurog, Potter, Tong, and Chaikoff, 1956;
The mono- and di-iodotyrosine must be coupled to form tri-iodothyronine and thyroxine.
In addition, depending on availability of dietary iodine, thyroglobulin may contain varying quantities of iodine.
Besides proteolytic enzymes the thyroid possesses de-iodinating enzymes.
One type has a small univalent anion of the thiocyanate-perchlorate-fluoro type.
The antithyroid drugs of the thiouracil type, however, are not antagonised by such means.
Stanbury, Brownell, Riggs, Perinetti, Itoiz, and Del Castillo, 1954).
The name thyroid-stimulating hormone (TSH) has been given to a substance found in the anterior pituitary gland of all species of animal so tested for its presence.
After their work other investigators applied salt-fractionation techniques to the problem, as well as fractionation with organic solvents, such as acetone.
It is therefore necessary to consider the properties of pituitary TSH if the fragmentary chemical information about blood TSH is to be discussed rationally.
The international unit is equipotent with the USP unit adopted in 1952, which was defined as the amount of activity present in 20 mg of the USP reference substance.
This medication was continued until February, 1958.
At first the patient felt stronger, and the hemoglobin rose to 13.8 gm., but on Oct. 20, 1958, he complained of "caving in" in his knees.
The protein-bound iodine was 6.6 mg., and the radioactive iodine uptake over the thyroid gland was 46% in 24 hours, with a conversion ratio of 12%.
In spite of normal thyroid function tests, a trial of propylthiouracil, 400 mg. daily for one week, was given but served only to intensify muscle weakness.
The body was that of a well-developed, somewhat debilitated white man weighing 108 lb.
The intimal surface of the aorta was covered with confluent, yellow-brown, hard, friable plaques along its entire course, and there was a marked narrowing of the orifices of the large major visceral arteries.
There were slight fibrosis and marked arteriolosclerosis.
The submucosa was focally infiltrated with neutrophils.
Throughout, there were marked arteriolosclerosis and hyalinization of afferent glomerular arterioles.
These changes were most marked in the gastrocnemius and biceps and less evident in the pectoralis, diaphragm, and transversus.
Individual nuclei were usually oval to round, though occasionally elongated, and frequently small and somewhat pyknotic.
The precipitate was washed twice with an 80% saturated solution of Af, dissolved in a small quantity of 0.1 M neutral phosphate buffer, dialyzed against cold distilled water till free from ammonium ions, and lyophilized using liquid nitrogen.
Staining technique
As controls, other sections were similarly treated with Af or conjugated antiserum to the New York strain of potato yellow-dwarf virus (Wolcyrz and Black, 1956).
In the first few experiments Af was passed through Dowex-2-chloride twice and absorbed twice with 50 - 100 mg sweet clover tissue powder.
In all the above procedures, when the intermediate sera were diluted to 1: 10 or 1: 100 with 0.85% saline, the specific and nonspecific fluorescence were not appreciably reduced, whereas, a dilution of the intermediate sera to 1: 500 or diluting the Af to 1: 5 greatly reduced specific fluorescence.
Af was first conjugated with 50 mg of FITC per gram of globulin.
but mere dilution of the conjugate to 1: 4 did not satisfactorily remove nonspecific staining.
No antigen was detectable in certain dark spherical areas in most cells.
Such treatments of the conjugates have usually been successful in eliminating nonspecific staining in several other systems (Coons, 1958).
In experiments with topical application of strychnine on the cerebral cortex, the transmission of impulses from the cortex to the hypothalamus was demonstrated.
The visceral brain as well as the neocortex is known to contribute to memory, but this topic is beyond the scope of this paper.
This tendency can be broken either by restoring hypothalamic excitability directly or via cortico-hypothalamic pathways.
The former comprise analeptic and psychoactive drugs, the latter the tranquilizers.
Nevertheless, the theory that the determining influence of the hypothalamic balance has a profound influence on the clinical behavior of neuropsychiatric patients has not yet been tested on an adequate number of patients.
However, if these procedures are applied more often, conditioned emotional responses are temporarily abolished.
We pointed out that emotional excitement may lead to psychosomatic disorders and neurotic symptoms, particularly in certain types of personality, but it is also known that the reliving of a strong emotion ("abreaction") may cure a battle neurosis.
Since strong nociceptive stimuli produce an experimental neurosis during which the animals fail to eat in the experimental situation, Wolpe thought that he could utilize the feeding-pain antagonism to inhibit the neurotic symptoms through feeding.
Concluding remarks
If we try to study T using characteristic values, we are confronted with two problems.
This will be more or less our general method for the second problem.
Then (A) Af;
Thus there are polynomials Af such that Af.
But then it is immediate that Af, i.e., that **ya is in the range of Af.
Corollary.
Definition.
Now suppose that we also have Af where D'is diagonalizable, N'is nilpotent, and Af.
if we take Af above, that will be large enough.
Then every linear operator T in V can be written as the sum of a diagonalizable operator D and a nilpotent operator N which commute.
Let N be a positive integer and let V be the space of all N times continuously differentiable functions F on the real line which satisfy the differential equation Af where Af are some fixed constants.
This reduction has been accomplished by the general methods of linear algebra, i.e., by the primary decomposition theorem.
Since Af are linearly independent functions and the exponential function has no zeros, these R functions Af, form a basis for the space of solutions.
What can we say of the probabilities of the different possible numbers of bull's-eyes?
The major question in this chapter is: What is the probability of exactly X successes in N trials?
These examples are illustrative of the use of the words "trial" and "experiment" as they are used in this chapter, but they are quite flexible words and it is well not to restrict them too narrowly.
Discussion.
The language and notation introduced are standard throughout the chapter.
Binomial trials.
3.
Thus in the three-dice example Af, Af, and the independence assumption imply that the probability that the three dice fall ace, not-ace, ace in that order is Af.
Voting for one picture may be called "success", for the other "failure".
For example, we are interested in the number of bull's-eyes, not which shots were bull's-eyes.
A binomial experiment consists of Af independent binomial trials, all with the same probability Af of yielding a success.
Each binomial trial of a binomial experiment produces either 0 or 1 success.
In the following paper it is shown that in a certain definite sense, exactly an odd number of squares can be inscribed in every such curve which does not contain an infinite number of inscribed squares.
The points may also touch C without crossing.
With each vertex we associate certain numerical values, namely the set of positive differences in the parameter T between the vertex and its corresponding forward corner points.
Any other point of intersection between C and Af will be called a tangent point.
In the C-plane we construct a set of rectangular Cartesian coordinates u, V with the origin at Q and such that both C and Af have finite slope at Q.
Thus Af is also continuous at Af, and in a neighborhood of Af which does not contain a tangent point.
There are three possibilities: (A) Af remains tangent to C as it is translated;
First, for any value of T for which all values of f{t} are ordinary points the number of values of f{t} must be odd.
Then every component of the graph of F must be defined over a bounded sub-interval.
The remaining (incomplete) components all have an even number of ordinary points at any argument, and are defined only on a proper sub-interval of Aj.
We first define a function b{t} as follows: given the set of squares such that each has three corners on C and vertex at t, b{t} is the corresponding set of positive parametric differences between T and the backward corner points.
No generalization of these results to spaces of more than three dimensions has so far been found possible.
Hence the totality of singular lines is the T order complex of lines which meet Aj.
In particular, tangents to C are transformed into tangents to C'.
Clearly, any line, l, of any bundle having one of these points of tangency, T, as vertex will be transformed into the entire pencil having the image of the second intersection of L and Q as vertex and lying in the plane determined by the image point and the generator of Af which is tangent to **zg at T.
We now shall show that any involution with these characteristics is necessarily of the type we have just described.
Since a ruled surface of order N with N concurrent generators is necessarily a cone, it follows finally that every line through a point, P, of **zg meets its image at P, as asserted.
The multiple secants, of course, are exceptional and in each case are transformed into cones of order Af.
Continuing with the case in which **zg is a Af curve on a quadric Q, we first observe that the second regulus of Q consists precisely of the lines which join the two free intersections of **zg and the planes through any one of the multiple secants.
Nevertheless, with foresight and careful planning, some of the more disruptive and dangerous consequences of social change which have troubled other countries passing through this stage can be escaped.
When we look at countries like Iran, Iraq, Pakistan, and Burma, where substantial progress has been made in creating a minimum supply of modern men and of social overhead capital, and where institutions of centralized government exist, we find a second category of countries with a different set of problems and hence different priorities for policy.
The civil services in such societies are generally inadequate to deal competently with the problems facing them;
Efforts such as the Community Development Program in the Philippines have demonstrated that transitional societies can work toward balanced national development.
By holding out prospects for external capital assistance, the United States can provide strong incentives to prepare for the concerted economic drive necessary to achieve self-sustaining growth.
These countries must formulate a comprehensive, long-term program covering the objectives of both the private and the public sectors of the economy.
There are also more basic problems.
we also have, in consequence, the duty to appraise realistically and honestly their performance and to communicate our judgments to their leaders in frank but friendly ways.
2:
he is not greatly frustrated, and he is not anomic;
Man has the experience of being helpfully allied with what he cannot fully understand;
There is also the possibility, among higher religions, of experiencing consistent meaning in life and enjoying guidance and expansiveness.
His religious beliefs provide him with plausible explanations for many conditions which cause him great concern, and his religious faith makes possible fortitude, equanimity, and consolation, enabling him to endure colossal misfortune, fear, frustration, uncertainty, suffering, evil, and danger.
The religion supports, re-enforces, reaffirms, and maintains the fundamental values.
It places certain values at least beyond questioning and tampering.
These groups have varied widely from mere families, primitive, totemic groups, and small modern cults and sects, to the memberships of great denominations, and great, widely dispersed world religions.
The religious symbolism, and especially the closely related rites and worship forms, constitute a powerful bond for the members of the particular faith.
The Jews for 2500 years have been a prime example, though the adherents of any world or interpeople religion are cases in point.
Much of the important individual and social action has been owing to religious incentives.
Overwhelmed with the care of five young children and concerned about persistent economic difficulties due to her husband's marginal income, her defense of denial was excessively strong.
Direct confrontation and acceptance of Mrs. B.'s anger against the second baby soon dissipated her fears of annihilation.
In general, the approach is more active than passive, more out-reaching than reflective.
While some suppression and some denial are not only necessary but healthy, the worker's clinical knowledge must determine how these defenses are being used, what healthy shifts in defensive adaptation are indicated, and when efforts at bringing about change can be most effectively timed.
We should first recognize our tendency to develop a hierarchy of values, locating brief treatment at the bottom and long-term intensive service at the top, instead of seeing the services as part of a continuum, each important in its own right.
These reports refer to a level of secondary prevention in a child guidance clinic approached by the customary route of voluntary referral by the family or by other professional people.
Further research in the meaning of crises as experienced by the consumers of traditional social casework services -- including attempts to develop a typology of family structures, crisis problems, reaction mechanisms, and differential treatment approaches -- and the establishment of new experimental programs are imperative social needs which should command the best efforts of caseworkers in collaboration with community planners.
It would seem necessary that members of this population provide support for one another since it is not provided by the larger society.
The process of evaluation assigns varying positive and negative priorities or values to elements.
Again, size of the group may have some influence on the strength of group controls.
The negative sanctions applied to core - Negro marriages for core members act as indicators of expected adherence to group norms.
Regulative norms governing subgroups and roles.
The present study relates to the theory of functional systems.
The problem of solidarity and morale again involves the concept of values.
1.
6.
A more realistic analysis must take into account the fact that Brandywine people in the urban-fringe area are, in general, less segregated locally than group members in rural areas.
There is an oral tradition among the members of the population in regard to the origin and subsequent separate status of the group in the larger society.
" Boundary maintenance for this group would seem to be primarily social, as is the preference for endogamy.
The whole system was again reviewed and reorganized in 1933.
Personal identification cards are issued to all adult males on which tax payments, inoculations, periods of employment, and changes of residence are recorded.
Averages of the ratios obtained in a few selected areas were applied to the larger population.
But the information on the dynamics of population was often quite misleading.
Other independent, or partially independent agencies, have promoted investigations on topics directly or indirectly related to demography.
Eventually responsibility for demographic inquiries in the Congo was transferred to the demographic division of the Central Statistical Office.
These teams carried out the same operations successively in different areas.
(4) questions and definitions.
It provides a frame for the sampling census.
It is proposed that in the future complete sampling censuses be carried out at five-year intervals.
In fact, they went so far as to caution the writer that if he attempted to design a section exclusively for married students there should be, at the beginning, some "hindsight" study;
This did not mean that married students could not enroll in other "mixed" sections, and some of them, largely because of scheduling difficulties, did.
In the regular sections they have always been more or less discouraged.
It ranged from a freshman woman, just married, through the various academic growth stages, including one senior-graduate student, to a young faculty member recently married to a senior man who also attended.
We already have courses covering those problems, and so on.
For example, the steering committee might announce that the group felt a topic under study should not be dropped for an additional week as there was still too much of it untouched.
These students, although they might read various articles in popular magazines, more often chose to report on articles found in the journals.
As an example of this last facet, there were some lengthy discussions centered around bereavement.
The writer sensed a much freer and more frank discussion, especially of this one area, than ever before.
Thus it is reasonable to believe that there is a significant difference between the two groups in their performance on this task after a brief "structuring" experience.
Only Co differentiated between the two groups at less than the 5% level (Af).
Only 27% (11 subjects) gave a positive Kohnstamm reaction when completely naive concerning the phenomenon.
This information was accepted with the frequent interpretation that those persons who did not show arm-levitation must be preventing it.
There was no implication made that their initial reaction (absence of an arm-elevation) was less preferred than the presence of levitation.
She described herself as having the same kind of "irresponsible" feeling as she had once experienced under hypnosis.
I thought it wasn't supposed to".
She then described her experience as one in which she first had difficulty accepting for herself a state of being in which she relinquished control.
They knew that their perceptual experience differed from objective reality since they had seen the desk and ball prior to putting on the aniseikonic lenses.
The structured schools were in an industrial city, with three-family tenement houses typical of the residential areas, but with one rather sizable section of middle-class homes.
The subjects for this study were randomly selected from stratified areas of the distribution, one-third as underachievers, one-third medium, and one-third over-achievers.
The parent was asked to describe the child's typical behavior in certain standard situations in which there was an opportunity to observe tendencies toward perfectionism in demands upon self and others, irrational conformity to rules, orderliness, punctuality, and need for certainty.
The Taylor Scale was adapted from the Minnesota Multiphastic Personality Inventory, with item selection based upon clinical definitions of anxiety.
Criterion measurement
therefore, in the investigation of the present hypothesis, it was necessary to control this factor.
Tables 1 and 2 present the results of the statistical analysis of the data when compulsivity is used as the descriptive variable.
Possibly their compulsivity was not strong enough to cause them to build their own structure.
According to the theory proposed, this is a consequence of the severe condition of perceived threat that persists unabated for the anxious child in an ambiguous sort of school environment.
Sarason et al present evidence that the anxious child will suffer in the test-like situation, and that his performance will be impaired unless he receives supporting and accepting treatment from the teacher.
For example: a sales presentation can be analyzed and evaluated through roleplaying.
Each person was to enter the testing room, carrying a suitcase of samples.
This procedure was repeated one day a month for four months.
Each girl was independently "tested" by the personnel man, and he served not only as the director, but as the antagonist and the observer.
Turnover rates of personnel went up, production dropped, and morale was visibly reduced.
After the diagnosing, he left the course, convinced that it could do him no good.
He was criticized for his curtness and abruptness -- and he answered: "I am not working to become popular".
They were asked to vote "true" if they thought they had seen him make the error, "false" if they thought he had not;
We can see others more clearly than we can see ourselves, and others can see us better than we see ourselves.
While roleplaying for testing is not too well understood at the present time, it represents one of the major uses of this procedure.
The content of his words may lapse back into monotonous repetition, as if a phonograph needle were stuck in one groove;
but a few seconds later she was standing directly across the room from me, looking me in the eyes and saying in a scathingly condemnatory tone, "Your father despises you"!
A somewhat less fragmented hebephrenic patient of mine, who used to often seclude herself in her room, often sounded through the closed door -- as I would find on passing by, between our sessions -- for all the world like two persons, a scolding mother and a defensive child.
Here a variety of meanings and emotions are concentrated, or reduced, in their communicative expression, to some comparatively simple-seeming verbal or nonverbal statement.
, the patient replied, "Both, Dearie -- two in one".
Thus he may be referring to some concrete thing, or incident, in his immediate environment by some symbolic-sounding, hyperbolic reference to transcendental events on the global scene.
A significant reduction in the voume of store information is thus realized, especially for a highly inflected language such as Russian.
A random-storage scheme, based on the spelling of forms, provides an economical way to compile this text-form list.
For this step the computer memory is separated into three regions: cells in the W-region are used for storage of the forms in the text-form list;
When this situation exists, the address Af will equal Af which was produced from Af.
A third cell can be added by storing the address of another Y-cell in Af;
Each form represented by the dictionary is looked up in the text-form list.
When a match is found, an entry is made in the table of dictionary usage.
The order is identical to the ordering of the forms they describe.
This leaves the ordering of entries variable.
If all forms of a paradigm are grouped together within the dictionary, a considerable reduction in the amount of information required is possible.
There is a parallel to this tendency in the assignment of time in long-known hymn tunes.
In I know one thing dominant stress will usually be on the complement one thing;
Is George put the cat out, dominant stress will ordinarily be on the first complement, the cat, not the second complement out.
In I'll go with George dominant stress is probably on George;
If work is substituted for things (with more exact contribution to meaning), it will have dominant stress.
Thus in his friends are stranger than his sisters'strong stresses are normal for his and sisters', but in his friends are stranger than his sisters strong stresses are normal for friends and sisters.
Thus when yes, I have is the response to have you finished reading the paper?
But when to represents to consciousness in that was the moment that I came to, and similarly in that was the moment I came to, there is much stronger stress on to.
but if a complement for come is implied and by Tuesday is a prepositional unit used as an adjunct, by will be unstressed or lightly stressed at most.
Doubt on this point is strongest before /l/ and AAb/ or /r/.
An advanced student has read a considerable number of descriptions of consonantal systems, including some of the more unusual types.
They will give suggestions that can be worked up into field procedures.
Since tone systems typically comprise fewer units than either consonant or vowel systems, we might expect that they would be the easiest part of a phonologic analysis.
Pitch differences from one speaker to another, or from one emotional state to another, may far exceed the small differences between tones.
In some (the Ewe type mentioned above) interaction of tone and intonation is restricted to the ends of intonation spans.
Morphophonemic rules may be thought of as joining certain points in the system.
Smaller systems can of course be stated much more succinctly.
Linguists have not always been more enlightened than "practical people" and sometimes have insisted on incredibly trivial points while neglecting things of much greater significance.
I hope his suggestions are given the consideration they deserve in Kikuyu circles.
It seems to me that it rather easily can.
or again because the Athabascan languages spread over a very much larger territory (including three wholly separated areas);
and somewhat similarly for plants, 16 as against 4.
It will be seen that where the scope is similar, the Athabascan ratios come out somewhat higher (as indeed they ought to with a total ratio of 2.8 as against 3.5 or 4: 5) except for verbs, where alone the Athabascan ratio is lower.
the three others had to be spread somewhat, and are headed respectively Af;
The actual mean of 1.07 being about halfway between 0 of complete correlation and 2.0 of no correlation, it is evident that there is a pretty fair degree of similarity in the behavior even of particular individual items of meaning as regards long-term stem displacement.
Thus his persistence values for some stem frequencies per meaning are: stem identical in 8 languages, 100%;
or under'Four Stems', I set off by asterisks cases where the combined N of stems Af was Af.
It is the hope of attaining a list of items of universal occurrence.
and they should be given priority in the basic list as long as they continue to show these qualities.
But there is also a firm aspect to lexicostatistics: the aspect of learning the internal organization of obvious natural genetic groups of languages as well as their more remote and elusive external links;
There would be no conceivable sense in going to the opposite extreme of selecting items whose forms are the most unstable.
The West was now glad to propose the 1919 Curzon Line, which was substantially Russia's 1941 border, as the boundary between Russia and Poland.
Now Stalin made it clear that he meant to move Poland's western borders deep into Germany, back to the western Neisse-Oder River lines, taking not only East Prussia and all of Silesia but Pomerania and the tip of Brandenburg, back to and including Stettin.
Government.
It was a matter of principle with Churchill, since Britain had declared war in behalf of Poland.
Byrnes says that invariably thereafter the Soviets used the same security argument to justify their course in Poland.
Professor McNeill thinks that at Yalta, Stalin did not fully realize the dilemma which faced him, that he thought the exclusion of the anti-Soviet voters from East European elections would not be greatly resented by his allies, while neither Roosevelt nor Churchill frankly faced "the fact that, in Poland at least, genuinely free democratic elections would return governments unfriendly to Russia", by any definition of international friendliness.
This is a penetrating description of our post-war illusion, which applied to other areas than East Europe.
of heavy arms expenditures and constant danger of another world war had to ensue before the United States could bring itself to accept the two chief results of World War 2, -- Communist control of East Europe and China -- a new balance of power.
However, the regionally differentiated results, which appear below in tables, are interesting evidence of the problems of developing self-government under even the most favorable circumstances.
Until the Charter of Liberties was issued in the fall of 1958, there were no guarantees of the right to assemble or to organize for political purposes.
They figured prominently in the Balafrej government of May, 1958, which the King was reportedly determined to keep in office until elections could be held.
In the absence of a reservoir of political consensus each organized political group hopes that the elections will give them new prominence, but in a system where there is as yet no place for the less prominent.
The general setting of the Moroccan election may also encourage the deterioration of local party organization.
The Istiqlal found that the spontaneous solidarity of the independence struggle was not easily transposed to the more concrete, precise problems of internal politics.
Centrally, however, the administrative problem was more complex and the sheer prestige of office was very likely an unfair advantage.
Periodic bulletins of the accomplishment in each province made the registration process into a kind of competition among provincial officials.
The present Federal program of vocational education began in 1917 with the passage of the Smith-Hughes Act, which provided a continuing annual appropriation of $7 million to support, on a matching basis, state-administered programs of vocational education in agriculture, trades, industrial skills and home economics.
The state may decide to encourage local programs by paying half of the cost, or the state may require the local district to bear this half or some part of it.
In addition, many large corporations operate their own formal training programs.
An important recent trend is the development of area vocational schools.
Relation to new industry
Local focus of programs
Elaborate studies have been made in labor surplus areas in order to identify sufficient numbers of local job vacancies and future replacement needs for certain skills to justify training programs for those skills.
However, there always is some limit to the numbers who will spend the time and effort to acquire training.
If only state funds were used to pay for the vocational education, it could be argued that the state should not have to bear the cost of vocational training which would benefit employers in other states.
Personal financial assistance would enable more emphasis to be placed on the interests of the individual.
The advantages and disadvantages of these two types of charting, bar charting and point and figure charting, remain the subject of fairly good-natured litigation among their respective professional advocates, with both methods enjoying in common, one irrevocable merit.
We now know that things rarely ever work out in such cut-and-dried fashion, and that car loadings, while perhaps interesting enough, are nevertheless not the magic formula that will always turn before stock prices turn.
All these things and countless more enter into their calculations, and yet, the enchanting index remains non-forthcoming.
Falling most easily prey to an adverse market movement, for this rank of traders can least afford to lose, virtually anything the odd-lot traders do, marketwise, is taken to exemplify the "wrong" thing to do.
While it had long been known in general, that "the public is always wrong", the use of odd-lot indices now puts the adage on a statistical basis.
This element is often called "strong hands".
Certain badly disillusioned market critics are often apt to feel that there is something somehow unfair, dirty, or even thoroughly criminal about this interplay of competitive forces.
It has to, by virtue of the very dictionary definition of the word "few".
Nevertheless, all theories and techniques lead but to one of two possible modes of expression, if they lead to a market committment at all.
Nineteen-sixty has been a baffling year for analysts of general business activity.
The 2% increase in retail sales in October to a 4-month high is encouraging in this connection as well as the most recent consumer survey by the National Industrial Conference Board, which shows a decided pickup in consumer spending plans.
However, the monetary authorities will continue to be required to pay attention to the consequences of their actions with respect to our international balance of payments position and the outflow of gold, as well as with regard to avoiding the creation of excessive liquidity in the economy, which would delay the effectiveness of monetary policy measures in the next expansion phase of the business cycle.
Five basic forces
According to the latest projections of the Bureau of the Census, the annual rate of household formations will increase for the next 20 years.
Here would be a powerful force for raising business activity.
The huge backlog of demand which was evident in the first decade and a half after the War was fed by liquid assets accumulated by the public during the War, and even more so by the easier and easier credit in the consumer loan and home loan fields.
Indeed, the apparent stiffening of the industry's attitude in the recent steel strike has a direct explanation in terms of the model here presented.
The Mathematical Appendix presents the rigorous argument, but is best read after Part 1, in order that the assumptions underlying the equations may be explicit.
We are concerned with aggregate demand for the industry's product.
Because of its importance, and because the lack of price competition is well recognized, the industry is under considerable public pressure not to raise its price any more than could be justified by cost increases.
Where this approach becomes critical, the industry can be expected to put much emphasis on this as evidence of its sincerity in "resisting" the wage pressures of a powerful union, requesting tariff relief after it has "reluctantly" acceded to the union pressure.
Notice, however, that the passage of time does not permit the raising of prices per se, without an accompanying wage increase.
E.
For internal political reasons, the union asks for (and accepts) increases in the basic wage rate, and would vigorously oppose a reduction in this rate, but the adjustment of the basic wage rate upwards is essentially up to the discretion of the companies of the industry.
It is convenient to assume that the union-industry contract is of one year's duration.
It was not always easy to develop theory and doctrine which would square the two conditions.
Kent and Story, the great early American scholars, repeatedly made use of this phrase, or of "Christian nations", which is a substantial equivalent.
The difference is important, for although the older law of nations did cover relationships among sovereigns, this was by no means its exclusive domain.
National identification was reflected jurisprudentially in law theories which incorporated this Hegelian abstraction and saw law, domestic and international, simply as its formal reflection.
Increased participation in politics and the demands of various groups for status and recognition had dramatic effects upon law institutions.
In municipal systems we tend to view what is called positivism as fundamentally a movement to democratize policy by increasing the power of parliament -- the elected representatives -- at the expense of the more conservative judiciary.
It was not opposed to either justice or morality;
business organization -- the corporation -- was analyzed in contractual terms;
States were free to enact, within broad, though (perhaps) determinate limits, their own rules as to the application of foreign law by their courts, to vary the law merchant, and to enact legislation with regard to many claims arising on the high seas.
An amendment, presumably designed to deal with the problems of newly freed slaves, became a "laissez-faire" limitation upon state economic policy.
Drawing upon the traditional discretion of the chancellor, Mr. Justice Holmes introduced a series of self-imposed judicial restraints that culminated in Mr. Justice Frankfurter's famous doctrine of abstention.
Temporary abstention, i.e., postponement, is one thing;
By these measures, Congress, so the Court (in effect) now decides, gave not only needless but inadequate relief, since it now appears that the federal courts have inherent power to sterilize the Act of 1875 against all proceedings challenging local regulation".
or (3) exclusion of state court jurisdiction over these matters".
Does Lincoln Mills suggest that if Congress granted jurisdiction over interstate divorce cases, the federal courts would be authorized to fashion a national law for the dissolution of marriages?
With few exceptions, Congress has not given federal courts exclusive authority to enforce rights arising under federal law.
A similar canon applies to those who press state claims in federal tribunals, e.g., in diversity cases.
Another problem in the area of federal-state relationships is this: what constitutes reversible error in a state decision?
or allowing survival of a dividend carryover to a personal holding company (section 381(c)(14)), but not carryover of excess tax credits for foreign taxes?
Section 203 of the United States Code voids an assignment of a claim against the Government unless made after it has been allowed, the amount due has been ascertained, and a warrant for its payment has been issued.
Although it is in some ways comparable to a voluntary sale of assets for cash, to which section 203 quite clearly applies, the courts and Treasury have held that acquiring corporations in several types of non-taxable reorganizations may sue for refund of taxes paid by transferors.
Proper evidence of the liquidation and succession must also be filed.
These results appear sound.
If such an unlikely transaction were to take place, it would more logically be accomplished by a stock purchase, followed by the prosecution of the claim by the wholly-owned subsidiary, followed by liquidation.
Other sections of the 1954 Internal Revenue Code provide for survival of certain of a transferor's tax attributes following a tax-free reorganization.
Under the 1939 Code this item was permitted to survive a tax-free reorganization in the Stanton Brewery case, but only over the dissent of Judge Learned Hand, who wrote the majority opinion in the Sansome case, a leading case requiring carryover of earnings and profits in a non-taxable reorganization.
It was also hoped that responses to a mail questionnaire would suggest fruitful inquiries that might be made in subsequent studies of a more detailed nature.
Under the circumstances, however, the team considered it would provide the most useful information at this point.
Characteristics of defense sales activities (Part B of the questionnaire) 3.
Preparation and pretest of the questionnaire
Ten days after the questionnaires were mailed, follow-up airmail postcards were sent urging those companies which had not yet returned their questionnaires to do so at once.
The primary consideration in the compilation of this list was convenience in discussing the questionnaire with company officers.
It was compiled as a control sample to determine if the opinions and practices of companies on the lists submitted by the members of the Aerospace Industries Association were materially different from those of other small firms selling to defense programs.
Fifteen hundred names were selected in this fashion.
The final mailing of the questionnaire was made late in August, 1960, to 4,900 firms consisting of 3,450 from the AIA list and 1,450 from the TR list.
All responses, except comments, were numerically coded to permit use of data-processing equipment.
The methods and results of this comparative analysis are described in Appendix Aj.
Often the displeased parties interpreted our decision as implying favoritism toward the other.
The AWOC has been able to employ the traditional weapons of labor -- the strike and the picket line -- with considerable success, particularly in the area of wages.
California has accepted the provisions of that Act (as have all other States) by enacting into our Code (Section 2051) a provision that
It permits referrals under certain circumstances even when there is a labor dispute, provided the individual is given written notice of such a dispute.
The matter got into the courts this way: One of the early strikes called by the AWOC was at the DiGiorgio pear orchards in Yuba County.
Under that order, we have continued referring workers to the ranch.
In that event, we can correctly say that we have received an authoritative interpretation of the matter, and one which we can follow statewide with confidence that the policy will not be overthrown in other Superior Courts.
The public interest is so dominant in such an issue that I cannot be so presumptuous as to attempt to settle it by an administrative order based upon conclusions reached in a summary action in one or two Superior Courts in the State.
Because of the uncertainty of this definition, I solicited the interpretation of the Secretary of Labor.
Many studies indicate that elementary-school children's interests cover the whole field of science;
1.
Children need help in learning to control their emotions.
the student will certainly want to explore more deeply into the fascinating study of immature individuals, struggling to meet their developmental needs, and at the same time trying to learn the rules of the game in the ever-expanding number of groups in which they hold membership.
3.
By the time pupils reach the sixth grade, their ethical and moral standards are fairly well developed;
In the middle grades, however, he begins to participate more effectively in group activities such as selecting a leader, helping to make plans and carry on group activities, and setting up rules governing the enterprise.
Teachers and administrators in many elementary schools have assumed that dividing the pupils in any grade into groups on the basis of test scores solves the problem of meeting the needs of individuals.
The causes of retardation and maladjustment may be found in physical factors, such as defective speech or hearing, impaired vision, faulty motor coordination, a frail constitution, chronic disease, malnutrition, and glandular malfunctioning.
At any rate, the teacher who recognizes common causes of retardation and maladjustment can frequently do a great deal to eliminate the causes of pupil discouragement, failure, and maladjustment.
Cumulative records
second, that both actual and pending desegregation is, with few exceptions, the product or result of court order.
The action was a result of a court order, the citation for which (and for other court action mentioned in this paper) is taken from the Summary Report for this Conference.
In Virginia court orders led to desegregation in Charlottesville and Floyd Counties.
That reference in the Report is "continuation of the trend toward an all-Negro school system", a remark apparently occasioned by the increase of Negro school population from 74.1 per cent to 76.7 per cent.
From the Summary Report before us at this Conference, a number of problems are apparent.
Correlatively, can we reduce the role of the district courts, so that the action is that of the people of the community or other school district and not that of the law court?
Can we help children adjust to "images of other children" when the latter are not actually present.
This question is an issue because it likely divides us into two camps -- those for or against pupil assignment.
In each instance the plaintiff was a private citizen.
Should we support a clause in Federal school construction or school assistance legislation that would deny Federal funds to a school district that denies admission to a child on account of his race?
If people don't want to provide public education, should they be forced to do so?
Must or should the Federal government help?
There have been very few cases of explicit conflict of interest between the middle class and any other class in the field of educational policy.
They are mostly upper-middle- and lower-middle-class people, with a few in the upper class.
One social-class factor which plays a large part in educational policy today is the fact that a great many school and college teachers are upward mobile from urban lower-class and lower-middle-class families.
Their experience is quite in contrast with that of children of upper- and upper-middle-class native-born parents, who are more likely to regard education as good for its own sake and to discount the vocational emphases in the curriculum.
President Truman's Commission on Higher Education tended to take a liberal, expansionist position, while President Eisenhower's Committee on Education Beyond the High School was slightly more conservative.
Finally there are the parent organizations and the laymen's organizations such as the National Association of Parents and Teachers, and the Citizens Committee on Public Schools.
In so far as this goal is achieved, the society becomes more fluid, artificial barriers to social mobility are reduced, and people at the lower end of the social hierarchy share more fully in the material and cultural goods of society.
It is probably more effective than the expanded scholarship programs of the past decade, because the scholarship programs mainly aided the students with the best academic records (who were usually middle-class), and these students tended to use the scholarship funds to go to more expensive colleges.
Despite an ambiguity due to its failure clearly to define "relative costs", the above exposition of fully distributed costing goes about as far as one can go toward expressing the basic philosophy of the practice.
Since this book is concerned only incidentally with railroad rates, it will not attempt to analyze the methods by which the staff of the Interstate Commerce Commission has estimated out-of-pocket costs and apportioned residue costs.
Moreover, whereas in Interstate Commerce Commission parlance "variable cost" means a cost deemed to vary in direct proportion to changes in rate of output, in the type of analysis now under review "variable cost" has been used more broadly, so as to cover costs which, while a function of some one variable (such as output of energy, or number of customers), are not necessarily a linear function.
But in the second subtype, which I take to be the one more frequently applied, only the operating expenses and not the "cost of capital" or "fair return" are apportioned directly among the various classes of service.
Three-part analysis of the costs of an electric utility business
If this threefold division of costs were to have its counterpart in the actual rates of charge for service, as it actually does have in some rates, there would result a three-part rate for any one class of service.
These minimum costs may come to $1 per month, more or less, for residential and small commercial customers, although they are substantially higher for large industrial users, who require more costly connections and metering devices.
Ch. 11.
This involves a sifting of the empirical and rational elements entering into each social science statement.
The uses of philosophy as a logical clearing house are manifest to any approach that does not descend to pure sensationalism.
Science is mocked for wishing to know nothing of Nothing, in a last ditch effort to save the gods at the expense of men.
In this connection, it might be noted that the theory of games was a mathematical discovery long before its uses in political science were exploited.
The dissection of scientific theory, the examination of a theory from the vantage-points of language, epistemology, and ethics, is itself a distinct contribution to knowledge, no less so because of its removal from empirical research.
The hypostatization of the secret nonetheless guarantees that the division of analytical and synthetic philosophies shall not be overcome by even the most persuasive argument;
Certain features we have touched upon: philosophy as a logical, deductive system from which a social science methodology can be built up;
Such pseudo-questions assume that answers of concrete significance can be supplied to statements involving undefined universals.
Without such uncertainty we are left with a set of dogmas and myths.
Now I do not think their view will do.
There are signs that it has struggled for days to escape and that in a frenzy of hunger, pain, and fear, it has all but eaten off its own leg.
badness, in the only sense in which it is involved at all, waited for its appearance till I came and looked and felt.
The second argument applies the method in the reverse way.
On the theory before us, such relief would be groundless, for in that suffering itself there was nothing bad at all, and hence in its nonoccurrence there would be nothing to be relieved about.
the positivists are plainly right in saying that such remarks do usually express feeling.
And if we can see that what we meant to say remains the same, while the feeling varies from intensity to near zero, it is not the feeling that we primarily meant to express.
"I have heard stories", he writes, "of the most terrible, the most unnatural actions, of the most monstrous murders, told with the most spontaneous, childishly merry laughter".
In such a case, any attitude would be as fitting or unfitting as any other, which means that the notion of fitness has lost all point.
This resulted in damage to the occipital lobe and very probably to the left side of the cerebellum also.
Therefore, if the sense of touch is functioning normally and there is a complete absence of spatial awareness in a psychically-blind person when the eyes are closed and an object is handled, the conclusion seems unavoidable that touch by itself cannot focus and take possession of the third-dimensionality of things and that actual sight or visual representations are necessary.
The authors insist, however, that these abnormalities in the sense of touch were due absolutely to no organic disorders in that sense faculty but rather to the injuries which the patient had sustained to the sense of sight.
or, to put the same thing in physiological terms, that the performance-capacity of the tactual apparatus, from the periphery up to the tactual centers in the brain, -- that is, from one end to the other -- was unimpaired".
at their edges they slipped pretty much out of focus altogether.
He was oblivious of the form of the object actually being viewed, precisely because he could not assign it to a visual shape, already learned and held in visual memory, as persons of normal vision do.
He evidently could not actually see the corners of these objects, but their size and the dots gave them away.
Whenever artists, indeed, turned to actual representations or molded three-dimensional figures, which were rare down to 800 B.C., they tended to reflect reality (see Plate 6a, 9b);
The ninth century was in its artistic work "the spiritually freest and most self-sufficient between past and future", and the loving skill spent by its artists upon their products is a testimonial to their sense that what they were doing was important and was appreciated.
but all too many observers have been misled by this fact into minimizing the degree of change which took place in the early first millennium.
By 800 B.C. the Aegean was an area of common tongue and of common culture.
if we could see more deeply, we probably would find many side issues and wrong turnings which came to an end within the period.
Figurines and simple chapels presage the emergence of sculpture and architecture in Greece;
The dominant pottery of the century was Geometric;
for the developments in these areas make sense only if they are connected to the age of revolution itself.
Beyond the aesthetic and technical aspects of this expansion we must consider the change in pottery style on broader lines.
Painters left less and less of a vase in a plain dark color;
Three weeks later, following his recovery, armed with a writ issued by the Catskill justice on affidavits prepared by the district attorney, Cook and Russell rode to arrest Martinez.
After spending two nights (Wednesday and Thursday) in Catskill, the deputies again headed for the Vermejo to finish their business.
Noticing Russell's horse in front of the long log building, he assumed his friend had slipped inside and would be able to put up a good fight, so he began working his way down the ditch to join him.
The officer demanded the names of the injured men;
By early summer, he wrote from Laramie that he was suffering from the wound inflicted in the ambush and was in a bad way financially, so Pels sent him a draft for $100, warning that it was still not wise for him to return.
Word reached the company that the man behind these depredations was Manuel Gonzales, a man with many followers, including a number who were kept in line through fear of him.
Again he refused.
Shot six or eight times the body was draped with Russell's pistol, belt, and cartridges.
If not, how long to order and what is the price"?
The 1946 town meeting voted to have the Selectmen appoint a committee to investigate and report on the feasibility of some system of sewage disposal and a disposal plant to serve Manchester Center, Depot, and Way's Lane.
In 1846 Matthew B. Goodwin, jeweler and watchmaker, became the town's first telegrapher in a dwelling he built for himself and his business "two doors north of the Equinox House" or "one door north of the Bank, Manchester, Vermont".
Besides being most convenient, the line "soon proved a good investment for the owners".
H. S. Walker, assistant superintendent.
This boosted local telegraph business and Manchester basked in all the free advertising.
This was extended the following year to include the railroad station agent's office and Thayer's Hotel at Factory Point.
In 1918 the New England Telephone Company began erecting a building to house its operations on the corner of U. S. Rte. 7 and what is now Memorial Avenue at Manchester Center.
electricity plays such an important part in community life today that it is difficult to envision a time when current was not available for daily use.
It was at the end of the sidewalk in front of the Dellwood Cemetery cottage.
The Colonial Light and Power Company was succeeded by the Vermont Hydro-Electric Corporation, which in turn was absorbed by the Central Vermont Public Service Corporation.
Secondly, to find a learned diversion and a pleasing joke in More's account of the stupid brutalities of early sixteenth century wars, of the anguish of the poor and dispossessed, of the insolence and cruelty of the rich and powerful requires a callousness toward suffering and sin that would be surprising in a moral imbecile and most surprising in More himself.
Only one other contemporary of More's evokes so immediate and direct a response, and only one other contemporary work -- Niccolo Machiavelli and The Prince.
To that question the answer is simple;
We are concerned not with the genus communism nor with other species of the genus: Platonic, Stoic, early Christian, monastic, canonist or theological communism;
And in the economy of the book it is not peripheral but central.
"The soil is common to all men.
Neither from one of these conceptions nor from a combination of them can it be deduced.
Consider the features of Utopian communism: generous public provision for the infirm;
During the Dorr trial the Democratic press condemned the proceedings and heralded Dorr as a martyr to the principles of the Declaration of Independence.
Upon receiving the news, Northern writers, editors, and clergymen heaped accusations of murder on the Southern states, particularly Virginia.
Concerning the sentence, Foss wrote, "If it be possible that mercy shall override vengeance and that John Brown's sentence shall be commuted to imprisonment, it would be well -- well for the country and for Virginia".
In reference to Brown's raid she wrote, "though we are non-resistants and religiously believe it better to reform by moral and not by carnal weapons, we know thee was anemated by the most generous and philanthropic motives".
The Woonsocket Patriot admitted that John Brown might deserve punishment or imprisonment "but he should no more be hung than Henry A. Wise or James Buchanan".
Extraordinary precautions were taken so that no stranger be allowed in the city and no citizen within the enclosure surrounding the scaffold.
The latter two were appointed secretaries.
By this time large numbers of the audience had left the hall.
Resolved, that we find in this fearful tragedy at Harper's Ferry a reason for more earnest effort to remove the evil of slavery from the whole land as speedily as possible.
The accumulation of such devices, however, soon had the effect of telescoping, even while separating, surface and depth.
But here again, the surface-declaring device both overshoots and falls short of its aim.
Yet the violent immediacy of the wallpaper strips pasted to the paper, and the only lesser immediacy of block capitals that simulate window lettering, manage somehow to push the grape cluster back into place on the picture plane so that it does not "jump".
Flatness may now monopolize everything, but it is a flatness become so ambiguous and expanded as to turn into illusion itself -- at least an optical if not, properly speaking, a pictorial illusion.
It was then that Picasso and Braque were confronted with a unique dilemma: they had to choose between illusion and representation.
Large planes juxtaposed with other large planes tend to assert themselves as independent shapes, and to the extent that they are flat, they also assert themselves as silhouettes;
This he did by using utterly literal means to carry the forward push of the collage (and of Cubism in general) literally into the literal space in front of the picture plane.
it removes forever from the tax rolls property which should be taxed to pay for the city services.
To light industry, the economies of being on one floor are much slighter, but efficiency engineers usually believe in them, and manufacturers looking for ways to cut costs cannot be prevented from turning to efficiency engineers.
Willow Run, General Electric's enormous installations at Louisville and Syracuse, the Pentagon, Boeing in Seattle, Douglas and Lockheed in Los Angeles, the new automobile assembly plants everywhere -- none of these is substantially served by any sort of conventional mass rapid transit.
While the factories were always the center of the labor market, they were often on the city's periphery.
In most discussions of this phenomenon, the figures are substantially inflated.
Just as the suburban factory may be more convenient than the downtown plant to the worker with a car, the trip to the shopping center may seem far easier than to the downtown department store, though both are the same distance from home.
If this analysis is correct, the suburban branches will turn out to be what management's cost accountants refuse to acknowledge, marginal operations rather than major factors.
At the same time, Roosevelt's Federal Housing Administration, coupled with Henry Morgenthau's cheap-money policy, permitted ordinary lower-middle-class families to build their own homes.
He left at his death sketches, drawn to scale, for the rest of the circle.
It was decided to strip the whole area down to the bricks, and to replace the rough coats up to one inch thickness to agree with the older artists'preparation, with a mortar, one part slaked lime, three parts sand, to be put on in two layers.
Later it was gratifying to note that they had set so solidly as to be hard to remove when the time came.
The mortar was three parts sand to two of lime.
This last was probably not in Brumidi's palette, but was needed to take the chill, bluish look off the new work next to the old, where softening effects of time were seen, even after thorough cleaning.
where, of Costaggini, only some foliage has been washed, at the point where his work stopped.
The photograph, Figure 1 of the completed frieze, shows how, having been separated from his fellows in useless isolation for eighty years, he has now been given a hand, and by juxtaposition (and the permission of the Committee), given a new job, to represent the witnesses of the first flight at Kitty Hawk in 1903.
No soap or other cleaning agent was used that might bring in unwanted chemical reactions.
These frescos have had no care for eighty years.
It is my hope that this written message and report will reach you through the good offices of the Union of Soviet Artists.
Almost as if I were talking about something quite unreal.
By themselves they may not be able to save the life on this planet, but without them there would be very little left worth saving.
The flowers on his grave attested to the fact that he as well was somebody's hero.
Theories of the behavior pattern of population masses were compared to scientific discoveries concerning the motion-pattern of gaseous masses.
Unfortunately she returned later, just as I had taken advantage of the friendlier atmosphere in the room by stating that perhaps an unexpected result of the Cultural Exchange Program would be the re-emergence of Abstract Art in Russia, with Social Realism regaining dominance in the U.S.
To save time, some clarification seemed necessary.
While we, as American artists, believe deeply in the universal character of all intellectual activity, we would be less than honest with you, or ourselves, if we failed to state a specific attitude toward our own society as well as the international community as a whole.
Even a hasty reader will easily find in it numerous blind spots, errors of fact and argument, important exclusions, areas of ignorance and prejudice, undue emphases on trivia, examples of broad positions supported by flimsy evidence, and the like.
There are more substantial criticisms to be made of Fromm's account of capitalist civilization.
Taking alienation as a dependent variable, with what socio-structural factors is it most highly associated?
For all these points he relies exclusively on Berle and Means's study of 1932, The Modern Corporation And Private Property.
What matters is that while Fromm's reading of the data is not the only one possible, it is precisely the one we would expect from a writer who earnestly believes that every man can and ought to be happy and satisfied.
The ambiguities suggested above stem from a more basic difficulty in Fromm's style of thought.
Thus, in the example cited above Fromm rests his whole case on the premise that the workers are being deprived unconsciously, unknowingly, of fulfillment, and then supports this with survey data reporting conscious, experienced frustrations.
There is a difference between evidence and illustration, and Fromm's citation of the other diagnosticians fits the latter category.
Turning from these problems of the use of evidence, one meets another type of difficulty in Fromm's analysis, which is his loose and ambiguous use of certain important terms.
Giving most of his musical continuity to the orchestra, he lets the speech fall into place as if by coincidence, but controlling the pace and emphasis of the words.
His calmness offers contrast to Grigori's youthful excitement.
Varlaam and Missail always appear together and often sing together, in a straightforward, rhythmically vigorous idiom that distinguishes them from the more subtle and well-educated Pimen.
(We can imagine how they startled audiences of the 1870's.
His speech shows none of the native accent of the Russian characters;
Rangoni begins by describing the sad state of the Church;
Her pride is as much at stake as her virtue;
This is the real protagonist of the drama;
The opening scene shows this method at its most individual.
In Pimen's cell the soft prayers of the monks, heard from offstage, not only help to set the scene but emphasize the contrast between young Grigori's thoughts and his situation.
The St. Basil's scene opens with little groups of beggars milling around the square, the ever present police keeping them under scrutiny.
"Seeing The Moon Rise" is dated August, 1927.
In the later poems, however, the personal tone predominates.
He had two productive periods, one in the late 1860's, the other in the decade from 1910 to 1920 (half of the dated poems are from the latter period, and these alone total about one-tenth of all Hardy's poems).
but resumed it later").
It may seem strange that a poet should come to full fruition in his seventies, but we have it on Hardy's own authority that "he was a child till he was sixteen, a youth till he was five-and-twenty, and a young man till he was nearly fifty" (Early Life, p. 42).
The language is the conventional language of the form;
"Neutral Tones" is an excellent example of Hardy's mature style, drawn from his earliest productive period;
they compose a painful elegy to what might have been, to a marriage that began with a promise of happiness, and ended in long years of suffering and hatred.
"Disaffiliation", by the way, is the term used by the critic and poet, Lawrence Lipton, who has written several articles on this subject, the first of which, in The Nation, quoted as Epigraph: "We disaffiliate.
I said, referring to the pretentious "Jazz Concert".
But this fluent, enchanting utterance had, compared with important artists of the past, relatively little content.
I believe rather that it is due to the catastrophic world in which that creativity seemed to be the sole value.
In the practice of their art, there is an obvious technical resemblance.
This is exactly what happened in the transition from baroque to rococo music.
Emotionally it does not resemble Berlioz or Wagner;
In modern jazz, the saxophone is treated as a woodwind and played with conventional embouchure.
Parker certainly had much more of an influence.
In the plastic arts, a very similar situation exists.
Often work of this sort is presented as calligraphy -- the pure utterance of the brush stroke seeking only absolute painteresque values.
A process of elimination which leaves the artist with nothing but the play of his materials themselves cannot sustain interest in either artist or public for very long.
he further reasoned that frequent formulas in epic verse indicate oral composition, and assumed the slightly less likely corollary that oral epic is inclined towards the use of formulas.
he must improvise continuously with no apparent effort.
Any example of grand or exquisite diction may have been created by the poet who compiled numerous lays into the two works we possess or may be due to one of his completely unknown fellow-craftsmen.
To the extent that a language is formulaic, its individual components must be regarded as no more distinguished than other cliches.
Nouns and adjectives in a written tradition are chosen for the nonce;
The poet's intentions are difficult to discern and, except to biographers, unimportant;
The account of the growth and final transcription of these epics rests partly, however, upon the degree to which they were formulaic.
Recent criticism of Great Expectations has tended to emphasize its symbolic and mythic content, to show, as M. D. Zabel has said of Dickens generally, that much of the novel's impact resides in its "allegoric insight and moral metaphor".
Pumblechook's "signature" is the perpetually extended glad hand.
As Pip agonizes over the theft that his own hands have committed, his guilty conscience projects itself upon the wooden finger of a local signpost, transforming it into "a phantom devoting me to the Hulks".
Orlick shakes his hand at Pip, bangs the table with his fist, draws his unclenched hand "across his mouth as if his mouth watered" for his victim, lets his hands hang "loose and heavy at his sides", and Pip observes him so intensely that he knows "of the slightest action of his fingers".
Pip's great expectations, his progress through illusion and disillusionment, turn, somewhat as they do for the naive hero of Dreiser's American Tragedy, upon the lure of genteel prosperity through unearned income -- what Wemmick calls "portable property" and what Jaggers reproaches Pip for letting "slip through (his) fingers".
The vulture-like attendance of the Pocket family upon Miss Havisham is summed up in the hypocritical gestures of Miss Camilla Pocket, who puts her hand to her throat in a feigned spasm of grief-stricken choking, then lays it "upon her heaving bosom" with "an unnatural fortitude of manner", and finally kisses it to Miss Havisham in a parody of the lady's own mannerism toward Estella.
Certain Autocoder statements make provision for more parameters than may be contained in the operand (columns 21 - 75) of a single line on the Autocoder coding sheet.
Reservation of index words and electronic switches
The initial setting of the availability table indicated that the index word or electronic switch was not available for assignment.
1.
Otherwise, symbolic names may have previously been assigned to these same index words.
As noted in Appendix C, index words 97 through 99 are never available for assignment to symbolic names by the compiler;
The DC statement is used to name and enter constants into the object program.
It cannot, however, be referred to by electronic switch commands, e.g., ESN, BSN, etc.
A DUF entry must be supplied for every unit record file describing the type of file and the unit record equipment to be used.
The entry DIOCS must be written exactly as shown.
The high cost of land and a few operational problems resulting from excessive loadings have created the need for a wastewater treatment system with the operational characteristics of the oxidation pond but with the ability to treat more organic matter per unit volume.
Red Bridge Subdivision
At the same time further expansion in the Red Bridge Subdivision required the construction of additional sewage treatment facilities.
Initially, the wastewater would be entirely from the shopping center with the domestic sewage from the houses increasing over an 18-month period.
Weekly samples would make any changes more readily discernible than daily samples.
The BOD of the raw sewage was typical of domestic sewage from a subdivision.
With the spring rains the flow rose rapidly due to infiltration in open sewers.
The increase in oxygen uptake rates from 1.2 to 2.6 mg/l/hr which followed an increase in rotor speed was believed to be related to resuspension of solids which had settled at the lower rotor speeds.
The bacteria formed typical activated sludge floc.
One of the important aspects of this study was to determine the oxygen transfer relationships of the mechanical aerator.
The maximum rate of oxygen transfer at 1.0 mg/l dissolved oxygen was calculated as 220 lb/day at a maximum rate of 9.3 Aj.
The daily sewage volume to the oxidation pond averaged 147,000 gpd, giving a retention period of 42 days.
Surface forces have been used to provide defense zones around naval and merchant ship formations, air to furnish area surveillance, and mines for protection of limited areas.
Necessity for an over-all concept
An over-all concept would have other advantages.
Therefore, a broad concept of over-all submarine defense is needed for co-ordination of the Navy's efforts, for a logical presentation to the public, for industry's guidance, and as a basis for a program to the Congress.
Destruction of the enemy's building and base complex, however, requires attacks on enemy territory, which is possible only in event of all-out hostilities.
Its speed has increased, it operates at increasingly greater depths, its submerged endurance is becoming unlimited, and it will become even more silent.
Conceivably the submarine defense problem can be solved by sufficient forces.
To this point the need for an over-all plan for submarine defense has been demonstrated, the mission has been stated, broad principles delineating its content laid down, and the supporting elements listed.
In submarine defense these must have maximum stress.
All capabilities must be used to maximum advantage then.
They are still considered to be for use in restricted waters, however, and targets must come within a few yards of them.
The advantages inherent in mine warfare justify as great an importance for this element as is accorded any of the other elements.
The submarine has become increasingly attractive as an antisubmarine weapon system.
Preliminary evidence tentatively indicates that the molecule (metabolite 1)) is cleaved at a secondary amide bond.
Furthermore, the hydrolysis of paraoxon was studied in mammalian sera, and it was found that it is hydrolyzed by albumin (or a factor attached to it) in addition to arylesterase.
-- This investigation involved several aspects.
A water-soluble protein of quite low molecular weight (ca. 10,000) has also been found in this system and partly characterized.
The simple time-temperature equivalence valid for many amorphous systems did not hold here.
The silicate fractions of stony meteorites show gallium / germanium ratios similar to those of tektites because they too have undergone melting at some point in their histories.
This crater contains impact glass with no metallic inclusions and no meteoritic material has been recovered.
During the past year, these ligands have yielded some unusual five-coordinate complexes of nickel (2) and some interesting binuclear phosphorus-bridged complexes of palladium (2) (see figure), as well as new compounds of the well-known type Af.
In continuation of these theoretical studies, a more precise elucidation of the effects of imperfections in network structure is sought.
The complex morphology of polycrystalline homopolymers is necessarily dependent on the same factor.
The preparation of such products is not new, but the systems heretofore employed in polymerizations have commanded considerable experimental skill and starting materials of a high purity.
Numerous cooperating individuals in Great Britain, Holland, the United States, and Belgium have contributed editorially or by making calculations.
The Barker system is based on the use of the smallest number of interfacial angles necessary for indexing purposes.
Currency:
An alphabetical list of chemical and mineralogical names with reference numbers enables one to find a particular crystal description.
The present edition of crystal data was written by J.D.H. Donnay, the Johns Hopkins University, Baltimore, Md. (Part 2)) and Werner Nowacki, University of Berne, Switzerland (Part 1)) with the collaboration of Gabrielle Donnay, U. S. Geological Survey, Washington, D. C.
(Metal data will not be included in the second edition, since these have been collected independently by W. B. Pearson, National Research Council, Ottawa, and published as A handbook of lattice spacings and structures of metals and alloys by Pergamon Press.
The vast number of compounds to be covered, the limited resources to do the job, and the immediate need for this type of compilation precluded a thorough evaluation of all available data in the present edition.
The compounds are divided according to composition into seven categories.
organization:
Criticality:
Format:
The work consists of four sections and 5 supplements.
Volume 1, was completed in 1941 and published in 1944.
minerals.
) An authentic diffraction pattern is always obtained and optical properties are frequently checked.
References are given at the end of each mineral description and a general index is given at the end of each volume.
Ray Pepinsky is the Director.
The first stage of operation has centered on the literature imaging of critical or summarizing tabulations such as the Barker Index.
Because individual classes of foods differ in their requirements for preservation, a number of methods have been developed over the years involving one or a combination of procedures such as dehydration, fermentation, salting, chemical treatment, canning, refrigeration, and freezing.
Of special concern is the growth of bacteria such as Clostridium botulinum which generate poisonous products.
Less severe thermal treatment as by blanching or scalding serves to inactivate enzymes.
2.
Moreover, the nutritive value of irradiated foods apparently undergoes little, if any, change, although some of the fat-soluble vitamins are affected by sterilization doses.
Conventional energy for processing foods is available in the range of at most a few cents per kwhr for electric power and the equivalent of a few mills per kwhr for process steam.
For them, providing appetizing food under battle or emergency conditions is a paramount consideration.
The radiation processing of meat has received extensive investigation.
Cooked beef irradiated in the absence of oxygen assumes an unnatural pink color.
Costs of canning meat are in the range of 0.8 to 5 cents per pound;
Results of irradiation tests with poultry have been quite successful.
The force required to accomplish removal is plotted, by means of an electronic recorder, against distance of removal.
If the coating becomes still thicker, a peeling type failure finally can occur.
Presumably the interfacial bond strength and gross cohesive properties are identical in each case.
Af is the force required to cut a coating of thickness T from the substrate.
Consequently, both the rake angle of the knife as well as the friction occurring between the back of the removed coating and the front of the knife will determine in large part the detailed mechanism of the cutting removal process.
Blunt knife
Softer knives would blunt very rapidly, making the value of Af inexact.
.
By studying high speed movies made of this type of failure, the sequence of relationships as schematically illustrated in Fig. 9 could be observed.
Within only a few years, foamed plastics materials have managed to grow into an integral, and important, phase of the plastics industry -- and the end is still not yet in sight.
Most manufacturers also seem to be concentrating on formulating fire-resistant or self-extinguishing grades of urethane foam that are aimed specifically at the burgeoning building markets.
Better "hand", a more luxurious feel, and better insulating properties were claimed to be the result.
and use of the foam for garment interlining is only now getting off the ground, with volume potential in the offing.
It is possible that the polyether foams may soon be molded on a production basis in low-cost molds with more intricate contours and with superior properties to latex foam.
This latter figure compares with latex foam rubber at an average of 5.5 lb. / cu. ft. in commercial grades.
The K factor, a term used to denote the rate of heat transmission through a material (B.t.u./sq. ft. of material/hr./*0F./in. of thickness) ranges from 0.24 to 0.28 for flexible urethane foams and from 0.12 to 0.16 for rigid urethane foams, depending upon the formulation, density, cell size, and nature of blowing agents used.
) Exceptional tensile strength is another of urethane foam's strong features.
Much has been done in the way of ingenious slitters to fabricate the slab stock into finished products.
Closed molding generally resulted in parts weighing more (because of higher density) than parts fabricated from free-blown foams.
Sixty lbs. loading is possible but 40 lbs. is adequate.
By this procedure rinsing progresses in two stages, first by dilution until the time when the drains are separated and thereafter by displacement of the soil-bearing liquor by clean rinse water, since soiled liquor squeezed from the specimens at the nip passes directly to waste from the suds box drains.
These tests are not accelerated and must be repeated to evaluate dimensional changes after repeated launderings.
Apparatus and materials
A domestic automatic washer that will give equivalent results may be used.
Pen and ink, indelible -- or other suitable marking device.
A perforated aluminum plate, used to provide the drying surface, is heated by means of a flatiron.
Three specimens for each sample to be tested are required in order to arrive at a satisfactory average of performance.
Distances of less than 10 inches are not recommended.
Measure and record.
Start the wash wheel and note the time.
This procedure is repeated for the second rinse, using the temperatures and time shown in Columns F and E of Table 2.
High-gain, photoelectronic image intensification is applied under conditions of low incident light levels whenever the integration time required by a sensor or recording instrument exceeds the limits of practicability.
Channel-type image intensifiers are capable of achieving high-gain values;
The electron optical system may be either a magnetic or electrostatic one.
After these theoretical considerations, constructional details of a fiber-coupled, double-stage X-ray image intensifier will be discussed.
Both the photocathode and the image plane of such an electrode configuration are curved concave as seen from the anode aperture.
In general, P is a function of V and the current density, but it shall here be assumed as a constant.
end (Fresnel reflection) losses (R);
A sufficiently good approximation for determining the end reflection losses R can be obtained from the angle independent Fresnel formula: Af.
This relatively high value is probably due to the small fiber diameters increasing the number of internal reflections.
Thus, the combined efficiency of the elements replaced by the two fiber plates (with a combined efficiency of 0.25) is 0.043 or about six times less than that of the two fiber plates.
The resolution limitations for a single stage are given by the inherent resolution of the electron optical system as well as the resolution capabilities of the cathodoluminescent viewing screen.
The possibility of a space charge blowup of the screen crossover of the elementary electron bundles has been pointed out.
The set of all decisions is called the operating policy or, more simply, the policy.
the way in which the transformation of state depends on the operating variables for the main types of reactors is discussed in the next chapter.
To proceed from one stage to the next a sufficient number of feed states must be investigated to allow for interpolation;
Suppose that Af, and that the average operation requires only Af sec.
These will be numbered in the direction opposite to the flow of the process stream, so that stage R is the T stage from the end.
The objective function, which is to be maximized, is some function, usually piecewise continuous, of the product state.
The sequence of equations (6) can be solved for Af when Af is known, and clearly Af, the maximization being over all admissible Af.
It may be that the objective function depends not only on Af but also on Af, as when the cost of the operating policy is considered.
This is specified by a distribution function Af such that the probability that Af lies in some region D of the stage space is Af.
2.4 the continuous deterministic process
This is normally termed the gyro input axis, 90-degrees away from the gyro output or **yj axis.
The platform is initially off level by the angle Aj.
In addition, the cutoff frequency for input accelerations is approximately proportional to the servo loop gain;
This technique causes the system to respond only to low frequency acceleration components such as the platform tilt.
Practical leveling considerations.
Manual leveling requires an appropriate display of the accelerometer outputs.
Platform heading consists of orienting the sensitive axis of the accelerometers parallel to the desired coordinate system of the navigator.
A mirror is mounted on each accelerometer so that the plane of the mirror is perpendicular to the sensitive axis of the unit.
However, this difficulty is not too serious if it is realized that a surveying team can establish a true north base line with a few days'work.
Information is also available from this autocollimator system to set the drift bias for the Z-axis gyro.
The accelerometers are mounted rigidly on the platform.
The earth is spinning at an angular velocity **zq equal to one revolution per 24 hr.
Scotty's father sat sprawled in his chair, angular, alert as a cricket, looking about at the huge stainless-steel appointments of the room with an expression of proprietorship.
He said more loudly, "I'm full, old Pop".
Even his neck seemed thicker and, therefore, shorter.
The doctors had suggested Scotty remain most of every afternoon in bed until he was stronger.
Thirty-four
Both watched Scotty constantly, Rachel without seeming to, Virginia openly, her eyes filled with concern.
He had not mentioned Kate.
Kate's all right".
The doctor, since Scotty was no longer allowed to make his regular trips into town to see him, came often and informally to the house.
"Oh.
"I'll drop by again in a few days".
He felt her irritability did not concern him, yet he knew he would not care even if it did.
She was frowning.
Scotty said, "I don't know".
His father was a constant visitor.
It required an energy he no longer possessed to be satirical about his father.
He looked at the lined face with vague interest;
The raped valley was a pregnant womb awaiting abortion.
He hadn't realized that there would be so much time to think, so many lulls.
He saw no life, but still stood there for a time peering at the unlovely hills, his gaze continually returning to Papa-san.
Prevot had briefed the two new men that afternoon.
Then began the journey through their own mine fields.
Mines.
"It's safe", Prevot had said, "and it provides cover for our noise".
The dark forms moved like mourners on some nocturnal pilgrimage, their dirge unsung for want of vocal chords.
The patrol was stopping.
This he placed within quick reach.
the rough surface of the earth itself seemed to resist every attempt on his part to relax.
They visited the shipyards at Brest and Pierre had to sign the register, vouching for the integrity of the visiting foreigner.
"Doesn't it ever bother you", Warren had asked, "to have people always asking you about your hands"?
I think, too", he said, his dark eyes mischievous, "that you will find there some clue to the secret of the cathedrals about which you have spoken".
This was one place where Moonan could go for a drink in a back booth without anyone noticing him, or at least coming up and hanging around and wanting to know all the low-down.
It's like focusing a camera;
But not in front of Trig.
He wasn't troubled with the ordinary, rank-and-file fear that overcomes and paralyzes and sends individual soldiers and whole companies under fire running in panic.
There was a lot of shooting.
Jane asked in her placid, interested way.
He thought how this dainty, fragile older woman threading her way through the streets of Westminster on a day in June, enjoying the flowers in the shops, the greetings from old friends, but never really drawing a deep, passionate breath, was so like himself.
From his room he could look out in springtime and see the couples hand in hand walking slowly, deliciously, across the campus, and he could smell the sweet vernal winds.
perhaps it was just.
He suspected something underhanded and furtive about him.
the pattern of the Oriental rug, the delicate cut-glass chandelier.
I can do business with that kind".
Old Chris is my ideal.
I've got a quarter of a million Germans in my state, and those krautheads tune in on Father Werther every night, and if he tells them to go out and piss in the public square, that's what they do.
Wilson came by train from Birmingham and looked the city over;
He was a loud-voiced man, once vigorous but for many years now declining in strength and ability.
To most of those who composed the Amen corner it was a magnificent and beautiful experience, something for which they lived from week to week.
First of all there was the parsonage, an utterly impossible place for civilized people to live in, originally poorly conceived, apparently not repaired for years, with no plumbing or sewage, with rat-holes and rot.
Meanwhile, the city itself should be talked to.
Wilson inquired about it.
Dives, carefully repaired huts, and nicely painted and ornamented cottages were jumbled together cheek by jowl with little distinction.
In fact, he intimated clearly that that was the reason that Wilson had been sent here -- to make a larger contribution of dollar money.
But when this proposal was made to his Deacon Board, he met unanimous opposition.
Tenements, stores, saloons, some gambling, I hope not too much.
And he dismissed the colored pastor.
"My dear, you must be mistaken".
And yet Wilson knew that this place must go or he must go.
No one would question such an errand.
He was thinking chiefly of Cap.
He did not really want to kill, but as in the sexual act, there was a moment when the impulse took over and could not be downed, even while you watched yourself giving way to it.
At the top of the stairs he ran into somebody standing there angrily in a dressing gown.
It made no sound.
He was merely clearing a way to what he had to do.
Nobody said anything.
He was only dreaming.
He rode on and on.
In Boston, Edwin Booth was winding up a performance of A New Way To Pay Old Debts.
They made the world seem friendly somehow, though he knew it was not.
The stage had been empty, except for Harry Hawk, doing his star monologue.
Then the audience saw a small, dim figure appear at the edge of the Presidential box.
He did not lower his arm.
It was what anyone who had ever seen her had always expected her to do.
Laura Keene brushed by him with the glass of water.
Somehow Dr. Charles Leale was forced through the mob and squeezed out into the dingy corridor.
But the stranger was nimbler still.
The man uttered a weird cry, spun about, and collapsed in the sand.
Instantly, he chilled.
"Stevie, wake up now!
Bong!
Bong!
"There's a tower and a steeple on the church a million feet high.
The Dutch Reformed Church, with two steeples and its own school was on Main Street;
He was fortunate, and proud.
South of Laurel Grove Cemetery, and below the junction of the Neversink and the Delaware, was the Tri-State Rock, from which Stevie could spy New Jersey and Pennsylvania, as well as New York, simply by spinning around on his heel.
"He'll make a preacher out of you"!
Ludie could be hateful.
Would Papa really die?
He strove to think of God and His eternal wrath;
It would summon him once;
But he was good.
He shouted, and was aghast at the echoes.
The great spire shone as if the lightning had polished it.
Ludie chewed roofer's tar.
He wondered whether God had a dog in the sky.
Rich people went to Delaware House, Opera House, American House or Fowler House.
She was a juicy one.
If only the fucken weather wasn't so lousy!
But he soon saw which way the ball was bouncing.
Normal, by God.
His eyes blinked hard, snapping on and squashing some bad things that were trying to push their way into him.
The word also made him feel hate, sincere hate, for those so labeled.
He saw himself before them delivering the speech.
He was tingling within.
He braced himself.
His old self.
No one is stupid.
Why me?
Knows the score With a supreme effort, he broke it off.
Jesus!
It was nothing, though his heart was thumping wildly.
Goddamn it.
They'd cut their mothers'belly open.
Quick -- Quick -- now"!
Why didn't he drop dead?
How long, buddy"?
Capitalism rots from the core.
Goddammit.
He was sitting on top of a log which was spinning round and around in the water.
Why should he be concerned?
He refuses to believe that the bandit chief never attended a higher institution.
How cruel!
His operatic music had little merit.
"You must make an opera out of this material".
That would be too much!
And everyone went to work to learn the parts which he wrote.
The musicians of the Royal Opera would not rehearse a work merely to see how it would sound.
To that Rousseau could agree.
"What else could I do?
But they, naturally, kept his secret well, and the public at large knew only of a great excitement in musical and court circles.
"Why not"?
And Madame De Pompadour".
And those without beards would have stood out as not dressed for the occasion.
Could he walk out in the midst of his piece?
I think you could have heard him a mile away, and he was bursting at every seam with importance.
I wanted to wipe my flint, but I didn't dare to, the state my hands were in, just as I didn't dare to do anything about the priming.
Half crazed by the weight dragging, the dust, and the heat, the horse leaped our wall, dashing out the rider's brains against it, and leaving him lying there among us -- while the horse crashed away through the brush.
In the very front rank, two men were wounded and staggered along, trailing blood behind them.
the next a headless horror on a horse that bolted through the redcoat ranks, and during the next second or two, we all of us fired into the suddenly disorganized column of soldiers.
Later we realized that the redcoats had stopped their charge at the wall.
We were less than a quarter of a mile from the road, and we could trace its shape from the ribbon of powder smoke and dust that hung over it.
"It makes sense.
Three men were around him.
Drunkenness was no longer tolerated.
John stiffened in anger.
"We all know that Jake Camaret and the woman are brazenly living together.
John's thoughts raced painfully into the past as he read the letter he had just received from his sister Mary.
But he had to follow the light.
There were several on the Council who tried to live like Christians.
How long?
John found it difficult, but he held him in check.
We will have righteousness"!
"John?
Two Anabaptists, Caroli and Benoit, are to challenge you and William to a debate before the Council.
But Michael Sept had unmasked him, revealing he had never been a bishop, but was an Anabaptist, afraid to state his faith, because he knew John Calvin had written a book against their belief that the soul slept after death.
We will not yield to the demands of Bern"!
"Are you going to comply with the demands of Bern"?
When he felt the side of his head, his fingers came away covered with blood.
One, more horrible than the rest, lunged, growling deep in his throat, his hair bristling.
On such occasions he had not had the courage to look at the face above the hand, whatever face it might be.
He looked out of the tent at the company street.
He knew the faces of all, hairy or shaven, old or young, fat or thin, suffering or hardened, sad or gay, good or bad.
If only Simms Purdew could do that, whatever the thing he remembered and told.
Adam stared at the door and remembered that Simms Purdew had been awarded the Medal of Honor for gallantry at Antietam.
Moisture ran down the cheeks, gathered at the tip of the nose, and at the chin.
"Slice o'mutton"?
It came again and again.
Then he --
"
He thought of Simms Purdew snoring on his bunk while Pullen James crouched by the hearth, skirmishing an undershirt for lice, and a wet log sizzled.
He thought: Only in my heart can I make the world hang together.
"What is it"?
It is the same ole same, tell me its name.
He demanded.
"Y'all wanna walk -- walk", he said.
The comfort was short-lived, yet she found herself returning to the assurance whenever her imagination forced images on her too awful to contemplate without the prop of illusion.
"Yes, I know, Fritzie.
Selena was the wrong woman for these crudities.
She answered him precisely, missing not a beat in her scrutiny of the financial reports.
McFeeley greeted the parents, then studied his notebook.
"Few crank calls", McFeeley said.
Amy still missing.
In contrast to the caravan of the previous night, there were only four cars parked across the street.
Inside, as soon as Mr. Skopas had disclosed -- in a hoarse whisper -- the detective's errand, his family gathered in a huddle, forming a mass of dark flesh on and around a brocaded sofa which stood at one side of a baroque fireplace.
yes, they had let some reporters use their phone, but they would no longer.
All four remained impacted on the sofa until he had left.
She had a dried-out quality -- a gray, lean woman, not unattractive.
"I hit him in the ass once".
butter;
At the same time, his voice betrayed uncertainty about their being here, and conveyed an appeal to whatever is reasonable, peace-loving, and dependable in everybody.
Through the open window they heard sounds below in the street: cartwheels, a tired horse's plodding step, voices.
He realized that he had no idea where the telephone was.
In the room next to theirs was a huge cradle, of mahogany, ornately carved and decorated with gold leaf.
Professor Cestre, could it be?
Beethoven's Fifth was the one on top.
The concierge called out to them as they were passing through the foyer.
Looked at everything.
Barbara asked, as they heard the front door close.
He went down the hall to Eugene's bathroom, to turn on the hot-water heater, and on the side of the tub he saw a pair of blue wool swimming trunks.
But where do people go swimming in Paris?
Also, he was so nice when he was nice".
Fortunately, the embarrassing questions raised by objects do not need to be answered, or we would all have to go sleep in the open fields.
When might Mary have had that moment to hold her child on her lap?
In his sculpture therefore it would not be possible for him to project anything of what Jesus felt for his mother;
Visually, these approximated what he was feeling within himself.
They can have as much tactile appeal as flesh and bone".
When Michelangelo explained why he had come, Rabbi Melzi replied gravely:
"I am working for the Cardinal of San Dionigi.
I will send you the best the quarter has to offer".
But at the end of the sitting, when Michelangelo showed him the quick, free drawings, with the mother roughed in, holding her son, the model grasped what Michelangelo was after, and promised to speak to his friends.
He spent concentrated weeks putting his two figures together: a Mary who would be young and sensitive, yet strong enough to hold her son on her lap;
Yet he never allowed these models to become fixed in his mind;
water boiling on the fire for washing laundry every day, the pots scoured with river sand after each meal.
Grumbled Michelangelo;
Argiento made him lie down on the bed, brought a pan of hot water, dipped some clean white linen cloth and applied it to extract the splinter.
He told Argiento to take a bird out of the cage, cut a large vein under its wing, let the blood gush into Michelangelo's injured eye.
When he told her God had called the child to Him, she rejected his words rebelliously.
In blind panic of grief she accepted Jonathan's dictum, and believed in her desperation that she had been cursed by God.
The Federal forces had taken Parkersburg and Grafton from the Rebels and were moving to take all the mountains.
Joel knew what he was about, however.
Stranger, Uncle Randolph began riding home nights with a jug strapped to his saddle, drunkenly singing "Old Dan Tucker" at the top of his voice.
Whenever she found time, she went blackberry picking with him, and they would come home together, mouths purple, arms and faces scratched, tired enough to forget grief for another day.
"Cleaned all them Rebs out'n the hills, they did!
Rumor of a big battle spread like a grassfire up the valley.
The week after Manassas the sound of horses in the yard brought Kate up in shock from an afternoon's rest when she saw the Federal soldiers from her upstairs window.
"I stopped to say goodbye, Mrs. Lattimer, and to tell you how sorry I was to hear about your baby.
Their eyes betrayed too much of their emotions, she thought sadly.
"What do you want to do"?
The two in the bed knew each other as old people know the partners with whom they have shared the same bed for many years, and they needed to say no more.
She came to the ballroom and stood on the two carpeted steps that led down to it.
Martha picked up the hem of her gown and with eyes closed she slowly began to dance a stately minuet around the ballroom.
Strange how everything here fitted back into his life, even if he had been away so long.
-- flapped as it ran.
Chapter 10
The morning hawk, hungry for any eatable, killable, digestible item, kept his eyes on the ring of anchored ships that lay off the shores in the bay, sheltered by the Jersey inlets.
Across the bay the Palisades were heavy in green timber;
The road seemed animated with a few more wagons than usual;
He hoped he was free of self-deception.
Yet some, like Morris Manderscheid, would bankrupt themselves for the new ideas.
David began to shave with great sweeping strokes.
In the meadow below, militia officers shouted at their men and on King's Bridge two boys sat fishing.
Tolek Alterman had returned from the colonies in Palestine and, before the national leadership, exalted the miracles of drying up swamps and irrigating the desert.
"I do not care if your beliefs take you along a path of religion or a path of labor or a path of activism.
He loathed the idea of drying up swamps or the chills of malaria or of leaving his natural birthright.
"Miss Rak.
Only Palestine, and I will never live to see Palestine because I did not believe.
The Bathyrans were all gone.
A bevy of interlacing lagers, work camps, concentration camps erupted in the area.
As the camp emptied, it was refilled by a draining of the camps and towns around Lublin, then by deportees from outside Poland.
"Captain Androfski"!
"Remember to call me Jan", Andrei said.
Nothing like the old days in the army, but I get by.
I told him you are on orders from the Home Army to get inside Majdanek so you can make a report to the government in exile in London".
"I don't know.
But my captain might have been a Jew, but he wasn't a Jew.
The men of your company would not allow your name dishonored.
"I'm still a soldier in a very small way, Styka".
Grabski looked at the pair of them.
"Orders from the Home Army".
"You get the rest when I'm safely out of Majdanek".
It was just me and Eileen getting drunk together like we used to in the old days, and me staring at her across the table crazy to get my hands on her partly because I wanted to wring her neck because she was so ornery but mostly because she was so wonderful to touch.
"You know I don't like my men to have other women.
"Precious.
"That really would be funny".
I was stumbling in my undershirt trying to find my way around her damn kitchenette when I smelt that sickish sweet hairtonic smell.
Exboyfriend meet exhusband".
First thing I knew he was in the kitchenette cooking up the breakfast and I was handing Eileen her coffeecup and she was lying there handsome as a queen among her courtiers.
That finished me with Thelma.
Eileen had a wonderful way of not listening to things she didn't want to hear.
He always seemed to have money in his pocket.
She just wouldn't listen.
He had the same bullet head of curly reddish hair but he didn't have Jim's pokerfaced humor or his brains or his charm.
How about me trying to help her get her job back?
Before he left town Pat saw to it that I was fixed up with a job.
For once radicalism was a recommendation.
He was not sure how much of this desire was due to his devotion to the church and how much was his own ego, demanding to be satisfied, for the two were intertwined and could not be separated.
He was allowed to spend his nights at an inn near the hospital and he was given some extra money to go to the pachinko parlor -- an excellent place to make contact with the enemy.
he knew the fundamentals, and after studying with Fletcher for a time he approached Rector, announced that he wanted to be baptized and that was that.
Rector had no doubt that Hino would come back from the village bursting with information, ready to impart it with his customary gusto, liberally embellished with his active imagnation.
"This afternoon", the secretary said.
The secretary sighed with relief and then the telephone clicked in Rector's hand.
A good initial impression would be important now.
He beckoned to her from the door and she slipped quietly outside.
I want to create the impression of a compound full of children.
It was going to take a lot of activity to fill it.
He went on to explain what he had in mind.
Then Rector, attired in his best blue serge suit, sat in a chair out on the lawn, in the shade of a tree, smoking a cigarette and waiting.
His lordship was concerned in the management of Drury Lane but, if there were no opportunities there, would he read and criticize her novel?
At their meeting he told her not to bother about "where" -- he would attend to that.
Naked girls danced in the chancel of the Abbey, the youngest and seemingly the most innocent being chosen to read a sermon filled with veiled depravities.
To be passive, to be girlishly shy was palpably absurd.
"What about the bedroom"?
"The great Greek tragedies are concerned with man against Fate, not man against man for the prize of a woman's body.
I don't ask you who'tis you're being unfaithful to, husband or lover.
Her lips, moist and parted, spoke his name.
He rose and went to the bedroom.
Demanded Mary.
Alastor was published only to be savagely attacked, contemptuously ignored.
There will be thousands who will thrill to the loveliness of Alastor.
The lordly poet was at low-water mark.
Beckworth handed the pass to the colonel.
It's got to stop.
It stood some fifty paces from the edge of the bank.
Watson hardly looked at him.
Watson had nodded absently and muttered that he would check the lists himself later.
The soldier answered in a curious, muffled voice, his lips barely moving.
He stopped pacing, leaned against the dank, timbered wall and let his mind drift.
Prompted by a guilty urge, he had disobeyed the order of a man he respected.
Watson ran up the ladder and stood for a second sucking in the cool air that smelled of mud and river weeds.
Four men were knocked down, but did not attempt to rise.
His steps were short and stiff, and, with his head thrown back, his progress was a supercilious strut.
Watson watched the creeping figure.
Watson raced for him, his boots slamming the soft earth.
Watson bent awkwardly and lifted the man to his feet.
How far could it be, Watson thought bleakly, how far can a blind man crawl?
-- Why, course I can.
He promised to take me.
Watson snatched a deep breath.
No, nor later.
His name had been crossed off a list.
Let him chafe with impatience to see Charles, rip open the note with trembling hands and read the formal report in Hillman's beautiful, schoolmaster's hand.
I can see it from this window where I write.
Twenty years ago, she would have been known as a golf widow, and the sum of her manner was perhaps one of bereavement.
The boundless blue air was stretched over the zenith like the skin of a drum.
Mrs. Horowitz was in charge of diseases of the nose and throat.
The contributions were ahead of what she had got the previous year, and while the money, of course, was not hers, it excited her to stuff her kit with big checks.
But the Blevins were away;
Her hair was dyed, and her bloom was fading, and she must have been crowding forty, but she seemed to be one of those women who cling to the manners and graces of a pretty child of eight.
"I am terribly sorry to keep you waiting", she said, "but won't you make yourself a little drink while you wait?
The only way to find things is to relax".
she had made no friends.
Her voice shook with feeling, and he thought it lovely.
"I had a drink with the Flannagans".
He loved them.
There are, he thought, so few true means of forgetfulness in this life that why should he shun the medicine even when the medicine seemed, as it did, a little crude?
"Please come down as soon as you conveniently can", the upright letters stalked from the broad-nibbed pen, "I have an important matter to discuss with you".
Angelina placed the tray on the table and with a flick of dark wrist drew off the cloth.
"Yes", she said, "I remember that they came here every summer.
There's no greater catastrophe in the universe, she reflected dourly, impaling tender green beans on the silver fork, than the dwindling away of a family.
Here, too, she talked low, quirking her head at one or another of the places, most often at Izaak's armchair which faced her across the long table.
The brothers drove down together in Mark's small red sports car, Mark at the wheel.
The boyhood summers preceding their uncle's funeral might never have been.
His sandy hair was already beginning to thin and recede at the sides, and Abel looked quickly away.
Abel ignored the half-expressed bid for confirmation.
"The Starbird," Abel said.
Mark stopped the car and switched off the lights and they sat looking at the water, which, there being no moon out, at first could be distinguished from the sky only by an absence of stars.
The covers slid down his skinny neck so I saw his head, fuzzed like a dandelion gone to seed, but his face was turned to the wall -- there was the pale shadow of his nose on the plaster -- and I thought, Well you don't look much like a pig-drunk bully now.
I knew better but I was thinking of the Pedersen kid mother-naked in all that dough.
He told me to wake you".
"Pedersen"?
"I ain't hid nothing in the crib".
What did he come for, hey?
Out".
Out.
That pot put Pa in an awful good humor whenever he thought of it.
Did you get the whisky"?
"You'd best get that whisky".
"Pa don't care about the kid".
Not Pedersen's kid neither.
It should have been nearly as easy for her to remember that as it was for Big Hans to remember going after the axe while he was still spattered with Pa's yellow sick insides.
She had surprised Hans like she had surprised me when she said she'd go, and then she surprised him again when she came back so quick like she must have, because when I came in with the snow she was there with a bottle with three white feathers on its label and Hans was holding it angrily by the throat.
Ma had found one of Pa's hiding places.
If he found out Ma found it -- that'd be bad.
That's what he needs, something warm to his skin, don't he"?
"Here, help me prop him up.
The skin on his neck was tight.
"Don't hold him like that.
I had my arm behind his back.
a pile of wire cages for mice from his time as a geneticist and a microscope lying on its side on the window sill, vertical steel columns wired for support to the open ceiling beams with spidery steel cantilevers jutting out into the air, masonry constructions on the floor from the time he was inventing his disastrous fireplace whose smoke would pass through a whole house, visible all the way up through wire gratings on each floor.
There are, after all, fortunate souls who hear everything, but only know how to listen to what is good for them, and Stowey was, as things go, a fortunate man.
an explosive laugh which always carried everything before it.
"Now drive carefully, for God's sake"!
She walked back to the house and entered, feeling herself returning, sensing some kind of opportunity in the empty building.
Then she fell asleep again as soddenly as a person with fever, and when she awoke it was dark outside and the clarity was back in her eyes.
There was no room for company in the tiny Weaning House (where the Albright boys always took their brides, till they could get a house and a farm of their own).
When they first married he had been working in the fields all day, and she would get in the car and drive to wherever he was working, to take him a fresh hot meal.
but they might as well unpack their suitcases, for she might linger on.
Off and on, all day, someone would be wiping at the powdery gray dust that settled over everything.
Cousin John"!
Carrying it to the living room, she imagined the picture she made: tall and roundly slim, a bit sophisticated in her yellow sheath, with a graceful swingy walk that she had learned as a twirler with the school band.
"Oh yes", Mama laughed.
He got in the oil business out at Odessa and lucked into some money".
"Listen, I never had a chance to kill an antelope.
"We're going after ice", Howard said, "and thought maybe you'd go along and keep us company".
"You lucky kids", he said.
I never even saw any".
That night the older men got to talking about going possum-hunting on a moonlight night.
Still she was not sorry he sat by her, but in fact was flattered.
Inside, carefully packed in straw, were six eggs, but the eye of a poultry psychologist was required to detect what scientifically valuable specimentalia lay inside;
Below these particulars was a series of alpha-beta-gammas connected by arrows and crosses which denoted the lineage of the breed.
The doctor, with the air of a man whose professional interests have found scope, drew Alex's attention to those excellences which might otherwise have escaped him: the fine color in comb and wattles, the length and quality of neck and saddle hackles, the firm, wide spread of the toes, and a rare justness in the formation of the ear lappets.
"Bonjour, messieurs, vous etes matinals", she greeted them pleasantly.
When Alex entered his room, the doctor was already preparing a nest in the straw case, six eggs ready for the hen's attentions.
Giselle was reluctant but Alex succeeded in persuading her to come back in five minutes and the door was shut again.
"All right.
the halls were empty and they passed down the stairs to number nine and listened at the door.
Shortly, the doctor himself entered, his hair somewhat wet from the shower, but evidently satisfied with the outcome of their adventures.
Going downstairs with the tray, Winston wished he could have given in to Miss Ada, but he knew better than to do what she said when she had that little-girl look.
"Can't you see I'm busy"?
Winston stacked Miss Ada's thin pink dishes in the sink.
"How come your bows is always cockeyed"?
"I don't mean Miss Ada!
"That's a long time, waiting".
He sat for a while with his hands on his knees, watching the bend of her back as she gathered up her things -- a comb, a bottle of aspirin -- to take upstairs and pack.
He had on his gray tweed overcoat and his city hat, and his brief case lay on the bench.
Then he stood back to look at Mr. Jack, who was pulling on his pigskin gloves.
After Mr. Jack drove away, Winston went on looking out the window.
She had talked to him right there, with the hot sun in his face, which made him sweat and feel ashamed.
She had dug a hole for each bulb, each tree wore a tag with her writing on it;
Winston had the big straw basket ready in the hall.
The alabaster cockatoo".
every morning, I lay out his clothes on it".
those presents had been on his mind.
Through the door, he had seen Mr. Jack walking around, waiting for Miss Ada.
Miss Ada had giggled, and she went sweeping and rustling to the couch and sank down.
After a minute he went on, "People must think the curse is on me, seeing you fresh as an apple and me old and gray".
Nothing in all the preceding years had had the power to bring me closer to a knowledge of profound sorrow than the breakup of camp, the packing away of my camp uniforms, the severing of ties with the six or ten people I had grown most to love in the world.
The letters took their source from a stream of my imagination in which I was transformed into a young man not unlike my bunkmate Eliot Sands -- he of the porch steps anecdotes -- who smoked cigarettes, performed the tango, wore fifty dollar suits, and sneaked off into the dark with girls to do unimaginable things with them.
I remember standing in a corner, watching Jessica act the hostess, serving soft drinks to her guests.
We would write to one another and make a definite plan.
All this was unknown to me, and yet I had dared to ask her out for the most important night of the year!
I wore a new double-breasted brown worsted suit with a faint herringbone design and wide lapels like a devil's ears.
His neighbors cheered him on.
Suppose the lines in front of the movie houses were too long and we couldn't get in?
At 7:25 two hotel doormen came thumping down the steps, carrying a saw-horse to be set up as a barricade in front of the haberdashery store window next to the entranceway, and as I watched them in their gaudy red coats that nearly scraped the ground, their golden, fringed epaulets and spic, red-visored caps, I suddenly saw just over their shoulders Jessica gracefully making her way through the crowd.
She knew also that I was unmarried and without a single known relative.
Don't tell me about drunks.
I don't blame that girl for breaking her engagement with you.
It's not a joke to be sent to a place like this or to Hanover.
My father's a policeman and makes less than seven thousand dollars a year.
"My father and mother died when I was two years old", I said.
Listening, I felt cheated and lonely as only an orphan can.
What about your that girl you were going to kill"?
"I like to dance", she said, then turned and walked away.
As the bus turned into the main highway and headed toward Hanover I settled back in my seat and closed my eyes, thinking over the events of the past two weeks, trying to put the pieces in order.
The critics literally screamed their indignation.
It seemed to me that I was not only unlucky but quite stupid as well.
This is Dale Nelson the actor".
They all bowed low as I approached them.
An ancient Rolls-Royce, as shiningly impressive as the day it came off the ship, was parked at the curb.
You're the one I was talking to about a monthly rental.
One of the hardest chores a detective has is hanging around on a city street, trying to make himself inconspicuous, keeping an eye on the entrance of an office building and waiting.
"I haven't made up my mind yet", I said.
"I'll have one of the boys get it", he said.
I grinned at him, handed him a couple of dollars and said, "By the time you get the parking charge figured up, there should be a cigar in it for you".
If it ever got behind me, the beep turned to a buzz.
My lights would have been a giveaway if I'd tried to shadow him in the conventional manner.
The card the man I was shadowing had filled out was still on the counter.
"That's right".
There are three soft-drink vending machines, and if you should be joined by -- anybody -- try to keep things quiet, if you will.
He didn't have to telephone.
"I'm in a hurry, Beautiful".
What's that thing going buzz-buzz-buzz in your car"?
You see, she's on a diet.
The gun moved.
You know"?
She tore open the back door.
The two men watched as Dave closed the door behind them, watched them cross the sidewalk to their car.
Good.
She was just waking up when we found her at the garage".
Not really startled, but careful to appear so, Grosse sucked noisily on his pipe.
He returned the menu to its place between catchup bottle and paper napkin dispenser.
Vince swore again.
"What am I going to do with her all day?
"You don't hafta get nasty.
"Where'd you say you was born"?
Barney was not really frightening.
The man was busy doing something to the inside of the door-frame on the driver's side of a car.
He dropped it and carefully ground it to nothing with the sole of his heavy shoe.
the unknown was so much worse than -- what dangers lay ahead for her?
Then he would yawn and stretch and shout, "All out.
There was a wet spot -- she couldn't have been gone long".
Roberta said, "no.
His eyes were threaded by little filaments of red as if tiny veins had burst and flooded blood into them.
Marty scanned the faces of the others nearest him, looked into their staring eyes.
It was so utterly unexpected that Marty stood for several moments with his mouth hanging open foolishly after it had happened.
He thought he saw a pale face at a window.
Not a single strand of wire reached into the silent houses beside the red-clay road.
Perhaps they had a car or truck and would drive him into town.
It concerned an officer who had been disgraced and drummed out.
It was the station wagon that had passed his cab on the road, the station wagon that had been parked at the Burch farm.
It was a narrow road, barely wide enough for two cars to pass.
The cars, with their load of howling men, had disappeared in the distance.
At least he could climb up on the fence when his tormenters roared by again.
The fence, his only refuge when the metal death came roaring at him, was made of rails, all right, but the rails were protected by a thick screening of barbed wire that would rip his flesh if he pressed against it.
And then he heard them.
They thundered at him.
He trudged on, his aching eyes focused straight ahead.
The car drew up alongside him and stopped.
You must've known I'd gone to get the sheriff.
He listened a moment and then said, "Hold it".
"
He went to a closet to get a light jacket, and took his hat from beside the door.
"This deal at Las Putas Buenas where the two knife-men jumped you", said Rourke with interest, "that sounds like it was set up with malice aforethought by the luscious Mrs. Peralta, doesn't it"?
Turn to the left, I think, for that number you gave me.
He went around the corner and parked, turning off his lights and motor.
"It has a Beach license, Tim.
"The pair whom Petey is officially commending for slapping me around and pulling me in".
Make them show their hands.
You should complain".
In exactly three minutes, go in that phone booth behind you and call Police Headquarters.
"We sure don't".
On this side of the Bay, Miami Beach cops had no more legal rights than any ordinary citizen, and Shayne's pistol permit was just as good as theirs.
He didn't stir.
"They'll have fun explaining that to the Miami cops.
If I could call in, they could check the story while we were on our way.
Mickey was on his knees when Roberts turned on the stairs and the razor flashed in his hand.
Roberts brushed at his eyes with his free hand and started down the steps.
Mickey backed off two steps, forcing him to come on again.
Before Roberts could move inside to cut upward toward his face, he slammed his right fist into Roberts'belly.
With his right fist, and nearly all his weight behind it, he smashed at the bloodstained face.
12
Mickey was sure now he was dead.
He went to the room he had rented and got into his overcoat.
He took the suitcase out to the Jeep and put it in the front seat.
He parked facing it and left the headlights on, but when he started into the tunnel with the suitcase, he found the illumination extended no farther than half a dozen feet into the passage.
There was too much weight casually to toss it away.
He gave it a strong push, heard it slide, then tumble dryly into the hole.
He climbed down, went back into the tunnel and tossed the razor into the pit.
Still she would probably have sense enough not to call in the local sheriff to find her boy friend who, apparently, had run away.
He checked into a motel and drove downtown.
Pity we don't know more about him.
She'd be sure to remember any bride who was vague about background.
It took a couple of minutes to run through her various businesses and get down to the one he wanted.
But, of course, you couldn't see too well through the veil".
He stood up and thanked her.
Wants to look up something in the newspaper files, so don't lock him in here".
They were a sight more comfortable than the ones in the jail with the cold air from Hirey's air conditioner coming through the grille".
Chapter fourteen
Since Mrs. Calhoun remembered only that the marriage had been in the spring, he started to plod through several months.
Now for their exodus from Gulf Springs.
Then he knew it was not sound, but lack of it.
Then the faint beginnings of fear stirred in his mind.
It must be coming from an upright heater against the far wall in the supervisors'office.
And Angie would hear about it.
Angie knew -- Speak of dangerous information!
When things got a little out of hand, they very rapidly got a lot out of hand -- it seemed to be a general rule.
"I tell you, you want to leave it that way, I don't fool around with it.
But aside from everything else, it would scarcely be pleasant to have dealings with one who was nominally an underling and actually held -- you could say -- the whip hand.
"Sure, sure, you're the one take over for Pretty, soon as I get the supply, get started up again, isn't it?
We don't none of us want no trouble.
Sure.
It could all be straightened out later.
The kind who came into a cheap store like this!
No need say anything at all to the old woman.
To be Katharine Ross, and work in a nicer shop somewhere, at a little more money so she could have prettier clothes, and learn ladies'manners and all like that, and get to know different people than up to now, not just the ones like her here, with foreign-sounding names, the ones went to the same church and -- Different place, different job, different people, she'd be all different too.
sixteen
"Y que sigue despues?
Happened to hear you quarrel about her!
"Not that there's much use in locking up the smokehouse and the storehouse now.
"I forgot.
But then the so-called coffee was bad enough at best, cold it was all but undrinkable -- especially that cup!
So somebody else could have come in, too -- then or later while she was out of the room.
So Lolotte -- or anybody -- could have listened, and that somebody could have already been supplied with the missing bottle of opium.
she wouldn't run like a scared cat.
Rev would never have tried to give her poison!
She come to the kitchen and say she take it up to you".
"Get a basket", Sarah told her.
They wouldn't go hungry, not yet.
She couldn't see any reason why Maude would attempt to frighten her.
George had a tack hammer.
And what news, Sarah thought as satirically as Maude might have said it.
I mean I've got to -- to see to the kitchen.
it must be Lucien.
"Not since last night.
I think he might be", Conrad said grimly.
You don't think Gilborn is the --"?
"It sure as hell doesn't look like it, does it?
After leaving Conrad, Gilborn had no destination.
Conrad's words had intellectual meaning for him only.
She was the sun, he the closest planet orbiting around her, the rest of the world existing and visible yet removed.
The doorman began to nod his head automatically, then remembered who Gilborn was, what had happened to him the night before.
Who?
He rose from the chair, took off his coat.
At the end of the half-hour, racking his brains, thinking over and over again of Kitti, her friends, her past, he left the bedroom.
If anyone had asked her, she would have described herself only as nervous and worried.
Stanley really was quite predictable.
Later, she apologized for the long scratch across his face, tried to explain she couldn't help herself, that the panic arose in her unwanted.
She thought it was sometime during the second week she worked for Stanley.
a woman who was willing to give him love, faith, and anything else a woman could give a husband.
Stanley had filled out the return and because, when he was finished, it was close to the lunch hour, he had politely asked Kitti to join him, never expecting her to accept.
That night the two of them left for a week's honeymoon in Acapulco.
"Right", said the fingerprint man.
This, you will remember, was still New Year's Day.
You're a taxpayer, householder, landlord.
You identify yourself and ask him what's going on.
We'd seen his handiwork out in the back yard, and the little his tenants had told us of him did make him sound a little special.
His face was ruddy and heavy and unlined, and when he laughed he showed his teeth, which were big and white and strong and unquestionably home-grown.
We waited till he had finished laughing, and that gave us a few moments for taking stock of him.
"Me, the happy one".
"All there ever was"?
Could your future, your immediate future, be made to include taking us upstairs, giving us a bit of space in which our friend can work, and making available to him your finger tips"?
"We're here because of what happened last night", he said.
"I can't see what would make it necessary for you to know.
Having volunteered that he was a man of about sixty, he bounded up the stairs and with each leap rendered the number less credible.
At each angle of its pitch a big skylight had been fitted into the roof and all these skylights were fitted with systems of multiple screens and shades.
These shapes might have been mad, but there was no telling.
Memory flooded him the instant he opened his eyes and the sick feeling knotted his stomach.
Lot of people waiting to see you, though".
She's got plenty of guts, Mr. Paxton.
Thornburg arrived with the writers.
Hub, nosing about, spotted reporters in the lobby, so Andy was hustled away quietly through the hotel's service entrance in a strange car which Hub had procured somewhere.
"Skolman's jammed in every table he could find.
Bake himself looked better;
It's those damn loudspeakers".
"Seems like we're never going to see eye to eye, Lieutenant.
But don't try to stop me, either".
Andy's performance was scheduled for eleven o'clock.
"They're drinking, aren't they"?
"You're a sweetheart -- but leave one line open.
Whether he sang well or badly had nothing to do with it.
As Andy reached the finale of his act, a subdued commotion backstage drew his attention to the wings.
Nor could he blame them.
But when he was finally through, their scorn was made apparent.
At this moment, all he could think of was what he'd been forced to undergo.
All the king's horses and all the king's men
The usual congratulatory crowd was conspicuously absent;
"Why not"?
My God, how much more do you want"?
"They found something else up there", she said half-aloud to the empty room.
"I think you had better come home".
They'll they'll think I did something".
I guess he wants to ask you some questions.
He had to cough then;
What on earth was in Mae's mind, that she wanted him up there spying on what the cops were doing?
They'd have some suspicions to repeat to the police.
Mae wouldn't have plotted a thing like that.
She was.
Behind him on the steps of the little office sat old man Arthur;
At that moment, Holden almost slammed on the brakes to go back to Cooper and ask if Ferguson was about.
He drove into the paved space before the garage and got out, slamming the car door.
You used them that time you painted the porch at our other house.
The police have them now".
Tell me what this is all about".
A man with a sketch pad in hand sat with a large pink woman in a small office at the end of a long, dim corridor and made pencil lines on paper and said, "Is this more like it, Mrs. MacReady?
These included, as one, Mr. and Mrs. Anthony Payne, who had checked in a little after noon the day before, and had not checked out together.
Of course he's in" --)
It was not even certain the shot had been fired from either hotel.
Shrugs met that, from room clerks, from bellhops.
Shrugs met that.
At the Dumont, a guest had come in a collapsible wheel chair.
Weigand tossed this news into the centrifuge.
Take Gardner Willings.
Because, if for no other reason, Willings would never for a moment suppose he was not bigger, tougher, than anything else that went on two legs.
Bill shook his head.
Heaven knew it happened and hell knew it too.
The Masons, mother or son, or mother and son?
"Send out a pickup on Mrs. Mason and the boy when you've got enough to go on", Bill said.
He might deny the latter;
Stilts and Shadow, on Pam's bed, appeared to be one cat -- rather large, as Siamese cats go, and, to be sure, having two heads and two tails.
The hell it isn't dinnertime, two waving tails told Pam North.
Had that tall dark boy, carrying trays too heavy for him, found what he might have considered adulation of a man he probably hated more than he could bear?
At four o'clock in the afternoon.
"I said I would", Pam said.
Madden's dark face wore a meditative look.
I was hoping I'd hear from you today".
Scrapings from the bed linen identical with the lint and thread found in the nasal and oral cavities.
Pauling paused again.
This was Madden's suggestion;
The secretary's tone indicated that an appointment at such short notice was a concession for which Madden should be duly grateful.
Madden knew that he could be completely wrong about all this, but also knew that he would go right on disliking Garth.
Her estate had grown considerably.
The inspector nodded, doubting this.
He went on to personal bequests, a list of names largely unknown to him.
Mr. Hohlbein was left twenty thousand, Garth ten.
There was no telling how she'd react to spending money".
He said that he had already told the police chief that he didn't know what insurance man had recommended Johnston to Mrs. Meeker.
The inspector knew as he left that this was wishful thinking.
It contained a desk, files, a typewriter on a stand, and two big leather armchairs.
"Dammit, Phil, are you trying to wreck my career?
It's all in your mind".
I did get you on the platform this morning".
"Who'd hit you in the head"?
Mahzeer and the prime minister are alone right now".
They won't even let you in the front door.
I'm on my way".
He spotted Docherty coming out of a room at the far end of the corridor and called to him.
Docherty went taut: was it possible?
He asked.
The door opened and three men and a woman in a sari swept past him and down the stairs.
it was framed in maroon drapes, and no faces were visible.
How was he to suspect that an assassin had been lurking somewhere across the street waiting for just such a chance?
He ran his eye along the roof copings;
That left three, possibly four, one looking much like the next.
This was senseless -- he had no idea what to look for.
Now he was certain: the lock had not yielded to Muller's collection of keys;
His thoughts were scattered by the sharp report of a rifle from the other side of the door.
He was dead before his body made contact with the floor.
The clerk wagged his head toward the captain's office.
Gun waited for Killpath to sit down behind the desk near the window.
"Running in, running out.
Then Killpath smiled.
He must have" --
"I was out in the district, sir".
He sucked in his breath and kept quiet while Killpath laid down the sheet again, wound the gold-wire stems of his glasses around his ears and then, eying the report as it lay before him on the desk, intoned, "Acting Lieutenant Gunnar Matson one failed to see that the station keeper was properly relieved two absented himself throughout the entire watch without checking on the station's activities or the whereabouts of his section sergeants three permitted members of the Homicide Detail of the Inspector's Bureau to arrogate for their own convenience a patrolman who was thereby prevented from carrying on his proper assignment four failed to notify the station commander Acting Captain O. T. Killpath of a homicide occurring in the district five frequented extralegal establishments known as after-hours spots for purposes of an unofficial and purportedly social nature and six" -- he leaned back and peeled off his glasses "-- failed to co-operate with the Acting Captain by returning promptly when so ordered.
"Sir.
"Let's just remember, Sergeant, that we must all carry our own umbrella.
Now, as he passed the open counter that divided the assembly room from the business office, he nodded and said good night to the station keeper and his clerks, not stopping to hear the day-watch playback of his chewing out.
Mission Street at this hour was populated by a whole community that Gun could not have seen on his tour of duty -- the neighborhood that had known Urbano Quintana by day.
You can't tell a customer how much it's going to cost him to refinance his payments before he even signs for a loan on the money down!
He was perhaps thirty-two, nicely set up, with light brown hair that had a pronounced wave.
"Oh, I've known him quite a while".
None of this showed in his face, and he tried to keep his skepticism in hand.
If you're really serious about working on that story, I'd better take you home".
Look in the wastebasket.
And that gun was empty.
He thought of other possibilities, none of them satisfactory, and finally he began to think, to wonder if there was some way he could reach Burton.
He demanded.
Under normal circumstances Casey was a little fussy when people told him what to do with pictures he had taken.
"All right", Calenda said, his voice still quiet.
Each time he got the same answer and in the end he gave up.
Only then did he decide he didn't want one.
For over the years he had received many such calls.
Slowly he pulled out the hand throttle until the boat was moving at little more than a crawl, and watched Elaine rapidly spin from one station to another, tune in the null, then draw in a line on the chart.
"Reverse", Elaine said, then peered through the loop of the RDF and waved to Poet.
But instead of chatter there was a null, like on the radio direction finder.
But in the plane there was a concrete reason for it.
Elaine nodded.
Another moment and they were out of sight, leaving behind only a string of bubbles as a clue to their whereabouts.
And Graham wanted money probably to roam among the dice tables in Las Vegas.
The fisherman was right in the middle of the Deep.
Elaine and Poet returned together, popping up over the transom almost like dolphins breaking water.
He tossed her a towel, then repeated the service for Poet.
Poet!
"Do you need a bandage"?
Springing like a cat, he leaped back, swooped up the spring gun and, whirling, pointed it toward the cabin.
The rubber and glass face mask slipped from Poet's forehead, bounced painlessly off Nick's chin, then disappeared.
At the same instant, he grabbed the loose, writhing hose with his other hand and bit down on the hard rubber mouthpiece.
a man mountain running to lard in his middle-age.
You're not only young but well, you don't even look like a police officer.
Ran a fair-sized farm.
Anyway, Julia asks me to.
Don't know why the County had to send anybody up here.
And then rushed out of the house.
Being the Harbor's sole doctor, Abel was also its Medical Examiner.
Still, I wanted to get this over with, had a lot of paper work waiting in my own office.
Everything shouted gentleman farming, the kind of grandfather-father-to-son folding money the Point is known for.
"Probably wages.
"I never see none.
Okay, come on".
I asked.
"Got us an old station wagon.
"Yes.
Even now, there were several slick cruisers tied to the dock, an ocean-going yawl anchored inside the breakwater.
She was'hiding'on the floor of the back seat, the soft curves of her back and hips -- rousing lines.
didn't answer.
"Still, they may not want to rent it".
Interview the bellboy and chambermaid who waited on Beauclerk.
He spoke softly.
She telephoned the junior partner of her law firm, Martin Stacy, and asked him to call at her hotel that evening.
According to the medical examiner, she was shot between eleven p.m. and one a.m.
"Certainly, sir".
"Larger and more comfortable.
Even the bellboys on their bench were listening.
"There might be a story in it".
He wished it had not been necessary to announce the number of his suite quite so publicly.
There was no hint of a violent struggle now.
"Afraid you'll lose your job if you don't keep your mouth shut"?
Alone, Alec examined the doors.
It seemed clean now, but Alec decided against a bath.
According to the medical examiner she was shot between eleven p.m. and one a.m.
That meant that something between the light and its reflection on the wall was moving closer to the source of the light -- in this case, the window.
He put everything he had into the next and aimed down where the stomach ought to be.
Alec turned him over and discovered a round, lumpy face with narrow, slanting eyes -- a primitive Tartar face from Russia or the Balkans.
Nor would he choose a respectable hotel as the scene for a killing when it would be so much safer to take his victim for a one-way ride on a lonely country road.
"Oh, come on, snap out of it!
In good time I shall get to the distressing actuality, to Red McIver and Handley Walker, to murder and sudden death.
You must know what gets into people, even such as Red and Handley, before you can tell what comes out of them.
You want from me the story, but a story is about'why'and then, perhaps, about how.
Now, Dogtown is one of those places that creeps into the marrow as worms get into old wood, under the veneer.
Scientists say it is the last spewings of a great glacier, but one rather feels that only a malevolent giant could have piled up those crouching monsters of granite which still seem to preserve a sort of suspended, ominous life in them.
It accounts for so many things.
Dead, dead as a brass door nail, and I sometimes feel like the Sexton, for I'm about the last to be even interested.
Oh, yes, I'm quite sure it's important, because of the Beech Pasture.
About five years ago, Handley came to ask me if he could see the tattered register.
The next week, cousin Red wandered in as casually, but curt and untidy.
Violent men both.
After the usual Honorable Sirs, it went on to say that there had been set off to the widow one full third part of the real estate of the deceased Salu Norberg, one lower room, on the Western side, privileges to the well and bake-oven and to one third of the cellar (I can show you the cellar when we go up), also one Cow Right, and lastly they set off to the widow her own land that she brought with her as dower, namely the Beech Pasture.
I suppose Handley knew it.
Any more than they have the sense to eat mussels.
That's what the man had said.
But, of course, he remembered now.
Very suddenly, the driver stopped swearing at them, turned on his heel and went back to his truck.
He really didn't take the offer seriously, but he began to feel uneasy.
I believe in returning favors.
He says the neighbors complain, but I don't believe it.
In that way there's no trouble for the customer".
The hangover in turn reminded him of his conversation with the weirdy, and he groaned.
Late that afternoon, it seemed, he had fallen off the roof while on some obscure errand or inspection.
Haney went to bed, happy that at least he was rid of that lousy landlord.
He was enjoying the weekly ritual of washing down his pet grievance with bourbon slightly moistened with water.
The man was uncanny, like a shadow, and made as much noise as a shadow.
The guy sulked over his drink, obviously upset by Haney's lack of appreciation.
I'd have to sell out my business to pay her off with her share.
Then a wild thought ran circles through his clouded brain.
He shrugged casually.
About halfway back Pops groped against a wall and stopped, pulled away two loosely nailed wide boards at one end, and went through.
I looked back over my shoulder while I went to join him;
He hesitated a second, looking at the bottle, before he said "Sure-sure", and I reassured him.
"But we got to go back to Fifth and get another bottle or two.
But we could wait all right;
I said, "Wait", and handed the bottle to Pops for his final drink.
I gauged that blow to be borderline.
That did it, if mine didn't.
"Cool", I told him.
Here's the picture we want to leave for the fuzz -- whenever the body gets found.
Same goes for the rough cement of the ledge.
The candle had been stuck on a tin lid so it wouldn't set fire to the crate when it guttered out.
Almost too smoothly, I found myself thinking, and then told myself that was ridiculous.
We made the date for two o'clock in the afternoon at Maxine Wells's pad.
He gave me equivalent and even more detailed dope on Radic, including diagrams -- one of the apartment building Radic lived in and one of the apartment itself.
He sighed.
You'd have to wait till Seaton's back from Mexico City and also while I set it up with Doris to have her have an alibi for D-night.
Mike stopped to cherish all his brother selves, the many threes-fulfilled on Mars, corporate and discorporate, the precious few on Earth -- the unknown powers of three on Earth that would be his to merge with and cherish now that at last long waiting he grokked and cherished himself.
Repeating it like a student telling himself that the jewel is in the lotus he sank into nirvana.
"I feel fine!
"Come on, there's some cold chicken and we'll see what else".
Jubal said that his night-sight probably came from the conditions in which he had grown up, and Mike grokked this was true but grokked that there was more to it;
Mike liked having light up through the ripples;
the question was too wide for the sparse English language.
He thought.
He had his own face, dark and beautiful.
"Mike darling" -- They kissed, and went on kissing.
"I know.
Thou art God"!
Time magazine reviewed it and suggested that the Federation Assembly Daily Record should be translated into the medium.
Digby was not pleased with his promotion.
Digby calmed down, but made one request.
I'm helping you now, am I not?
Jubal did not hear of Digby's disappearance when it was announced, and, when he did, while he had a fleeting suspicion, he dismissed it;
Even rock-steady Anne -- Hell, Anne was the worst!
"How did you know"?
I still bear scars on my back where Pornsen, my gapt, whipped me because I had not learned my lessons well enough.
No, not he, for I, and I alone, am responsible for whatever happens to me.
I can't tell you now the distance in lightyears or what star this was, though you can see it with the naked eye at night in this hemisphere.
Therefore"
It's inevitable in this case, for the couple will be separated for, at the least, forty years.
Siberia spoke Icelandic.
Then there was North America, where American was the native speech of all except the twenty descendants of French-Canadians living on the Hudson Bay Preserve.
No, the fish could eat their bodies for all the Sturch cared.
Hal doubted if this happy event would occur.
"My beloved ward, my perennial gadfly", said the whining voice.
the Gabriel pointed towards her destination and, under one-gee acceleration, began to build up towards her ultimate velocity, 99.1 percent of the speed of light.
These members would then unthaw the rest of the personnel.
Yet, if he used all of the little means at his disposal, he would be instructing his students wrongly.
Plus the fact that Siddo not only had the normal (to Earthmen) three genders of masculine, feminine, and neuter, but the two extra of inanimate and spiritual.
Being reasonably sure of the reason for the long pause, however, did not make it seem any less long to Jack.
We shall recommend to them that they shorten your trial period by half.
"For instance, Hesperus agreed to help me find my property, and I agreed to take him to Earth.
but this one was not nearly as long.
But we must know if this is in accordance with your customs, and must have your agreement they will not misuse the power we put in their hands, to our hurt".
Almost the whole experience of mankind pointed toward suspicion, not trust, as the safest and sanest attitude toward all outsiders.
If mankind could be convinced of that
It seemed to be only a riot of color, light and meaningless activity.
The instruments don't show them".
The sail was still unfurled, though there were a good many holes in it, as Langer had predicted would be the case by now.
And why was it causing so much agitation among the Angels, and being followed by so many of them?
But not having talked to the Angels, he had made a wrong turn in his reasoning somewhere along the line.
"Receiving".
With a short-lived sigh of relief, Jack plugged the fuses back in and threw the switch.
"Ekstrohm, Nogol, you guys okay"?
A range of bluffs hugged the horizon, the color of decaying moss.
Ryan asked.
"Ryan, look over there", Nogol said.
Take it easy".
The strong negative field his suit set up would help to repel bacteria and insects.
Well, it has to happen.
"I don't know, Stormy.
"Radiation"?
"Maybe", the captain admitted.
There was no reason to leave the comfortable quarters inside the ship, except that, faced with a possibility of sleeping on solid ground, they simply had to get out.
He threw off the light blanket and swung his feet off the bunk, to the floor.
Actually, they said, he did sleep, but so shortly and fitfully that he forgot.
The buddies invariably took advantage of him.
Ekstrohm walked through the alien glass and looked up at the unfamiliar constellations, smelling the frozen sterility of the thin air.
"What are you talking about, Ryan?
"You are right now, buddy.
"No", Ekstrohm said, "No, I didn't know that".
No.
Ekstrohm scowled.
One of the babies died in the initial transferral but of Helva's "class", seventeen thrived in the metal shells.
A ship run by a human brain could not run rogue or insane with the power and resources Central had to build into their scout ships.
When they were forced to, Central Worlds shrugged its shoulders, arranged a tour of the Laboratory Schools and set the tour off to a big start by showing the members case histories, complete with photographs.
"Why, what a lovely voice you have", said one of the female visitors.
"Thank you.
The lady's eyes, unmagnified, bugged out.
"If you substitute'atom'for'angel', the problem is not insoluble, given the metallic content of the pin in question".
Shell people were schooled to examine every aspect of a problem or situation before making a prognosis.
By relaxing the throat muscles and expanding the oral cavity well into the frontal sinuses, she could direct the vowel sounds into the most felicitous position for proper reproduction through her throat microphone.
The neural, audio, visual and sensory connections were made and sealed.
The ship always chose its own partner.
I thought perhaps there were no partners available and I've had no directives from Central".
He tried to run after B'dikkat, to hug the lead spacesuit, to tell B'dikkat that he loved him.
He struggled out of his clothes.
The pain was gone, though it had been crippling the first time.
We can die, too, we can die like real people.
He endured the ministrations of the dromozoa without screams or movement.
At last he noticed a return of the inwardness of pain.
The half-man lay on the ground, arteries pulsating prettily behind the half-transparent film which protected his abdominal cavity.
"Yes", said Mercer, a little ashamed of his obviousness.
The half-man laughed with something close to real humor.
When Mercer looked on helplessly, the half-man twisted over on his side, his pink dusty back turned to Mercer, and wept hoarsely and quietly to himself.
he felt the far, cool flash of unimportant pain, as B'dikkat dabbed the wound with a corrosive antiseptic which stopped all bleeding immediately.
She found this immensely comforting, even though Mercer did not make much sense out of it.
When he said it, they thought it exceedingly profound, though none of them understood it, since it was simply the amount of time that Mercer had been on Shayol:
He remembered the last time he had eaten -- actual eggs from an actual pan.
There was night and day, but no setting of crops, no change of season, no generations of men.
Nor did they care.
But all of this was rationalization.
The grass in the meadows came fast, now that the warm weather was here.
He cleaned his shovel, left it against the fence, picked up his Winchester, and started downstream.
The boy licked his dry lips.
Her face was very thin, and burned by the sun until much of the skin was dead and peeling, the new skin under it red and angry.
Both had blonde hair and blue eyes, and there was even a faint similarity of features.
"I'm Billy Jones", the boy answered.
Morgan demanded.
Dan Morgan".
He'd be an idiot to let them stay he thought, but he couldn't send them on, either.
"I know", Jones said dejectedly.
You fell down in front of the house, and I carried you in.
He caught her by an arm and helped her into the kitchen.
He told himself he had never seen two people eat so much.
He carried the tub from the back of the house where it hung from a nail in the wall.
He nodded and, going into the bedroom, brought a needle, thread, and scissors.
You'd better sleep".
"You can't stay here with me.
Gavin's lips moved so that Clayton had to stoop to catch the words.
Just cleared out.
The old man beckoned with one finger and Clayton went forward to him.
That would mock me too much!
Gavin's stallion was in the barn and he tightened the cinches over the saddle blanket, working by touch in the darkness, comforting the animal with easy words.
Clayton called to him and he came slowly down the steps.
"That's a new land.
"Help me up, Clay.
It was nice then, so peaceful and quiet.
Gavin sighed bitterly.
The two men whipped their horses into town and flung themselves up the steps of the saloon, crying their intelligence.
"Keep out of this", Purvis snarled.
And you stand by like a fool and let him do it"
If we let them go, they won't stay away, they'll find men to ride with them and they'll be back.
in the cold dawn the mist swirled low to the ground, then rose with a gust of sudden wind to leave the valley clear.
He did not look back;
He was too old -- when he passed up and through the corridor of pines that lined the trail he could see ahead, he was passing from life.
Julia, seeing the bandage, rushed to him.
"We'll grab horses", Dean said.
About a dozen animals were held inside the stockade, as best Mike could make out in the moonlight.
She clung to him, talking to him, and dabbing at her eyes.
"Be careful, McLish"!
And using him, Mike McLish, as a sop to her pride.
A voice spoke near-at-hand.
He tried to veer the rifle around to fire into Mike's body.
"No, but the fat's in the fire"!
"Why not you"?
"No telling how good this horse is", Mike panted.
Mike ran down the line, slashing picket ropes with the bayonet.
He scuttled in shadow along the east wall of the stockade and then followed the south wall until he was at the rear of the two frame buildings.
Mike made a dash to the rear of the frame buildings.
Mike seized a blanket from a pallet in a corner, spread it on the floor and used it to form a bag in which he placed his booty.
Powder flame gushed beneath the wagon.
The three of them floundered through the door into the interior and fell in a heap.
He dropped a man with the first bullet.
"There goes our grub an'ammunition"!
The roof of the command post began to buckle.
But it had missed the bone and had passed on through.
The men seem to think so".
"That was a terrible thing to do", I said to Oso.
That's why the British never got the tribes to fight for the King.
"You're wrong, Matt.
Before we get through he'll have the Blackfeet hankerin'for our hair and our goods.
What do we care"?
Montero had set up a strong position, using every bale and box we had in addition to barricades of logs and brush.
Oso slept unconcernedly, his rifle cradled in his arms;
I could see them in my sights.
His mouth was open, his neck corded with the strain of his screams.
I squeezed the trigger.
"Lead up!
One of the warriors suddenly leaped to his feet and began running across the valley to the trees that lined the small creek.
I could see their faces glistening with sweat and bear grease, their mouths open, shouting their spine-chilling cries.
This time he delayed so long that some of the engages shouted frantically, but they held their fire.
Other Indians were running at the ponies, shrilling and waving blankets.
I could smell woodsmoke, grease, and oil.
In the distance we could hear the drums and the wail of the death song.
An hour before, with the children asleep and nothing but the strange darkness, he would have appreciated company.
"You're right about the fire.
Then she turned back to Wilson and smiled, and he wasn't quite sure what she meant by it.
My father ran him off here six years ago".
I have it with me, right here.
"I don't mind washing dishes now and then", he said pleasantly.
It made him a little sick, and he let go of her.
But a moment later he brought his horse forward into the light, and Wilson had a good look at him.
The half-breed eased the Winchester down and rested it across his lap.
The half-breed didn't answer this time.
"He works for my father", the girl said, and then seemed to change her mind.
She wiped it off with the sleeve of her coat.
She brought up her free hand to hit him, but this time he was quicker.
He hadn't shown up too well in their eyes, letting himself be browbeaten by a woman.
Not tonight, at any rate.
The land wasn't all Wilson had expected of it.
It hadn't started out that way.
Judith Pierce.
It was hotter once they reached the flat, and drier, but the grass was better.
I went to the hall in the afternoons only, on these preliminary matters.
The clerk paid them no attention.
But it was not easy for him and he often slipped.
With distaste I saw him assume a pompous air.
He couldn't afford to have anyone mess around with them, he said.
I could observe the two fans down at the end, but their size in themselves meant nothing to me as long as I had no measure of comparison.
It sprang from a type of mentality I'd encountered often enough but certainly had not expected to find here.
far from it!
I kept circling the block hoping to see, from the street behind it, the rear of the hall.
When I went for my interview with the director I saw why.
I rapped my knuckles on the counter.
As he lowered himself on the chair behind his desk I wondered what this dapper, slightly ridiculous man could possibly have to do with the workings of the hall.
Though I doubted that he would understand me, I told the director my motives for applying.
Rankin sneered at him.
Let's move".
"What are you doing out of the block"?
The sergeant froze.
Five minutes later they reached the horses.
He had been one of the original Night Riders, one who had escaped the trial.
We've been starving and I don't like to starve".
But ten years in prison had taught him realities.
Mitchell Barton drew in the fragrance deeply, letting the smoke lie warm and soothing in his throat for a moment before he exhaled.
The old Haskell mine".
But Kruger's men keep them off balance, and they don't trust me.
Again Dill hesitated.
He sold out to Kruger's men.
Dill's voice tightened.
"I can't leave him there.
For everyone involved knew that the whole valley was a powder keg, and Mitchell Barton the fuse which could send it into explosive violence.
Their roar, like the swelling volume of a hundred tornadoes could be heard for miles.
The man was tall, thin, with a narrow face and a too-large nose.
He pulled open the top drawer of his desk and drew out a tintype.
Ten years ago they blew up some of our ditches.
As she drove, she thought about her plan.
He had belonged to this land and, perhaps, had desecrated it -- and this was the only material symbol that remained of him.
Facing the forest now, she who had not dared to enter it before, walked between two trees at random and headed in what she believed was the direction of the pool.
The slight flutter that had disturbed the motion of her heart when she entered the forest was gone now, and even the dim groves of trees through which she occasionally passed did not reawaken her fear.
she must be poised and proud and unafraid in order to prove to the mountain that she was in earnest.
If, when this was all over, she found the words to tell him about it, she wondered if he would ever understand.
Nevertheless, she continued to move upward.
For a moment, she could not catch her breath and then, her breath returning in short, frightened spasms, she lifted herself to her feet laboriously.
She had the feeling that, under the mouldering leaves, there would be the bodies of dead animals, quietly decaying and giving their soil back to the mountain.
It circled her thighs, exploring with its icy tentacles.
Pamela groped blindly.
She began it deliberately, so that none of her words would be lost on him.
I've got something to say to you, and by God you're going to listen.
"Uh-huh.
"Just go the hell on".
Just a big pile of self-confidence in an almost teensy package.
He could move very quickly, she knew (although he seldom found occasion to do so), but he was more wiry than truly strong.
She snapped.
There's nothing out here but rattlesnakes".
And even with her limited knowledge of such things, she knew that the car could be repaired there;
She looked at him, lips compressed.
Joyce had seen him like this once before -- more than once, actually, but on one particularly memorable occasion.
It was the wrong thing to say.
Figger we got to be plumb careful with any of you Highlands big shots".
"uh-huh.
"I'll get around to it a little later", he mumbled desperately.
A rabbit punch redoubled him.
Beat me to death in front of a hundred people.
This, he was sure, was the way they would act;
The Brannon outfit -- known as the Slash-B because of its brand -- reached Hondo Creek before sundown.
He was readying a batch of sourdough biscuits for the Dutch oven.
She wondered what had taken place in town, between him and his wife.
Whatever they are talking about?
His face was clouded with unhappiness.
You need her even more than you need him".
"
Brannon looked at Hank Maguire.
If you take the one, you'd better take both".
Brannon timed it so that they rode in an hour after nightfall.
He didn't want to put himself outside the law.
He'd hoped to catch Jesse Macklin there.
They reined in there, Brannon remaining in the saddle while Hogan went to look for Jesse Macklin in the hotel dining room.
It shouldn't be long".
"We'll talk over at your office".
As for you, Brannon" --
Macklin said.
No man laid a hand on him, but the threat of violence was there.
It was secured by an oversized padlock.
"Don't get yourself killed for something that doesn't concern you".
For men who had left cattle alone after getting their first notices had received no second.
He hadn't even pretended to be farming his spread.
He had his chance the very next morning, for exactly the same thing happened again.
Two more shots followed in quick succession, dropping him limp and huddled on the ground.
He immediately rode on to Cheyenne, threw a ten-day drinking spree and dropped some very strong hints among friends.
The company herds were being raided less often, and cabins and soddies all over the range were standing deserted.
Andy Ross had just started swinging an ax at his second willow when the distant blast of a rifle sounded.
There were no tracks of either hoofs or boots.
Even as he became widely known as a professional killer, nearly every cowboy and rancher in Wyoming seemed proud to call him a friend.
"I seen a lot o'things in my time.
Keane left, within three days.
(The best evidence is that he received a monthly wage of about $125, very good money in an era when top hands worked for $30 and found.
Such ranchers as Coble and Clay and the Bosler brothers carried him on their books as a cowhand even while he was receiving a much larger salary from parties unknown.
He moistened his lips uneasily.
Summers pulled up short, and turned around.
Tell her to hurry".
There was a light in Black's front room, but drawn curtains prevented any view of the interior.
Curt snuffed out the match.
The door swung open, and Jess said sourly, "What the hell's the matter with you?
He started to reach for his gun, but apparently thought better of it.
"Your trigger-happy brother isn't in the house.
"Arbuckle"?
Was it Dutch Brenner"?
"All right, Crouch;
"No.
"We'll do it another way, then", he said harshly.
Curt twisted to one side, and the tines of the fork bit into the floor.
The building shook, setting the lantern to swaying, and the buckskin to pitching again.
"Tell me about Arbuckle!
He shook loose straw out of the action, and placed the gun in his holster.
I'm going to let him tell it to somebody else".
Maybe if the marshal hears this himself, it'll make a difference.
"Got a lot to tend to, but I'll get back quick as I can", he assured her.
But his only hat was something else again.
Dan affirmed, feeling ten feet tall.
Seeing them waiting there at the foot of Emigrant Rock was so overwhelming that, for a good minute after they rounded the bend and started down the grade leading toward them, Matilda could not speak at all.
Soon they were all shouting greetings, exchanging smiles, and rejoicing to think that they were all back together again.
But with Bill O'Connor on the fiddle, and Gran Harrow exuberantly shouting "Glory Be" and "Hallelujah" above their united chant of the lilting old ballads, they played their quaint folk games with all the fervor and abandon of a real celebration.
With Rod on his way and Matilda visiting with Mrs. Jackson while they searched out familiar names on the face of the cliff, Harmony settled on the edge of the grub box, to ease the pressure of her swollen body on her bone-weary legs, and worried about all that might have happened to Sally.
By now Harmony could see that most of the adults in the train were winded and resting, or else siphoned off from the games by the challenging lure of the great cliff towering above them.
Gran Harrow exclaimed, watching their rippling muscles as Rod and Dan swung her up into the load.
"But honest-to-Betsy, I've seed more hair than that on a piece o'bacon".
"From now on, Sally and me and her folks aim to give you our turn when it comes up and fall in behind you and Rod's outfit".
"We'll double teams zigzagging up the mountain, Harmony", he spoke reassuringly, concerned by the pinched look around her mouth.
"Take one side of the street, and I'll take the other", he proposed.
Behind its ornate facade the notorious dive clung like a bird's nest to the rocky ribs of the canyonside.
Muffling an exclamation, Russ sprang to the nearest steps and ran down.
His eyes widened.
Less assured than the tall, wide-shouldered man in the lead, Cobb followed alertly, a hand on his gun butt.
Russ sprang through to bat it nimbly aside.
If we have to we'll take him apart and see what he's made of"!
You were right", Russ exclaimed, tearing the loose bills out of Carmer's hat.
Handing the money over, Russ wiped his hands on his pants-legs as if ridding himself of something unclean.
He started to return it.
"He'll know when you tell him.
The truth was, the puncher was both bewildered and dismayed by his own mixed luck.
but on the range gunfire had a meaning.
Setting a course straight for the house, he was covering ground fast when an angry bee buzzed past close to his face.
The would-be assassin had his position figured pretty close.
Another snarled close overhead.
Yet he must chance it.
A weapons carrier took Greg, Todman, Belton, Banjo Ferguson, and Walters and the others the two miles from the bivouac area to the strip.
"I've got her as neat as I can", Donovan said, as he dropped the straps of the Seton harness over Greg's shoulders.
He wondered where the superstition had originated that it was bad luck for a crew chief to watch his plane take off on a combat mission.
The metal strip they had taken off from was coal black against the green jungle around it.
Greg took the formation wide around three A-26 attack bombers that were headed north over the Gulf.
Once Todman thought he had spotted a tank and went down to investigate while Greg covered him.
There was not enough room to make the usual vertical bomb run.
Twelve o'clock level".
His mind flicked through the mental pictures he had from the hours of Aircraft Identification.
Lots of throttle.
They appeared to be the enemy.
The shapes were unmistakable and the Rising Suns were showing up, slightly brighter pinpoints in the gray gloom.
You'll bust your ass in this canyon.
He hit the radio button.
It was going to be dangerous.
Six red lines etched their way into the gray and vanished.
If he spun out now, he would join his opponent on the ground.
"Moriarty", my driver suddenly exclaimed with something so definite, so final in his tone I once more repeated the absurdity, mustering all my latent powers of hypocrisy to sound convinced.
Suddenly a treble auto horn tootley-toot-tootled, and, thumbing hopefully, I saw emergent in windshield flash: red lips, streaming silk of blonde hair and -- ah, trembling confusion of hope, apprehension, despair -- the leering face of old Herry.
I nodded.
Johnson never would have believed she had a son that age.
Hardly had Mrs. Roebuck driven off when a rusty pick-up truck, father or grandfather of Senor "Moriarty's" Ford sedan, came screeching to a dust-swirling stop, and a brown face appeared, its nose threatened by shards of what had once been the side window.
I was again in motion and at a speed which belied the truck's similarity to Senor X's Ford turtle.
Did an anteater want ants?
Prairie dogs were popping up and popping down.
I nodded.
I bobbed my head each time it appeared.
The Indian was again raising his bottle, but to my astonished relief -- probably only a fraction of Johnson's -- the bottle this time went to the Indian's lips.
There was no time to pick out a penny;
Brakes shrieked behind us.
Big and dark, a melting, golden brown.
But worth waiting for.
There had been a good second or two during which my muffler had been blowing out, and now I was certain I'd seen her somewhere before.
I mean, surely we've" --
Man, you rang -- it was in color, too, Miss, and Miss?
I don't mean to pry, but do they hide the swimsuit with the bubbles?
"Tell me about the murder".
Joyce went on, "When we'd finished, Lou -- Mr. Thor -- asked me to stay a little longer.
"You got away, didn't you"?
While several yards from it, still concealed by the shrubbery, she'd seen two men on her left at the pool's edge.
But I'm sure the other one was Lou".
But I promised Joyce I would mention her name, if at all, only as a last resort.
"Oh, I'd love to".
I looked at my watch.
"Don't hurry too much.
Bryn Mawr Drive is only two or three miles from the Spartan, and it took me less than five minutes to get there.
I grinned, but ignored the question.
"Yeah, I've heard more about SX-21 than space exploration lately.
The PM might show he drowned instead, but that's what the once-over-lightly gives us.
The arrangement I had with him was to work four hours a day.
It was as if they could hardly wait to get into their costumes, cover their faces with masks and go adventuring.
the calf was magnificent, the ankle perfect.
Her form was silhouetted and with the strong light I could see the outlines of her body, a body that an artist or anyone else would have admired.
Why she married him I do not know.
The cavernous depth, cluttered with antiques, echoed to her hard heels as she walked directly to the office in the rear and took the seat at his desk.
"He will not always be indisposed".
"I guess so", she said.
I think I have a way so we can carry on without his suspecting us".
If you tell him I made a pass at you he might think you misunderstood something I said or did, so instead of just telling him I made a pass, say I tried to date you and that you agreed so you could prove to him what a louse I really am.
"Are you trying to cut your throat"?
In one hand he gripped firmly a parasol though there had been no indication of rain.
-- be ashamed of yourself.
Five days later, on receiving it, Meredith sat drumming his dactyls on his writing table.
Meredith's fingers slowed and stopped over a line before him: Sie lacheln, die Schwarzen Hexen.
She was just not able to break the spell.
Mary Jane Lerner knew none of this.
Packing a small suitcase, informing her husband whom she found in Harry's Bar that she was taking a train to Germany to get away for a while, patting his arm, refusing a drink, getting on the train -- all this had only taken her two hours.
Should she wake him?
He blew his nose expertly between his fingers.
Nevertheless, there is no bath.
when it stopped he began busily typing, sitting up in a virtuous way.
Above a dark green skirt she wore a pale green cashmere sweater with, as he soon perceived, no brassiere beneath.
Wine: "Then you were typing poems this afternoon"?
Oh you're joking.
In the bedroom before the husband and wife find their way to the bed, the lights go on: "In dull domestic radiance I watch her staring face, still blind, Start wincing in obedience To dirty waters, counters, pots and pans, Waiting below stairs, in her mind".
She confessed she was unhappy, he asked was it her husband?
suffocating air sapped their strength and strained their nerves to snapping;
The burning air dried his sweat-soaked clothes in salt-edged patches.
He replenished the dipper and handed it to his young wife riding the hurricane deck.
A ripple ran through the muscles of his jaws, but he kept control upon his voice.
"The tires are rattling on the wheels now.
In a way, he couldn't blame her.
But each mile westward, she had hated him the deeper.
Without money or property, what would you have had at Baton Rouge"?
He wanted to turn them, putting the wagon against the storm.
The heavens opened, pelting them with hail the size of walnuts.
Beaten with fear and sound and wet and chill, they crawled to the hurricane deck and looked out haggardly at a world of water that reached clear to the surrounding hills.
The soaking will put life back in the wagon, too".
"There's the one who's lucky"!
The oxen might as well enjoy it.
He swung toward the front to give the news to Hettie, then stopped, barred from her by the vehemence of her blame and hate.
He looked thoughtfully at his wife's trunk, holding her meager treasures.
We couldn't budge them.
Brassnose, Max and I leaped into the sea and swam to the boat.
There were gigantic blisters and rope burns on our hands;
"Even when the islands were under German mandate before World War 1, Europeans gave Eromonga a wide berth.
Let's hope we come to a safer place".
There was a wooden tower or derrick there, something like a ski jump;
They had never seen a tultul but they had heard about it from their fathers".
I noted that her full breasts were bare and that she wore a garland of red pandanus fruit in her blue-black hair.
Some had been there for years;
"This is our tultul, a jumping platform, aku.
I clapped the big man with the bleached hair on his shoulder and said heartily, hoping it would make an impression on the women: "This one is the maku Frayne.
The women's faces had hardened after my statement.
For an anthropologist, loquacious old L'Turu was a mine of information.
"Karipo was great goddess, told our mothers that men were not necessary except to father children", the crone told me.
Maybe to beat up on his squaw".
He said to his partner.
With this realization, sometimes, he saw himself as he looked down.
All the drivers knew about the plates and they also knew about the big floppy straw hat with shredded edges, the kind natives in travel ads wear when they are out joyfully chopping cane.
Slender and tanned, her dark brown hair was drawn straight back, simply.
"What's she doing in this bunch"?
The two drivers moved closer.
He was very tanned -- big hands might have torn him from a Coca-Cola poster.
There was a gentle concern in Benson's voice.
Them's brains".
With a thoughtful look, the man sat on the pavement, legs straight out in front of him.
"He's hurt"!
None of the crowd had stepped forward to help.
Ramey caught a glimpse of the insurance man.
His brown face looked gray from dirt streaks where his hand had come off the dusty pavement and rubbed across it.
She's got more guts than any other woman in the world.
"I realize that this is hardly the time to say it, Penny", said Keith.
Penny did not answer.
You hate me, you hate my guts, because I like to hunt.
Keith Sterling had looked down on the Brahmaputra more times than he could remember, during the war days when he flew over the Hump of the world, thinking it high adventure in those times before man was guiding himself through outer space.
And he knew that the men talked about him behind his back, saying that he was one up on everybody else -- including the pilot of the plane with the swastika on it -- because he was chemically incapable of fear.
It was a war of nerves, of stamina, of dogged endurance in which the stupid insistence of the British on their right to their own country became ultimately an unsurmountable obstacle to the Nazis, who were better organized and technically superior.
He was on the thin side, with big hands, and the kind of wrists that give away the power in forearm and bicep.
The Command post was underground, and well camouflaged.
The blast damaged, but did not destroy the room.
He didn't tell her the truth he now freely admitted to himself.
He even hunted elephant, although the Asian elephant is not quite as ferocious as his African cousin.
Now, the next morning, they were anchored at The Elbow and the boat was riding directly over the underwater ledge where the green water turned to deepest blue and the cliff dropped straight down 600 fathoms, with the weighted line beside it;
"All I have to do to set the record is to go on down.
I don't get it why this time I should pull such a stupid trick".
"That's right", Robinson said.
He ran into the rapture of the depths.
He stood there, towering over them all: gentle, mighty, determined, the moving force in the group;
Now it did not occur to him even to wonder whether it was wise for Robinson to dive again: Rob was his boy, the kid he had rescued from the streets, the object of his pride.
Waddell muttered something about taking a look around and climbed up to the flying bridge.
Aloud he had said, making conversation:
He asked.
With all respect to a fine young man, Mr. Roy is not able to provide these necessaries".
But there was no definite agreement about business arrangements".
Mr. Roy is determined to make this dive.
Waddell came back from the door and sat on a bunk.
It would be a colossal shame to throw away a story like this.
"Join me in another"?
said a Hail Mary, slowly and with understanding.
Artie had picked up a snorkle and was twirling it on his forefinger.
The enemy came looming around a bend in the trail and Matsuo took a hasty shot, then fled without knowing the result, ran until breath was a pain in his chest and his legs were rubbery.
His remembering the self-dictate brought no peace -- only a faint chill of doubt.
His fingers touched the bone handle of a knife.
Matsuo lifted his rifle, easing the sling under his left upper arm for steadiness.
At nightfall he had been able to sneak down a hillside and into the jungle, reeking of death.
leaning sidewise on a tree trunk, he embraced it.
The sitter remained seated hugging the tree.
The pockets of his jacket bulged.
Matsuo jumped when the hidden arm flopped out.
In one: a package of cigarettes and a tinplated lighter, both sticky from the man's bleeding.
So, alive.
Sake.
"Are you a thrower of flame, marine"?
Matsuo shook his head.
burned each hand when they came groping again.
As Matsuo climbed by using the vines and kicking his feet against the trunk, a mood of gloom immersed him like a jungle shadow.
It sounded as if the man were calling him: "Hey, Japanese hey there, Japanese".
Remembering his own thirst, Matsuo took out his water bottle.
He had no water for an enemy.
I've nothing for you".
"Seems to me I don't remember altering any law about that".
Blue Throat winked at his six cronies.
A third shot doused the light.
"And now", said Tilghman with deadly calm, "I'll repeat what I said.
Billy Tilghman and his comrades rode off to the battle.
"There's only one thing to move him fast, and we have it right here in this very store".
Within seconds the big barn was blasted into smoking splinters, with every outlaw either dead or injured inside.
He came within an ace of being riddled with bullets during his long fight with the Doolin gang which terrorized Oklahoma in the 1890's.
"Wait here, Neal", said Tilghman.
Along each side of the room were six tiered bunks, each one screened off with a curtain.
He wouldn't look Tilghman in the face.
If he showed signs of collecting his rifle and going back with his deputy to the ranch he would be shot down instantly.
But the fighting marshal's fifty-year run of immunity from violent death came to a full and final stop one night in a street at Cromwell, Oklahoma, where he had been sent to clean up the gambling and vice rackets.
But they never said anything, so he figured it was all right.
School began in August, the hottest part of the year, and for the first few days Miss Langford was very lenient with the children, letting them play a lot and the new ones sort of get acquainted with one another.
The vision became even stronger now.
He felt a little sick at his stomach.
"Whaddya say, boy"?
"I got Margaret Rider in one of them old box cars down there by the quarry".
"Hell, yes.
"Let's go inside".
"Why ain't you playin'ball"?
They played crack the whip a few minutes without mishap.
"Will you play with us again, Miss Langford"?
That should do it, he thought, because Miss Langford had said she was going to be strict about school work.
On the fringe of the amused throng of white onlookers stood a young woman of remarkable beauty and poise.
He showed his gleaming tusks of teeth and bellowed incoherently, his brass earrings jangling discordantly as he shook and trembled in ecstasy.
The slender, handsome fellow was called Dandy Brandon by the other slaves.
Then he smiled shyly.
This was the big man with the proprietory air and the beetling, shaggy eyebrows.
"Another youth, Madame"?
Dandy, curiosity overcoming his apprehensions, peered out at the doctor from the window of the vehicle.
"Quite so, my dear.
It was just as well that the ignorant Dandy enjoyed himself to the hilt that first evening, for the room was to become his prison cell.
These were the last words he ever uttered.
How he returned in such a ghastly condition, or why, I cannot say.
Once again life went its serene way -- soirees, fox hunts, balls and dinners.
They have pulled out all my teeth and now she will carve out my tongue with her hacksaw!
He was -- as he told himself in the vernacular of a trade no longer his own -- riding the dark train out.
She pulled her legs up under her, to rise, her full peasant skirt drawing up her thighs, and Feathertop's music pfffted away.
Curly hair, high cheekbones, wide gnomelike mouth, a pair of drummer's blocky hands, and a body that said well, maybe I can wrestle you for ten minutes -- but then I'm finished.
"Come sit", said Feathertop, motioning them toward him.
"What is with this vow jazz"?
But not just yet.
"He's okay.
Kitty inquired politely.
"No!
Ernie crouched and opened the carpet bag.
Not the greatest, but they stick to your belly insides".
Cappy looked down at his wide hands, and did not reply.
"Your fault, hell!
This was a slightly different matter.
"Wanna drink"?
"You gonna give me a drink, fella"?
"Well, now", he said, and reached into his pocket.
The kid hit the bigger man with an audible thwump!
She grabbed at Feathertop's sleeve and shrieked, "Help him!
They never called him by name, although he had one.
And once she, too, ignored him.
She gave herself fancy airs!
His voice had not commanded her to stop.
For all he saw or cared to see, this could have been a town in Italy, not the outskirts of Philadelphia.
Even the stable-garage, which housed nothing now but the scent of rot, had a lawn before it.
Love and hatred and fear were one here, shaded only by fig trees and grape vines.
neither did he care that Aunt Rose provided for him.
He would order her to bring coffee, and would take from his vest pocket a thin black pipe which he would stuff -- he would not remove his gloves -- and light and smoke.
All the while she sat there, her sinewy arms swirled before her chest.
And as for his pipe, if he wanted to smoke one, nobody would stop him.
With his mouth opened wide, he squirted the warm white milk against the roof of his mouth and his tongue savored the light, earthy taste of it.
The clapping they made on the concrete interrupted him in the ecstatic pleasure he knew, so that he quickly released his hold on the goat and pretended to be examining its haunches for ticks.
She was so heavy that Maggie's arms shook from lifting her and taking care of her.
"I have plenty of odd moments when I could be doing something", Maggie said.
"Well now, Maggie, you don't have to snap at me", Eugenia said.
"What else"?
"But it really wouldn't be fair, taking your jobs away from you".
"All of them for you".
and now the East was creating government agencies for which the West doubtless would have to pay.
Just dropping the baby's bottle and breaking it became a catastrophe, and Stuart wore out his shoes so fast that he was termed a major disaster.
Eugenia hated being cold worse than anything, and she was beginning to find the joys of poverty wearing thin.
She said that proved she wasn't to be trusted with a fire in her room, and she could be burned to a crisp without anybody knowing it.
Laban had more to say.
She swung around.
Frank followed her into the bedroom, hooked her dress up the back.
I was so cruel to Tolley, so unfair.
Absolution for his lie?
A beautiful and haunting line, a subtle genius, Swinburne, difficult not to envy a gifted man, and perhaps he did.
Simply call Mr. Whipsnade Oscar, and Dr. Dunne P.GA, and C'un Major Frank.
But Mr. Robards'now, oh my yes, indeed, yes!
She musn't annoy Gunny whose foal was due then too!
Jenny wished now that she had had Dr. Dunne, feeling that somehow he wouldn't have allowed the dear baby to turn into triplets.
What about Royal Robards?
There was an idea.
"Have a party an'leave'em out, hon", he suggested.
Her hesitation was only momentary and she hoped he didn't notice it, as she settled herself, asked quickly how Miss Jenny and the babies were getting on.
Doaty would never have left her house to a godless woman.
There had been supper parties and teas, fetes and little balls, Mama small and pretty and gay and Papa enormously jocular, enormously possessive, the sun around which the Blackwell planets revolved.
If Adelia had felt about someone as Henrietta felt about Charles, would she have run away with him?
After the sad impatient moment, waiting for comfort which could not come, she slipped out of bed and went to the open window.
Henrietta held her bouquet out of reach and said it was for Doaty.
An old man, sitting against the wall of a cottage and waiting for the sun to find him, gave her a more than reflective look as she passed, the sap still plainly rising in his branches.
It's dryin'myself out that does it".
"Rests the tissues", he said, "and pacifies the system.
"Y're the young Blackwell woman.
"You'd be the one to say", he observed, and she found herself liking his approval none too well, but she could not defend herself and say that her actions were "different", since all actions had their own laws.
"He's lowly today", his grand-daughter said wearily, and bent to pick it up.
"Not me.
There was a gabble of voices from indoors, young hungry sounds like cats after fish, and a burst of swearing from the old man.
She remembered, suddenly, a night of savage moonlight and scudding clouds when she and Adelia, having dared each other, had stolen out of their great safe house and come here, hand in hand, hoping and fearing ghosts.
Her nose was higher of bridge, her complexion so pale as to be quite susceptible to sunburn, and the fish and vegetable diet of her forebears had given her teeth that were white and regular and strong.
At present the doctor's main concern was in seeing to it that Japanese salvage firms were not permitted to operate on the hulks of warships sunk too close inshore, because the work involved setting off nerve-shattering blasts at all hours.
She felt, rather than saw, the approach of the good-looking young man.
Then the young man in the brown sports jacket spoke, and it was no different.
"Oh -- I'm sorry!
She felt like a fool, too.
Everybody but Tommy seemed to think it was charming when they called, "Bifutek-san"!
There had been occasions when some of the more experienced had even addressed her in what might have been perfectly good Japanese.
she got out of the coffee shop before the incident could be repeated.
Tommy, of course, had never heard of a kotowaza, or Japanese proverb, which says, "Tanin yori miuchi", and is literally translated as "Relatives are better than strangers".
He remained young at heart, with an overdeveloped sense of humor.
There were two things he wanted to do: inspect one of the many caves that had been dug into the hills on the Naval Base, and visit an old shipmate.
See you in about an hour".
"You missed it", Buzz's voice said, "You should have gone over to the Pagan Room with us.
Buzz was a tireless instigator who never let his victims rest.
She said, semi-professionally.
It gave her a lewd, winking effect.
What would happen next?
Do you know these women go all through Alaska, and they don't have the proper facilities?
Not that religion isn't big business;
"Don't forget whiskey;
I'll think it over".
On the way he stopped at the desk to receive his mail.
Just to test himself, he played roulette for quarters on his old combination, five and seventeen, and within an hour, he had won, surprisingly, twenty dollars.
He sat down next to a heavily-upholstered blonde, but she was cleaned out in twenty minutes.
"I'm just logging", the cowboy explained.
This Sparky can rack and single-foot and he's the fastest thing in Washoe County.
He had no great prejudice against shills;
He was shorter and fatter than Owen, who felt good standing next to him.
"How's your luck, honey"?
"It sort of brings a lump to my throat".
Alexander walked away.
"Cromwell, of course.
"Where did you gather all this information, Heiser?
And it was clear that Adrien was not mistaken, for both Small and Cromwell took no step toward aiding in the sending up of the new topgallant mast till Philip Spencer had given the signal to obey.
In the tiny cabin, Alexander met with Gansevoort, Heiser and Wales to speak and to listen.
Mr. Heiser, does this sound like a truly workable plan to you?
"Of course, I agree with the Captain", Gansevoort said thoughtfully, "but the conspiracy is ferocious and desperate.
A great deal of labor we have as well, for we are too uncertain of where trust may be placed".
One did one's best and if fortune frowned, an eighteen-year-old boy with murder in his heart sailed aboard one's ship.
Stern-faced, he inspected the prisoners, satisfying himself that they were clean, well fed and comfortable within reason.
"I cannot speak for others, sir, but I am innocent".
Alexander knew Spencer too well to think him naive or thick-skulled.
He was your constant companion".
"Before God, Captain, I am innocent".
The air smelled warmish and foul.
Rachel had seen me watching the young man.
Rachel talked to him.
He turned his surly, half-closed eyes toward us, stared for a second, then shouted in Yiddish, "One, two, three"!
The teacher plunged the children into a new portion, this time in Hebrew, rapping the stick incessantly.
The tapping defined the rhythm and kept the boys awake.
"Except for Shabbat, when they are praying all day".
I didn't look at him.
You had to be stupid or crazy or immortal.
She wished to change much for the children here".
She stayed here to work for Aliah.
It was an impulse when she was here in Me'a She'arim -- I was with her -- that led her to stay in Israel.
But she sighed and her face relaxed.
At first I thought they were relatives of your mother, but it was not so.
A few hours after the son was arrested, your mother was informed.
Rachel gave me a direct, bright-eyed look.
she was terribly alone.
he did not let her choose her own food.
She thought.
Like Mattie and the mayor up there gripping the microphone and Toonker Burkette back in his office yanking out teeth, like they all knew he would.
And he can be on the way to Memphis, your Gratt Shafer can, and you discover you can stay alive and hate him and love him and want him even if it means you want him -- really want him -- dead.
And you know you will always wonder all of your life whether it was because you wanted him so bad that you didn't get him, and you can feel nearly sorry enough to cry when you think of that other guy, the chump who begged you to marry him, the one with the plastered hair and the car he couldn't afford and the too-shiny shoes.
The mayor envisioned factories there.
You laughed and then your chest swelled and you felt you could cry for a little bit, and then a feeling hit you like a chill in your stomach and the goose bumps rippled along your arm.
The two little bangs meant that he was getting impatient to have a crowd of customers waited on and that if he had to he would jerk open the door and drag out, by the opposite door handle which she would be clutching, whichever-the-hell clerk it was who thought she could waste so much store time on the pot.
I even ferreted out the materials from which shields were made -- linden wood covered with leather -- so I'd get the light reflections accurate.
McKenzie was as happy as a clam.
It may have been true for all I know, because his glasses were like the bottoms of milk bottles, but it didn't prevent the paintings from being exciting.
It wasn't just the pressure of work, although that was the excuse I often used, even to myself.
He didn't look like what I thought of as an old man, and his lively and erudite speech made him seem even younger.
"By yourself"?
"The artist is like a fragment of a mosaic -- no, he is more than that, a virtuoso performer in some vast philharmonic.
He teaches at the Manhattan School of Art".
"Not quite".
Contact with him is stimulating.
We hold safe little jobs illustrating tooth-paste ads or the salacious incidents in trivial novels, and most of our easel painting is nothing but picking the fluff out of the navel so it can be contemplated in greater purity.
I don't know that it was always as rewarding as I had expected it to be.
"Via", she was frowning.
I'll call her".
"It narrows down down down and finally there is no way out.
I felt more cheerful, as if I had had a part in bringing her through to a greater tolerance of herself.
Even at a car's length I could sense that something was wrong, and so I followed her up to the turnaround in front of the house.
And when they spoke they spoke to each other and not to me.
But it seemed not from what they were saying.
Was it a hysterical release from the long strain of vigilance of those weeks?
It is absurd of course to say that that one exclamation estranged me from the family I considered my very own, but there it hangs, a cooling void that broke our close connection with each other.
"It was nobody's fault.
Yes, I had cried out that I knew she'd do it, but without my fully realizing it at the time, it was a cry of triumph for her, praise at her deliverance from pettiness and greed -- and guilt.
Together we waited in her car until the hearse moved out and we followed it down into the heavy traffic of New Jersey.
"Oh, I'd drink with newspaper people.
"Umm, uhhu".
"You must have been good at history at school.
Why are you trying to worry me"?
"What's the matter"?
I like them".
Can't you wear something else and look a little more as though you belonged"?
And when they stood by the fountain in the piazza looking at Santa Maria he had to keep a straight face, not letting on he had been there with Alberto.
"It's ten o'clock.
Not his poor mother's fault.
What was the matter with him that they all wearied him?
And he waited for her to say, "Oh, no, I can do it, Sam.
Her words remained with him, worrying him for hours.
Watching her, he felt like a spectator at a tennis game, with the ball being bounced back and forth.
And Sam thanked her, and hoped he might meet her nephew back home, and asked her if she had any further news of the Pope.
No, he was indeed a saint now.
But Carla's eyes were on Agnese whose glowing face and softening eyes gave her a look of warmth and happiness.
His breath caught, and, trembling, he closed his eyes and stumbled off.
"I shall call your father!
"Go take helsq'iyokom, your evil spirit, to the young boys", the woman said.
"Go back to your lodges"!
"Go back to that double-married man of yours who so parades his fine body among the young women.
Do not let the wicked spirits enter your brain".
The sounds of an animal in rage and despair.
He shouted like a hoarse old mastiff, his hair stiff and bristling.
And a very young one, Swan Necklace, tried to emulate them and followed timidly.
He was always aware of the women's eyes which followed him, admiring him.
The,
She felt as if some dark, totally unfamiliar shape would clutch at her arm;
The hour couldn't change it.
I wish so much someone loved me.
His fingers fumbled across the bandages.
He shivered, and then tore away the blood-soaked parts and wound the rest around his neck like a scarf.
He peered at his wristwatch.
He was drinking another glass of water.
George did not reply.
"I -- I was just leaving here, Julie.
"Pietro's driving me.
Or maybe a drink"?
"As a great favor, Julie", he said, "please don't mention you've seen me".
He imagined Sam's voice: "George, what the hell goes on"?
Outside the Lincoln was parked.
He took her hand.
He asked.
"Are you positive you'll be all right by yourself"?
It was an automatic phrase;
He had shut his door with the brass number screwed to it.
That upsets me more than anything.
Oh hell no, I'm not in a hospital.
No, darling I'd rather you didn't come out".
Who knew about it?
she knew that.
she always packed for a lifetime, just in case.
Lucy did not believe him;
"That was an awfully long two weeks".
Remembering that succession of disasters, she now considered Cathy, an ominous child-cloud on her horizon.
Jim was so indignant it was obvious that no matter what he said, he too had seen the looming specter of a forever-Cathy.
Myra, with her news, was on the other end of the line.
"Well, at last", she said, because Susan was clattering down the stairs.
"Now, now", Lucy said, approaching Susan with a handkerchief, mopping skillfully.
That was one more reason she didn't look forward to Cathy's visit, short or long;
The handsome bird was solitary;
As long as the unscrupulous Myra chose?
When she picked up the receiver, her mother's cheerful voice was there.
You could think yourself as grown up as Methuselah, yet the maternal voice still kept its comforting magic.
her mother was forthright;
Shocked speechless, Lucy sat there.
Then, if Myra does nothing about fetching her, I'll pack her right back to her mother -- if I have to take her myself"!
She was at the moment just a small, walking package, being delivered to her aunt's and uncle's house.
They walked slowly past the sherbet-colored cottages -- eleven lemon, nine mint, seven orange -- around the curve to a deserted stand with an "Eats" sign jiggling in the wind.
He was Canute controlling the waves.
Every piece of the nightmare was clear, in place;
He says you're limping more than you need to".
She called him "Stuck-up -- that's why nobody plays with you, Mister Stuck-up".
He stood on the rock, a skinny, dignified boy surrounded by the ocean.
"Why didn't you duck"?
They started with the Kansas-Nebraska Bill of eighteen" --
"You shouldn't smoke so much", he said, unconsciously imitating Victoria's holier-than-thou voice.
She seemed so unimpressed that he was obliged to roll up his blue jeans so she could see his brace.
Maggie had shaken himself awake and was licking the sand off his stubby whiskers and his long plume of a tail.
Last Tuesday he went on a ham jag".
That was how they started being friends.
Personally, I prefer straight hair like yours, but as they say on the Continent,'What can one do'"?
"Really".
Let's get dressed up -- the doctor's taking us out tonight".
But it was such a nice thought that he nodded his head.
"Nobody gave me flowers before.
They were eating breakfast.
Victoria, I want you to --"
The unbearable weight on his chest?
Wasn't it adult and realistic to look at it that way?
You talked about John-and-Linda as an entity.
He was a bright and handsome young man from New York, who worked for the same steel company as John did.
John was at the church with Edythe.
There were less-dramatic reasons too.
She managed a missionary drive for the church once and got the books so confused that old Mr. Webber, the eldest elder, who'd never donated more than five dollars to anything, had to cough up five hundred dollars to avoid a scandal in what Edythe called "the bosoms of the church".
And then came the hairpin turn, the smashed Jaguar and Linda, mourning alone and lovely.
It was up to her to save Poor John, dear John, to undo the wrong she had done, but she trembled at the decision as at the brink of a cold stream.
Alloy steels and regular steels had different sales departments at Smith & MacIsaacs, where John and Bobbie both worked.
They had their first real fight, and Bobbie went off to get drunk.
And also, the money can't mean as much to Bobbie.
"Shirley appreciated the chance to make some money.
"Janice, nobody answers at the apartment"!
I was all set for what came next.
I'd do it.
"I'm -- hard to wake up", she faltered.
"Janice, would you mind staying"?
After I looked in at Francie, I went into the living room and waited.
He lurched and stumbled to the davenport and sank down on it, and was instantly asleep.
"you'd better simmer down", I said nervously.
And we'll be poor and have to live in a grubby little house like yours -- and all because of that" --
I got her into bed, and sat with her until she had sobbed herself out.
I kept on being thankful.
And I was plastered and I blew my stack" --
On top of everything else they were two months behind on their apartment rent, and the day Wally received written notice that he was fired, they were evicted.
We can let them move in with us" --
Well, now she can sleep in the street for all I care"!
His luck had failed him, and it was easier to crawl off into bed than to get out and fight the world.
I figured I could stand practically anything for a couple of weeks.
"By fall they'll be back in school", I'd say, trying to sound encouraging.
For the thousandth time, I wished I'd chosen some nice, nine-to-five, five-days-a-week profession.
Growing up without a mother from the time she was three -- it wasn't a good thing for a child, even knowing the kind of mother Alice had been.
But once I was alone again, driving to the hospital, the heaviness returned.
Seven is a women's floor and, as it happened, not very busy right then.
But there was something about her -- and I felt my lips forming a name.
she'd been picked up downtown, passed out in the doorway.
"Hey"!
"Have you spoken to a doctor about it"?
On my way to the elevator, I ran into Pete.
"If you can keep her here that long", Pete said wryly.
What do you want"?
Even if we do, you'll be out of here in a week, probably".
"I've got cancer, haven't I"?
Again there was something familiar about her, something --
Guess I've changed, haven't I?
"But why did you come back"?
Let me outta here!
Her dark cool caresses were sweeter than any woman's;
It was when I packed up what duds I had and went to Paris.
I felt like a Hun in Rome.
I didn't know a human could feed so fast and still be beautiful.
Toward the break of day I waxed philosophical, and drew analogies about her way of eating bread and cheese.
So I drank more cognac.
I went out into it.
It gave her propriety.
She was silent for a while, then said, "Why are you so unhappy"?
I felt my frozen sad face crumble, and I grinned a silly one I couldn't have helped.
I could see she was shocked.
Not good looking, but self-confident and wise so that it made her attractive.
I think we were very tired, for we awoke at the same moment, deeply rested, surprised to see the late morning sun on the windows, which were wet where the rime had melted.
"Yeah, but breakfast first".
"But I already have!
We sat back comfortably on the bed with our last cups of coffee.
"All right".
The cynicism was back in her eyes, a bitter wisdom, and I wondered if forty were not so far wrong after all.
Two letters had arrived for Miss Theresa Stubblefield: she put them in her bag.
There's nothing to stop me now.
The azaleas were as large as shrubs, and their myriad blooms, many still tight in the bud, ranged in color from purple through fuchsia and rose to the palest pink, along with many white ones too.
Strange, but she was.
Somebody had scrawled American Express, Piazza di Spagna?
All the fine old stock was dying out, look at the world today.
He had hobbled downstairs into the parlor, in his agony, and was sitting, wrapped in his bathrobe, on a footstool.
"Poor Cousin Elec", George said.
A new bathroom would certainly have to be put in.
Yet here they were obviously thought to be handsome, and felt themselves to be so.
Was he ever successful, Theresa wondered.
It never registered with them that I had time to read all of Balzac, Dickens, and Stendhal while Papa was dying, not to mention everything in the city library after Mother's operation.
I knew it as surely as everybody in Westfield -- that Lucille was a husband stealer.
And so I was really upset the first time I discovered that my boy friend Johnnie was seeing Mrs. Warren.
Johnnie was a trucker with a small lumber outfit in a town about twenty miles away, and he was also pretty good at anything in the carpentry line.
I didn't like it one bit.
It was weeks before we even kissed for the first time.
"Who drinks far too much".
"You wouldn't.
At first, Johnnie hadn't understood -- how could he, not being a religious person like me?
Astonishingly enough, it was my own voice I heard there in the darkness, begging this man to make love to me.
I had had no wedding ceremony, no witnesses, no certificate of marriage, but I had all the joy that goes with them.
I felt no conflict between what I was doing and my strict religious upbringing.
Just because he was honorable enough to want to continue supporting his two children, as any decent man would, that was no reason he should be denied his own small share of happiness too.
She'd have gotten him, if I hadn't stopped her.
Convention time in Boston.
My cousin Alma, at whose home I was staying during the convention, introduced me to a group of young people from Rhode Island.
"Well, I should find Alma" -- I began.
Johnnie I suddenly realized he'd been totally out of my thoughts all evening.
"No -- really".
He looked around his little Eden: bureau, bed, table, chair, two-burner stove.
Charlie downed his orange juice and one of the long, skinny green pills, his spirits as damp as the day.
but Charlie knew what was wrong with him and knew, too, that there was no pill to cure it.
He had noticed before that the natives seemed to regard really filthy weather as a kind of Pyhrric victory over the tourists.
As for its being fine, day after tomorrow, he had the unhappy conviction that it would never be fine again, with Vivian lost to him forever.
"Would you mind wrapping your onion"?
"Ugh".
He mused aloud.
I've got this cold".
He could hear Mrs. Kirby now, warning her pale guest against sunburn.
When Charlie came up from the beach for his four-o'clock pill, the whole establishment (gaudy enough when seen through mist and fog) looked like a floodlit modern painting -- great blocks of dizzy color, punctuated at regular intervals by the glaring white of five community refrigerators.
"I've got this cold", he wrote.
She didn't sound like a pale girl.
There were a sprinkling of daring bikinis and a preponderance of glorified tank suits.
"You're having a miserable time, aren't you?
She might peel him, once the worst of the agony was over.
She didn't say you were puny.
For a few innings the Anniston team couldn't figure him out.
But the Anniston boy had begun his slide too late.
When the inning was over he cursed the Anniston catcher all the way into the dugout.
So help me God, I'll get him".
But Mike had no chance of being tagged.
The Riverside physician came down to look over the injured ballplayer.
No one said a word.
The Anniston manager looked at Eddie Lee.
"Hit the bum"!
"One more and I'm coming out there"!
In the next moment, it seemed, the infield was crowded with spectators, ballplayers, cops, kids and a dog.
Eddie Lee had not come in yet.
Mike had a good two inches over Phil and Phil had to look up into Mike's face.
He sat down before Eddie's desk.
Phil stood up.
You haven't got the heart for baseball".
You just haven't got the heart for pro-ball, and that's it".
Deegan had no business ramming into that kid out there.
He stood up slowly.
"What happened"?
They were silent for a few moments.
"Why not try another club"?
"Sure", he said.
"That's the way to talk.
"Did you think there were two"?
His mother, who had seen little of him for four years, appeared worried about his sailing off by himself for an Orient which, she herself having slight knowledge of it, had to be distrusted.
During his second week at sea he brought the curious melody out of the instrument and suddenly wanted to force the biwa to remain at just that moment in its history when it had given him pleasure.
At one such gathering Charlotte announced, "I was at Ryusenji today.
Richard had kept his eyes down throughout the game, the very sound of the chatter nearly painful to his ears.
You've never been to Ryusenji"?
"And the water would be still colder", Ceecee seemed to shiver at the thought of it.
Perhaps he sensed some connection between the incident on the freighter and the ascetic at Ryusenji, he was unable to put it together.
Into a little well before the temple he dropped a hundred-yen coin and then he had an urge to sound the bell before the temple, to take hold of the rope and crash it against the circle of bronze;
The cold lingered, making sleep difficult that night, and he remained in bed still the next morning, now unable to keep from thinking about the inexplicable sight of burning metal, the wretched sound, the unbearable feeling of having been to a remote Tokyo temple at some earlier time in his life.
The snake slid slowly and with great care from the new ridge the plow had made, into the furrow and did not go any further.
His flat and gracefully tapered head lifted as I looked at him and the black tongue slipped in and out of that solemn mouth.
It shone in its bright diamond color against the sun-burned stubble and the crumbled black clods of soil and against the paleness of myself.
I stopped the tractor and I shouted down to the boy, and I knew he could hear me, for the morning was clear and still, but he did not even hesitate in that brutal, murdering dance.
He was a beautiful boy, really, with finely-spun blonde hair and a smooth and still effeminate face, and his eyelashes were long and dark and brushlike, and his eyes were blue.
I pointed to the splintered, upright stake.
Didn't you see how beautiful it was"?
"You killed it because you wanted to kill it, for no other reason".
I wrenched the stake out, that the boy had driven through it in the thickest part of its body, between the colored diamond crystals.
"Don't you see what you have done"?
I wanted to slap his face, to wipe forever the insolence and brutal glee from his mouth, and I decided then, very suddenly, what I would do.
His son who did not know whether he wanted to be doctor, lawyer, merchant or chief.
Cady looked at his own son's scholastic record with pride.
David had the same gray eyes, high cheekbones, dark hair and a certain rugged ugliness.
That you have refused to drive him into the family business or push him into a profession so you can say at the club, "Of course David has known since he was twelve he wanted to be an engineer" -- or a lawyer, or an editor?
There, that did it.
She said what she meant and let it be.
Now you have to be well rounded, firm in motivation and pre-packed with knowledge"!
"Oh", said Mr. Partlow, "that's fine, Tom.
So sorry.
"No, I begged off.
"I'm sorry, Dave.
Charles Burke got turned down by Dartmouth and he is a straight-A student".
Cady trailed her with the coffee cups and settled into his favorite chair in the comfortable book-lined room.
Already he could feel Anne's questioning eyes.
Just missed the first".
Those aren't his interests now".
"Yes, he's just there.
"But you know how hard it is to get a boy into a good college.
Why don't you ask him"?
He just hasn't developed them yet.
The pair of white cotton shorts ruled his life.
The smooth curve of her neck, very white against hair which curled against it like petals.
There was too little occasion beforehand for resistance, the brave strong delights of emotional clash and meeting.
He smiled to himself, and decided not to mention them till Dolores did.
my nerves are as strong.
Bill's hat was deposited in the hall closet.
The Brainards went home early.
In his head was the echo of those titters with Anthea.
Let the best sex win.
Others asked.
Dolores smiled;
The shorts alone remained.
he would cut a supremely ridiculous figure.
He felt that it would be a particular humiliation to Dolores to pick up her own underwear which he had laid on the floor.
The next morning, while Dolores was out of the room, he went to her bureau drawer, took out a pair of nylon lace pants, and tenderly dropped them next to his shorts.
Well, Martin thought, That'll save.
A rush of memory swept him back, and he forgot Cap.
Gerry began to aid Freddy with her father, prodded, no doubt, by Joan's open contempt for Freddy and William's irritating competency.
With Herberet's blessing, he was convinced that Allstates'Wisconsin folly would be ideal for conversion to airplane sub-assembly, tanks, missiles or ordnance of some kind.
Besides that, I'm acquainted more or less with the defense hardware situation through my contacts in the Air Force.
Freddy is deeply committed to our plans already.
Let me think about it.
Stock Willis held in abundance fell sharply in value.
He thought the financing, the advertising, the production of new models, the founding of a nationwide chain of dealerships was simply too difficult.
Are you willing to run the gantlet?
Forgive the hearts and flowers theme".
William said.
We've arrived at an age for romance and snobbery.
Mr. Willis made it evident that he had contributed his maximum.
A silence fell.
Spike-haired, burly, red-faced, decked with horn-rimmed glasses and an Ivy League suit, Jack Hamrick awaited William at the officers'club.
They headed in that direction and, at San Juan Capistrano By-the-Sea came upon Barco sitting in the quaint old Spanish Mission Drive-in, eating a hot tamale.
but the old fellow, a lifelong teetotaler, refused it, and no more was thought of the matter.
It'll be a lot better if you come clean".
Ridiculous"!
The next day the police captain, in derision, organized what he termed "Welch's Wild Goose Chase".
The newspaper boys cracked jokes and again Barco's pride was aroused.
Welch was wild with delight.
It wasn't long before I sensed that there was something deeper than overvaulting ambition back of his desire for Viola's destruction.
And it so happened that adjacent to a couch on which she had taken refuge was a small table on which she noted a vase of red rosebuds;
By such innocent actions are human tragedies sometimes set in motion.
Mother even went so far as to trump up for me matrimonial opportunities with Pasadena debs who had been educated abroad, and with those of the more lenient Los Angeles area where a debutante was a girl who had been to high school.
Here's a household hint: if you can't find your children, and get tired of calling them, pick up the phone.
It seemed that I would be the gainer if I accepted the peace and quiet, instead of carrying out my threats.
the yellow pages of the telephone book were amazingly thin).
They had honeymooned in Rome;
Francesca and Herbert considered themselves violently nonconformist and showed the world they were by filling their Colonial house with contemporary furniture and paintings and other art objects (expensive, but not necessarily valuable, contemporary things).
She always let it be known that there was wine in the pot roast or that the chicken had been marinated in brandy, and that Koussevitzky's second cousin was an intimate of theirs.
not Blanche.
The husbands of these women and others I had met in Catatonia were distinguished only in that they were, to me at least, indistinguishable.
They were "sincere" -- men of the too-hearty handclasp and the urgent smile.
people who thought it was nice to be important, but not important to be nice;
Jennie had shouted each time.
Needless to say, I was furious at this unparalleled intrusion upon free enterprise.
I fought like a tigress but by the time I appealed my case to the Supreme Court (1937), Mr. Roosevelt and his "henchmen" had done their "dirty work" all too well, even going so far as to attempt to "pack" the highest tribunal in the land in order to defeat little me.
Heywood Broun wrote: "Belle Poitrine is the most original thinker since Caligula", and even F.D.R. had to concede that "if the rest of this nation showed the foresight and patriotism of Miss Poitrine, America would rapidly resemble ancient Babylon and Nineveh".
I tried my hardest, with little help, may I say, from my husband and leading man, but somehow the outside pressures were too severe.
And at three different times during our turbulent marriage strange girls, with the commonest of accents, telephoned to announce to me that Letch had sired their unborn children!
With faint heart and a brave smile, I endured his long absences from Chateau Belletch, his coldness, his indifference, his slights and his abuse.
But in order to keep Letch in the public eye and out of trouble, I wrote in a part especially for him -- that of a dashing ruffian who "sees the light" and is saved by the inspiring example of Mother Cabrini.
Thanks to Letch Feeley and the terrible strain he imposed on me, the notices were few and unfavorable.
At the same time, however, I availed myself of the services of that great English actor and master of make-up, Sir Gauntley Pratt, to do a "quickie" called The Mystery of the Mad Marquess, in which I played a young American girl who inherits a haunted castle on the English moors which is filled with secret passages and sliding panels and, unbeknownst to anyone, is still occupied by an eccentric maniac.
Her reply stung me, but this was too important to let my hurt make any difference.
Then they had always been romping around him on these walks, yelping with delight, dashing off into the bushes on fruitless hunting expeditions, returning to jump up on him triumphantly with muddy paws.
How in the world had he formerly found time to build up a business, raise a family, be on half a dozen boards, work actively on committees and either go out in the evening or plow through the contents of a bulging brief case?
There was no compulsion behind them.
He went down to Mills and Bradley's Hardware Store and bought a full set of carpenter's tools, including a rotary power saw and several other pieces of power machinery that Mr. Mills said were essential for babbiting and doweling, whatever they were.
It gave him a chance to unload the stuff and get it down to the cellar without a barrage of acid comments.
Perhaps one bored holes in the stone with some kind of an electric gadget.
Perhaps he had better have someone help him put up the pegboard and build the workbench -- someone who knew what he was about.
There wasn't any such thing any more.
While Mr. Blatz was putting up the pegboards and starting the workbench, Mr. Crombie told him of this idea about paneling the whole end of the cellar.
That ain't too bad'ceptin'the light company's so busy you can't ever get'em to do nothin'".
Mr. Crombie couldn't remember his saying any such thing.
Ambiguity
Another woman, addressing Christmas cards, said to her husband: "We sent them one last year but they didn't send us one, so they probably won't send us one this year because they'll think we won't send them one because they didn't last year, don't you think, or shall we"?
They recall Byron's classic comment: "I wish he would explain his explanation".
A verse familiar to all grammarians is the quatrain: "I saw a man once beat his wife When on a drunken spree.
In one cartoon a family is shown outside a theater with the head of the family addressing the doorman: "Excuse me, but when we came out we found that we had left my daughter's handbag and my wife's behind".
Apart from misplaced modifiers and headlinese, journalism contributes a wide variety of comic ambiguities in both editorial and advertising matter.
Not without good reason has the anatomical been called jocular journalese.
It read: "Shot in the lumbar region".
She said to the saleslady, "I want a dress to put on around the house".
"I may be back", he explained, "and then again, I may not".
No less ambiguous was the indefinity of a certain clergyman's sermon.
"What are my chances for taking Joe's place"?
There was a short pause for reflection.
It would be hard to find anything more equivocal than: "I cannot recommend him too highly".
My husband is in great pain.
It has identified itself with the very tension and terror it once did so much to alleviate.
Moreland fixed us each another drink, and said, "For God's sake, tell me something truly amusing".
"Let's talk about books", Moreland said.
In our present era of Science and Angst, the heart has been downgraded, to use one of our popular retrogressive verbs".
"The heart", I said finally, "is now either in the throat or the mouth or the stomach or the shoes.
"Or perhaps a new Noel Coward"?
disturbing, as when one says that a friend is acting funny;
then he turned to me.
-- if that can be screamed in their language".
"Such as"?
It seems to me that the first human being to reach one of these planets may well learn what it is to be a truly great and noble species".
There is a bitter satire for a future writer in that".
Arlene had a hard voice, too, this time.
In matters of exact information, that kept her one step behind developments;
First, Arlene had put them through some rapid somersaults.
But not hard for very long.
"I'm General Burnside's horse, upside down", Arlene said, sort of gaspingly, for her: even she had to breathe kind of funny when she was in that position.
It was General Burnside's horse running in a circle.
But not General Burnside.
"You ought to shake", Arlene advised them.
My mother constituted herself the voice of all of us.
"She really is a dear little thing", my mother agreed.
One could hear a very faint, ladylike sigh of relief.
And I found a radish.
It was in the air.
When he had left, I could never remember whether he had poked them in their middles, laughingly, with a thick index finger or whether he was merely so much the sort of person who did this that one assumed the action, not bothering to look.
But, at the beginning, this stayed just in the air.
"No", he said.
Only, unfortunately, he could not remove from his voice a nagging insinuation of the direct command.
the hostess in her took over.
The story opens on the eve of his fifty-third birthday, as he prepares for the two weeks of festivities that are to follow.
We caught the early train to New York.
In this manner, he seeks to expunge from his own soul the guilt pangs caused by his personal assaults against the English at Dunkirk.
A major portion of the credit should also go to flautist Haumd for his rendering of the almost impossible "Indianapolis" movement in the Baslot.
The innocence that they tried to conceal at the beginning is clearly destroyed forever when one of them, asking for a piece of lemon-meringue pie, gets a plate of English muffins instead.
Opera in the Grand Tradition, along with mah-jongg, seems to be staging a well-deserved comeback.
We have heard that after seeing Mr. Quasimodo's work it will be virtually impossible to deny the artistic validity and importance of the whole abstract movement.
It is, I am reliably given to understand, the technical argot for those who engage in your particular branch of the boost;
Sometime on Saturday evening, August 22nd, while my family and I were dining at the Hostaria dell'Orso, in Rome, you jimmied a window of our home in Bucks County, Pennsylvania, and let yourselves into the premises.
Fourteen of the sculptures you took possess properties of a most curious and terrifying nature, as you will observe when your limbs begin to wither and your hair falls out in patches.
Eight or ten years ago, a couple of French hoods stole a priceless Khmer head from the Musee Guimet, in Paris, and a week later crawled into the Salpetriere with unmistakable symptoms of leprosy.
Nuf sed.
Still, there it is.
His energy was prodigious;
The next time we saw him, he was a changed person;
he was talking to himself thirteen to the dozen and smoking two cigars at once, clearly a man in extremis.
As you can count on me to do the same.
