The jury further said in term-end presentments that the City Executive Committee, which had over-all charge of the election, "deserves the praise and thanks of the City of Atlanta" for the manner in which the election was conducted.
Implementation of Georgia's automobile title law was also recommended by the outgoing jury.
"These actions should serve to protect in fact and in effect the court's wards from undue costs and its appointed and elected servants from unmeritorious criticisms", the jury said.
His petition charged mental cruelty.
His political career goes back to his election to city council in 1923.
Five per cent of the voters in each county must sign petitions requesting that the Republicans be allowed to place names of candidates on the general election ballot, or 2
Construction bonds
While emphasizing that technical details were not fully worked out, Pelham said his resolution would seek to set aside the privilege resolution which the House voted through 87-31.
Colquitt
The former county school superintendent, George P. Callan, shot himself to death March 18, four days after he resigned his post in a dispute with the county school board.
Under committee rules, it went automatically to a subcommittee for one week.
Rep. Charles E. Hughes of Sherman, sponsor of the bill, said a failure to enact it would amount "to making a gift out of the taxpayers'pockets to banks, insurance and pipeline companies".
The TEA estimated there would be 182 scholastics to attend the day school in Dallas County, saving them from coming to Austin to live in the state deaf school.
One validated acts of school districts.
Natural gas public utility companies would be given the right of eminent domain, under a bill by Sen. Frank Owen 3, of El Paso, to acquire sites for underground storage reservoirs for gas.
All Dallas members voted with Roberts, except Rep. Bill Jones, who was absent.
"This is a poor boy's bill", said Chapman.
College teachers in Texas are not required to have the Education courses.
He has served as a border patrolman and was in the Signal Corps of the U.S. Army.
These, he said, are "two of the principal underlying causes for family breakups leading to ADC".
"The statements may be highly prejudicial to my client", Bellows told the court.
Shortly after the Chief Executive returned to Washington in midmorning from Hyannis Port, Mass., a White House spokesman said the address text still had "quite a way to go" toward completion.
Issue jury subpoenas
The cases involved judges in the 33d, 24th, and 42d precincts of the 31st ward, the 21st and 28th precincts of the 29th ward, the 18th precinct of the 4th ward, and the 9th precinct of the 23d ward.
Cost up to $37 a year
These would be paid for out of general, not payroll, taxes.
Community visiting nurse services at home for up to 240 days an illness.
They would still be paid by the patient.
More for nursing homes
The President said he will also propose increasing, by an unspecified amount, the 540 million dollars in the 1961-62 budget for direct government research in medicine.
-- Acting hastily under White House pressure, the Senate tonight confirmed Robert C. Weaver as the nation's federal housing chief.
In Oslo, the ministers have met in a climate of candor, and made a genuine attempt to get information and understanding one another's problems.
One diplomat described the tenor of Secretary of State Dean Rusk's speeches as "inconclusive".
The annual spring meeting has given an impetus in three main directions: more, deeper, and more timely political consultation within the alliance, the use of the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development (when ratified) as a method of coordinating aid to the underdeveloped countries, and the need for strengthening conventional forces as well as the maintenance of the nuclear deterrent.
Policies modified
It does not take a Gallup poll to find out that most Republicans in Congress feel this understates the situation as Republicans see it.
and concentrate its constructive efforts on eliminating in other parts of Latin America the social conditions on which totalitarian nationalism feeds".
In Laos, the administration looked at the Eisenhower administration efforts to show determination by sailing a naval fleet into Southeast Asian waters as a useless gesture.
The pro-Western government, which the United States had helped in a revolt against the Souvanna Phouma "neutralist" government, never did appear to spark much fighting spirit in the Royal Lao Army.
Offenses multiply
Noting that President Kennedy has handed the Defense Department the major responsibility for the nation's civil defense program, Mr. Hawksley said the federal government would pay half the salary of a full-time local director.
Speaking of the present status of civil defense in the city, Mr. Hawksley said he would be willing to bet that not more than one person in a hundred would know what to do or where to go in the event of an enemy attack.
The governor's move into the so-called "blue law" controversy came in the form of a letter to Miss Mary R. Grant, deputy city clerk of Central Falls.
There has been more activity across the state line in Massachusetts than in Rhode Island in recent weeks toward enforcement of the Sunday sales laws.
He suggested that a regrouping of forces might allow the average voter a better pull at the right lever for him on election day.
He said he favors wage increases for workers -- "but manufacturers are caught in a profit squeeze" -- and raises should only come when the public is conditioned to higher prices, he added.
Mr. Bourcier said that he had consulted several Superior Court justices in the last week and received opinions favoring both procedures.
Increasing opposition can be expected in coming weeks, it was indicated.
-- James P. Mitchell and Sen. Walter H. Jones R-Bergen, last night disagreed on the value of using as a campaign issue a remark by Richard J. Hughes, Democratic gubernatorial candidate, that the GOP is "Campaigning on the carcass of Eisenhower Republicanism".
The former secretary of labor said he was proud to be an Eisenhower Republican "and proud to have absorbed his philosophy" while working in his adminstration.
Mitchell decried the high rate of unemployment in the state and said the Meyner administration and the Republican-controlled State Senate "Must share the blame for this".
His reference to'discredited carcass'or'tattered remains'of the president's leadership is an insult to the man who led our forces to victory in the greatest war in all history, to the man who was twice elected overwhelmingly by the American people as president of the United States, and who has been the symbol to the world of the peace-loving intentions of the free nations.
"We have witnessed in this campaign the effort to project Mr. Mitchell as the image of a unity candidate from Washington.
Although he pointed out that mandatory legislation impinging on home rule is basically distasteful, he added that the vital interest in election results transcended county lines.
Under his supervision, the state fire-fighting agency developed such techniques as plowing of fire lines and established a fleet of tractor plows and tractor units for fire fighting.
But we'll have a liberal, well planned, forward looking, honest platform.
Hughes supported Gov. Meyner's "Green Acres" plan for saving large tracts of open land from the onrush of urban development.
I'm not afraid to tangle with the Republican nominee".
Some anti-organization Democrats saw in the program an opportunity to end the bitter internal fight within the Democratic party that has been going on for the last three years.
He is publicly on record as believing Mr. De Sapio should be replaced for the good of the party.
"It didn't come from me.
Corruption is hardly a recent development in the city and state that were widely identified as the locale of Edwin O'Connor's novel, "The Last Hurrah".
-- Congress starts another week tomorrow with sharply contrasting forecasts for the two chambers.
The $6,100,000,000 measure, which was passed last Monday by the Senate, provides for forty-year mortgages at low down-payments for moderate-income families.
Twelve projects proposed by private groups are at the contract-negotiation stage, Gordon Boyce, director of relations with the voluntary agencies, said in a Washington interview.
The U. S. Government pays for all its overseas workers".
Moscow, June 18
This was disclosed today by a responsible source amid intensified efforts by the Soviet Union to gain a greater role in the staff and operation of the United Nations.
Each member with a population above 150,000,000 would get one additional post for each additional 30,000,000 people up to an unspecified cut-off point.
W. Averell Harriman of the United States, Malcolm MacDonald of Britain, Maurice Couve De Murville, France's Foreign Minister, and Howard C. Green, Canada's Minister of External Affairs, concluded, meanwhile, a round of consultations here on future tactics in the conference.
The new promotion manager has been employed by the company since January, 1946, as a commercial artist in the advertising department.
Pennsylvania Avenue, named for one of the original 13 states, perhaps is not the most impressive street in the District of Columbia from a commercial standpoint.
Seats on square
Then will come nine other states in the order of their admission to the union.
Consequently, it is uncertain after nearly 12 months in office just which direction the Barnett administration will take in the coming year.
Barnett is not expected to be able to withstand the pressure.
Reports are that it is more than probable that the four congressmen from Mississippi who did not support the party ticket will be stripped of the usual patronage which flows to congressmen.
The administration could not say why $28 million was needed for a grant-in-aid program.
Underlying concern
Constant problem
Estimates of the city's loss in the $344,000 job have ranged as high as $200,000.
The announcement that the city would sue for recovery on the performance bond was made by City Solicitor David Berger at a press conference following a meeting in the morning with Wagner and other officials of the city and the PTC as well as representatives of an engineering firm that was pulled off the El project before its completion in 1959.
The contract violations mostly involve failure to perform rehabilitation work on expansion joints along the El track.
"We can claim on the maximum amount of the bond", Berger said.
For hotels with 1000 rooms, the increased license fee would mean an expense of $5000 a year, Goodis said.
A proposal to raise dog license fees drew an objection from Councilwoman Virginia Knauer, who formerly raised pedigreed dogs.
The new fee schedule also was supported by Commissioner of Licenses and Inspections Barnet Lieberman and Health Commissioner Eugene A. Gillis.
The tract is bounded by Island Ave., Dicks Ave., 61st St., and Eastwick Ave.
The esplanade would feature pedestrian bridges over roads in the project.
Hood flies over house
A $500 reward was offered by the association's local in Kansas City, Kas.
The military also had demanded pledges that there would be no changes in the laws passed by the junta and no leaders of the Menderes regime now in prison would be pardoned.
"We must persuade them to enjoy a way of life which, if not identical, is congenial with ours", he said but adding that if they do not develop the kind of society they themselves want it will lack ritiuality and loyalty.
Private business is more effective than government aid, he explained, because individuals are able to work with the people themselves.
I think everybody is agreed that we need to hear some voice on the national level that would make some sense and in which we would have some confidence in following.
He will speak to Willamette University Young Republicans Thursday night in Salem.
Other speakers for the fund-raising dinner include Reps. Edith Green and Al Ullman, Labor Commissioner Norman Nilsen and Mayor Terry Schrunk, all Democrats.
The council revised, in an effort to strengthen, the denomination's 16 basic beliefs adopted in 1966.
-- emphasizes the Virgin birth
Friday night the delegates heard the need for their forthcoming program, "Breakthrough" scheduled to fill the churches for the next two years.
we need 100 in Rhode Island, we have none", he said.
U.S. Dist. Judge Charles L. Powell denied all motions made by defense attorneys Monday in Portland's insurance fraud trial.
Indications as late as the top of the sixth were that the Birds were to end their victory draught as they coasted along with a 3-to-o advantage.
The Orioles once again performed at the plate in powderpuff fashion, gathering only seven blows off the offerings of three Kansas City pitchers.
Then three consecutive pinch-hitters failed to produce.
The detailed rundown on the Kansas City scoring in the sixth went like this:
Hansen, who slugged the 1960 Oriole high of 22 homers and drove in 86 runs on a
"I think I can do a better job with the glove, now that I know the hitters around the league a little better", he said.
The 22-year-old southpaw enlisted earlier last fall than did Hansen.
"But they shouldda brought in Tokyo, too", added Old Scrapiron.
Garden Fresh, the result of a mating of Better Self and Rosy Fingered, seems to improve with each start and appeared to win the St. Patrick's Day Purse with some speed in reserve.
Mrs. Grace Butcher, of nearby Chardon, a 27-year-old housewife who has two children, finished in 2.21.6.
Time stands still every time Moritz, a 26-year-old Army Signal Corps veteran, goes into the field.
"So I started practicing on it in spring training.
But he was scholastically ineligible in 1959 and merely present last season.
their total passing yardage in three games, 447 on 30 completions in 56 attempts, is only 22 yards short of their total passing yardage in 1959, when they made 469 on 37 completions in 86 tries.
"We're just real happy for the players", Coach Bill Meek said of the 9-7 victory over the Air Force Academy.
He broke that boy (Air Force fullback Nick Arshinkoff) in two and knocked him loose from the football".
"Kelsey is very doubtful for the Rice game", Meek said.
SMU will play the Owls at Rice Stadium in Houston in a night game Saturday, Oct. 21.
"Just our luck"!
The principal tactic in controlling the ball was giving it to Abner Haynes, the flashy halfback.
A & M has the best defense against passes, 34.7 yards per game.
After Al Paschal gruonded out, Jay Cooke walked and Jim McDaniel singled home McAuliffe.
Bingles and bobbles:
St. Paul-Minneapolis, May 1 -- (AP)
A double by Green, Allison's run-scoring 2-baser, an infield single by Lemon and Gardner's solid single to center put the Twins back in front in the last of the fifth.
Sports Writer Ensign Ritchie of the Ogden Standard Examiner went to his compartment to talk with him.
Liston is Bill Liston, baseball writer for the Boston Traveler, who quoted Jensen as saying:
And one of the Milwaukee rookies sighed and remarked, "Wish I was 40, and a top-grade big leaguer.
Ed Delahanty and Chuck Klein of the Phillies, the Braves'Joe Adcock, Lou Gehrig of the Yankees, Pat Seerey of the White Sox and Rocky Colavito, then with Cleveland, made their history on the road.
This rule providing for a blackout of televised baseball 30 minutes before the start of a major or minor league game in any area comes from the game's top rulers.
With Mickey Mantle and Yogi Berra both out of action due to injuries, the American League champs still mounted a 15-hit attack against a parade of eight Cincinnati pitchers, the most ever used by one team in a series game.
Philadelphia, Jan. 23
Van Brocklin, the quarterback who led the Eagles to the title, was signed by the Vikings last Wednesday.
He was there one season before rejoining the Steelers as an assistant coach.
Stengel will receive the Ben Epstein Good Guy Award.
Despite countless barriers and disappointments, Shea moved forward.
Shea was born in Manhattan.
Palmer, golf's leading money-winner in 1960, and Snead will be saluted as the winning team in the Canada Cup matches last June in Dublin.
A couple of weeks ago, he scored a monstrous 12 on a par-5 hole.
On the narrow fairway of a 508-yard hole, Arnold whipped into his second shot.
Their secondary hero is another pro, Willie Chisholm, who drank his lunch during another Open and tried to blast his way out of a rock-strewn gully.
If there had been, he would have found a loophole, because Arnold is one golfer who knows the code as thoroughly as the man who wrote the book.
He'll even bull head-on into the rules when he is sure he's right.
"I'll do as you say, but I'll also play a provisional ball and get a ruling".
Pete Rozelle, the league commissioner, pointed out:
Solly Hemus announced a switch in his starting pitcher, from Bob Gibson to Ernie Broglio, for several reasons: 1 Broglio's 4-0 won-lost record and 1.24 earned-run mark against Pittsburgh a year ago;
Nieman kept in lineup.
Six Bucks over.
"Virdon has been blasting the ball.
Then last season the Birds tumbled as low as 11-18 on May 19 before recovering to make a race of it and total 86 victories.
They knew what they could do and it was often a little more than I thought they could do.
As Hartweger accepted his silver bowl, he said, "I want to thank coach's wife for talking him into letting me play".
The victory was the first of the season for the Billikens after nine defeats and a tie.
Mays and Mantle, both 10-year men at 30, have so much ability that, baseball men agree, they've never hit the heights.
Mantle, it's apparent, resented Casey Stengel's attempts to push and prod him into the perfection the veteran manager saw as a thrilling possibility.
Mays'day came a day earlier for Willie than for the kids and Commies this year.
Also present will be the bride's children, Joan, 13, and Kirkland, 11.
Birgit Nilsson will be starred.
The Beadles formerly lived in Lake Forest.
I'm even going to try to get the whirling dervishes of Damascus"!
The international theme will be continued with the Balkan strings playing for a dinner the Byron Harveys will give in the Racquet club after the tea.
Here and there
Comic Gary Morton signed to play the Living Room here Dec. 18, because that's the only time his heart, Lucille Ball, can come along.
George Simon, exec director of Danny Thomas A. L. S. A. C. (Aiding Leukemia Stricken American Children) fund raising group, filled me in on the low-down phonies who are using phones to solicit funds for Danny's St. Jude hospital in Memphis.
Whee the People: Lovely Thrush Annamorena gave up a promising show biz career to apply glamor touches to her hubby, Ray Lenobel's fur firm here.
Nobody's mentioned it, but when ol'Casey Stengel takes over as boss of the New York Mets, he'll be the only baseballight ever to wear the uniform of all New York area clubs, past and present: Yankees, Dodgers, Giants, and now the Mets.
He kids his Tarzan roles more than anyone.
Music for dancing will be furnished by Allen Uhles and his orchestra, who will play each Saturday during June.
Mrs. John C. Vroman Jr. of Manzanola is spending several days in her Sherman Plaza apartment.
Fashion show
Mrs. Kelsey is the former Miss Ann Rickenbaugh.
"Usually at this point a man is withdrawn from society and one of my jobs is to see that he relearns to mingle with his fellow men", Mrs. Marr explained.
And where is "home", that magic place of the heart?
There are motels for all purposes and all tastes.
All for $14.
The bride, daughter of Rhodes Semmes Baker Jr. of Houston and the late Mrs. Baker, was president of Kappa Kappa Gamma and a member of Mortar Board at Aj.
They will live in Corpus Christi.
A reception was held at the church.
But we can't tell it all now and then have no new excitement later".
Scenic effects
Some idea of the competence of the women is indicated in the contribution made by them during the past 25 years that totals $840,000.
Mrs. Harry M. Rose, Jr., for secretarial duties;
Each year he invites the boys to camp out on his estate for one of their big week ends of the year.
Proceeds will be used by the section to further its program in science, education and social action on local, national and international levels.
Assisting as chairmen of various committees are Mrs. Alvin Blum, Mrs. Leonard Malmud, Mrs. Edward Fernberger, Mrs. Robert Cushman.
Mr. and Mrs. Frederick Heinze are entertaining Mr. Walter Lehner, of Vienna;
The marriage will be quietly celebrated in early February.
When the Achaeans entertained Wednesday last at their annual Carnival masquerade ball, Miss Margaret Pierson was chosen to rule over the festivities, presented at the Muncipal Auditorium and chosen as her ladies in waiting were Misses Clayton Nairne, Eleanor Eustis, Lynn Chapman, Irwin Leatherman of Robinsonville, Miss. and Helene Rowley.
Howard E. Simpson, the railroad's president, said, "A drastic decline in freight loading due principally to the severe slump in the movement of heavy goods has necessitated this regrettable action".
The spokesman said the number to be furloughed cannot be estimated since the lay-offs must be carried out in each area depending on what men are most needed on the job.
The girl was in critical condition with burns over 90 per cent of her body.
Cites discrepancies
He was taken to University Hospital in a municipal ambulance.
He said the snow plan was put in effect too slowly in December.
Annapolis, Jan. 7 (special)
The younger son told police his brother had run from the house after the shootings and had driven away in their mother's car.
Simpkins from Somerset
and heavy engineering at $9,841,000, down 45 per cent.
Although economic and personal circumstances vary widely among those now choosing apartments, Leo J. Pantas, vice president of a hardware manufacturing company, pointed out recently that many apartment seekers seem to have one characteristic in common: a desire for greater convenience and freedom from the problems involved in maintaining a house.
Construction in 1962 will account for about 15 per cent of the gross national product, according to a study by Johns-Manville Corporation.
Two British civil servants, Miss Ethel Gee, 46, and her newly devoted friend, Harry Houghton, 55, and divorced.
All five pleaded innocent.
"This is Russian money", said Mervin Griffith-Jones for the attorney general's office.
So in the name of justice the magistrate cleared the court of all except officials to allow the captain to elaborate for almost an hour.
The atom reactor, water cooled, was the result of almost a decade of research at the naval reactors branch of the atomic energy commission and Westinghouse Electric Corp.
The spy ring also was particularly interested in ASDIC, the underwater equipment for detecting submarines, it was testified.
They, on occasion, posed as addicts and peddlers".
But court adjourned after he testified he introduced James White and Jeremiah Hope Pullings, two of the defendants, and also introduced Pullings to Jessy Maroy, a man mentioned in the indictment but not indicted.
Mrs. Dunkel admitted the slaying and said that the son-in-law became her lover after the death of her daughter in 1934.
Pohl received the verdict without visible emotion.
Hengesbach, who has been living on welfare recently, said he hopes to rebuild the farm which was settled by his grandfather in Westphalia, 27 miles southwest of here.
Locked in motel
While neighbor women assumed some of the dead mother's duties, fund-raising events were being planned by a homeowners association and a student council for the hard-hit Henry Kowalski family, 34220 Viceroy.
Dennis, 6;
Houghton said 6 p.m. Friday had been set for a canvass of all 480 homes in the subdivision, which is located northeast of Dequindre and 14 Mile Road East.
But today he wanted to make a public statement.
Returning to the school crossing, the officer was informed by the Sisk boy that he recognized the driver, a neighbor, and had obtained the license number.
He said Britain also proposed that the international truce commission should be reconvened, sent to New Delhi and from there to Laos to verify the cease-fire.
The minister, describing the attacks which led up to the appeal, said that 60,000 Communist North Vietnamese were fighting royal army troops on one front -- near Thakhek, in southern-central Laos.
Anderson's wife and four children live in Miami.
Emory University's Board of Trustees announced Friday that it was prepared to accept students of any race as soon as the state's tax laws made such a step possible.
Some church leaders, both clerical and lay, have criticized the university for not taking the lead in desegregation.
"When and if it can do so without jeopardizing constitutional and statutory tax-exemption privileges essential to the maintenance of its educational program and facilities, Emory University will consider applications of persons desiring to study or work at the University without regard to race, color or creed, continuing university policy that all applications shall be considered on the basis of intellectual and moral standards and other criteria designed to assure the orderly and effective conduct of the university and the fulfillment of its mission as an institution of Christian higher education".
They indicated that stand-ins and picketing would be started if theater owners failed to cooperate.
Failure to attend the meeting or explain inability to attend, the letters said, would be considered a "sign of indifference".
and two sisters, Miss Minnie Kililngsworth and Mrs. Bessie Bloom, both of Gettysburg, Pa.
two daughters, Mrs. Gene F. Stoll and Miss Nancy Harris, both of Garland;
Attacks officer
Over the weekend, Mrs. Self, personnel clerk, was a feted and honored guest of the Atlanta Club, organization of women employes at City Hall.
Also being treated are Houston, Bleckley, Tift, Turner and Dodge counties, Blasingame said.
The latest death reported was that of 4-year-old Claude Douglas Maynor of Calvary.
At the rate of need indicated in the early weeks of the month, this could mean a shortage of as high as $17,000.
Salary termed modest
A publicity release from Oregon Physicians Service, of which Harvey is president, quoted him as saying the welfare office move to Salem, instead of "crippling" the agency, had provided an avenue to correct administrative weaknesses, with the key being improved communications between F & A and the commission staff.
Taylor said Mrs. Huntley and her husband also will be questioned about a series of 15 Portland robberies in spring of 1959 in which the holdup men bound their victims with tape before fleeing.
three sisters, Mrs. Eugene Horstman, Los Angeles, Mrs. Lucy Brett Andrew, New York City, and Mrs. Beatrice Kiefferm, New York City, and five grandchildren.
He planned at one time to enter the legal profession, but gave up the plan in favor of the entertainment field.
two brothers, Charley and Aaron Cohn, San Francisco;
The Junior Achievement program is designed to give teenagers practical experience in business by allowing them actually to form small companies, under the guidance and sponsorship of business firms.
Other members of the Portland delegation attending the conference in Columbus are: Kathleen Mason, Jefferson high school;
Exhibition ballroom dancers from the studio of Helen Wick Walters of Hillsboro won the all-county talent contest.
Swine showmanship championship went to Bob Day, with Tom Day and Hutchins winning other blues.
These were the last two days set aside by the board for hearing appeals.
Mr. Giorgio was uninjured.
The Kochaneks told police they left home at 8 a.m. and returned about 45 p.m. and found the house had been entered.
A 62-year-old Smithfield man, Lester E. Stone of 19 Beverly Circle, was in satisfactory condition last night at Our Lady of Fatima Hospital, North Providence, with injuries suffered when a car he was driving struck a utility pole on Woonasquatucket Avenue in North Providence near Stevens Street.
In its ruling, the state Board of Education upheld Dr. Michael F. Walsh, state commissioner of education, who had ruled previously that the Warwick board erred when it named Maurice F. Tougas as coordinator of audio-visual education without first finding that the school superintendent's candidate was not suitable.
All contributed will be acknowledged.
A check for $4,177.37 representing the last payment of a $50,000 federal grant to Rhode Island Hospital was presented to the hospital administrator, Oliver G. Pratt, yesterday by Governor Notte.
Local authorities credited the men with saving the girl's life.
The first incident occurred before the trial got under way when Judge H. Hobart Grooms told the jury panel he had heard reports of jury-tampering efforts.
He was not seated on the jury.
Vast spraying programs conducted by "technicians with narrow training and little wisdom" are endangering crops and wildlife, Carl W. Buchheister, president of the National Audubon Society, said today.
stronger water pollution control programs, and Federal ratification of an international convention to halt pollution of the sea by oil.
He sat in his office yesterday and recalled that historic flight in 1944.
To the German pilot in the bomber the rocket became a faint black speck, hurtling through the sky at the then incredible speed of 420 m.p.h.
Pilots would steer them in a suicide dive into the water, striking below the waterline of individual ships.
Dr. Albert Schweitzer, world-famous theologian and medical missionary, has endorsed an Easter March for Disarmament which begins tomorrow in Sunnyvale.
Before he testified for 20 minutes, Stein, who lives at 3300 Lake Shore Dr., admitted to reporters that he had a wide acquaintance with crime syndicate hoodlums.
The company supplies janitors and workmen for McCormick Place and factories, liquor firms, and other businesses.
Leavitt identified the unions as a warehouseman's local, the teamsters union, a salesman's union, the janitors'union, and a bottling workers'union.
Federal prosecutors estimated that the amount may total $20,000, altho a spokesman for the association estimated its loss at approximately $10,000.
There, Gregorio said, Huff wrote a complete statement of his offense.
Investors who wanted 100 shares in many cases ended up with 25, and customers who had put in a bid to buy 400 shares found themselves with 100 and counted themselves lucky to get that many.
There was even a cable in French from a bank in Switzerland that had somehow learned about the Dallas stock offering.
First, the general stock market has been boiling upward for the last few months, driving stocks of all kinds up.
So they go looking for mergers with other firms that have publicly quoted stock, and almost daily they pound on the doors of firms like Frito.
They've occupied a 22-acre site since the early 1900's.
The firm recently expanded domestic sales into the Southeastern states as a result of an agreement with Cen-Tennial Gin Co.
Gordin manufacturing operations are in Lubbock.
They make gin saws and deal in parts, supplies and some used gin machinery.
However, compared with March 1960 new car sales of 4,441, this March was off 23 per cent.
More than 500 juniors and seniors are taking part in the program and 100 firms offer jobs on an educational rather than a need basis.
and Charles Potter, Ronnie Moore, and Robert Bailey of Woodrow Wilson.
Thesis refuted
We must be ready for any needed sacrifice".
Although it looked like a routine technical snapback to Wall Streeters it was accompanied by some good news.
Creations needed
Union Oil Co. of California Tuesday offered $120 million in debentures to the public through a group of underwriters headed by Dillon, Read & Co., to raise money to retire a similar amount held by Gulf Oil Corp.
New York (AP)
Answer
That 60-day period is over and letters are still coming in from shareholders of these four funds, complaining about mistakes in their accounts.
Perlman said bankruptcy would not be an immediate effect of the merger, but could possibly be an ultimate effect.
Washington (AP)
It disclosed that the builders:
We sold only four pickers all last year".
For the year to date, sales of the company's farm equipment dealers still lag about 5% behind 1960.
"Farmers aren't as price conscious as last year so we can get more money on a sale", says Jack Martin, who sells J. I. Case tractors and implements in Sioux City, Iowa.
Merritt D. Hill, Ford Motor Co. vice president, says his company is starting to get calls daily from dealers demanding immediate delivery or wanting earlier shipping dates on orders for corn pickers.
Net income may reach $12.7 billion, up $1 billion from 1960 and the highest since 1953.
"My approval of this bill should not be viewed as establishing a precedent for the enactment of similar legislation for other mineral industries", the President said.
The Tax Court rejected this view.
A portable kerosene range designed for use aboard boats is sold with a special railing to keep it from moving with the motion of the vessel.
Denver itself collects a 1% sales tax which is to be absorbed in the higher area tax.
Adjusted sales that month were up a relatively steep 2.5% from those of the month before, which in turn were slightly higher than the January low of $17.8 billion.
In private life, Miss Garson is Mrs. E. E. Fogelson and on the go most of the time commuting from Dallas, where they maintain an apartment, to their California home in Los Angeles'suburban Bel-Air to their ranch in Pecos, New Mexico.
"I like his clothes for their drama and simplicity and appreciate the great impact he has on fashion".
Other triumphs include "Random Harvest", "Madame Curie", "Pride and Prejudice", "The Forsythe Saga" and "Mrs. Miniver" (which won her the Academy Award in 1943).
The pretty coeds must have ogled him all day long -- but he dutifully kept his eye on the gravy.
And you'll notice that in both places, there are acres of charming young ladies who with little effort spice up any chow line.
"They aren't supposed to look at women, you know", Ramsey recalled.
While this is baking, saute mushrooms, fresh or canned, in butter.
Called Perennian, to indicate its lasting, good today and tomorrow quality, the collection truly avoids the monotony of identical pieces.
Design elements closely rooted to traditional forms but wearing a definite contemporary label keynote Drexel's fall 1961 group, Composite.
Invitations have been extended to some Austin dignitaries including Gov. and Mrs. Price Daniel.
Committee members aiding them in planning the entertainment are Messrs and Mmes Roy McKee, George McElyee, Jack Fanning, W. H. Roquemore and Joe Darrow.
A cookie with caramel filling and chocolate frosting won $25,000 for a Minneapolis housewife in the 13th annual Pillsbury Bake-Off Tuesday.
The second baking was for photographing when told she was a finalist.
Guests from across U.S. honor Dr. Swim
There they continued their studies at the university, she in art, he in architecture.
They could walk, ride on a bus or be driven.
"No", I said, "I didn't happen to grow up in Illinois".
I feel a certain loss of status when I am driven up in front of work in a car driven by my wife, who is only a woman.
Nobody walks anymore but crackpots and Harry Truman, and he's already got an education.
Cynthia Flower, daughter of the Ludlow Flowers Jr., to Todd Huntington, son of the David Huntingtons.
But the Raoul Esnards have exchanged their residence in Southern California for Mexico City.
To create such a lamp, order a wired pedestal from any lamp shop.
Today's trend toward furniture designs from America's past is teaching home-owners and decorators a renewed respect for the shrewd cabinetmakers of our Colonial era.
Show spotlights the Kings -- George Worth, Bill Kay, Frank Ciciulla and Gene Wilson, flanked by Dave Grossman and Ron Stevens.
same date, Johnny LaSalle trio to the Jolly Roger.
He skips around from jazz, to blues to boogie -- accompanying himself on piano and frequently pulling the customers in on the act.
Here and there
Don, who played drums, hasn't seen his chum since.
Miss Murphy was born in Placentia, Newfoundland.
Hollywood
Fort Lauderdale
When he attended the Christian Anti-Communist Crusade school here about six months ago, Jim became convinced that an individual can do something constructive in the ideological battle and set out to do it.
The need for and the way to achieve a Christian home will be stressed in special services marking National Christian Family Week in Miami area churches next week.
Dade's chief probation officer, Jack Blanton, will lead a discussion on "The Changes in the American Family" at 7:30 p.m. Sunday at Christ Lutheran Church.
The resignation of the Rev. Warren I. Densmore, headmaster of St. Stephen's Episcopal Day School in Coconut Grove, becomes effective July 15.
I am prepared to demonstrate at anytime that it represents the spirit of Imperial Russia in its most vulgar, infantile, and reactionary aspect;
It is a kind of friendliness and frankness of address toward the audience which we have been led to believe was peculiar to the American ballet.
and Inna Zubkovskaya, an excellent Lilac Fairy, were other outstanding members of the cast, but every member of the cast was magnificent.
San Francisco firemen busied themselves last week with their annual voluntary task of fixing up toys for distribution to needy children.
For A good many seasons I've been looking at the naughty stuff on television, so the other night I thought I ought to see how immorality is doing on the other side of the fence in movies.
Week in, week out, there is more sex to be seen in "The Adventures Of Ozzie And Harriet".
Put them all together and they spell out the only four-letter word I can think of: dull.
Person To Person ventilates the home lives of Johnny Mercer and Joan Collins -- both in Southern California (Channel 5 at 10:30) KQED Summer Music Festival features a live concert by the Capello De Musica (Channel 9 at 8:30).
You must also wear a car coat.
When I had my big job with the double headlights and yards of chrome, the gas people were happy to see me.
"Get much mileage"?
Dollar bills skidded off my hands and they tipped their caps politely.
This acquisition is a matched, perfect set -- consisting of two sofas six feet long, plus six sidechairs and two armchairs.
President Kennedy couldn't stay away from his desk for the 75-minute young people's concert played on the White House lawn yesterday by the 85-piece Transylvania Symphony Orchestra from Brevard, N. C.
Displaying his knowledge of music, the New England-born President remarked that "probably the best chamber music in the world is played in Vermont, by young Americans -- and here in this school where they have produced extraordinary musicians and teachers, and their work is being duplicated all across the United States.
Henry Hall Wilson, a student at the music camp 25 years ago and now on the President's staff as liaison representative with the House of Representatives, turned guest conductor for a Sousa march, the "Stars and Stripes Forever".
The Brevard visitors had very little to say at the beginning of the tour but warmed up later.
Among the other artists, whose paintings were discussed were Boucher, Courbet, Fra Angelico.
There will be a pilgrimage to Mount Vernon at 2:30 p.m.
Without any definite plan in mind, she went to a judge to see what could be done.
Mary is cheery and gay when her husband comes home in the evenings, and the children's bed-time is frequently preceeded by a session of happy, family rough-housing.
Mr. Kennedy replied:
But Mr. Kennedy had become convinced that a personal confrontation with Mr. Khrushchev might be the only way to prevent catastrophe.
Premier Khrushchev wrecked the conference at its initial session with a bitter denunciation of the U. S. for the U-2 incident.
Attitude flexible
Developments over the next two months, however, caused the President to reconsider the question of the timing.
Mr. Kennedy was convinced that insistence on the demand would make international agreements, or even negotiations, impossible.
Ambassador Thompson reported from Moscow that the Soviet leader's mood was cocky and aggressive.
The meeting will, however, afford a timely and convenient opportunity for the first personal contact between them and a general exchange of views on the major issues which affect the relationships between the two countries".
Premier Khrushchev has made propaganda capital out of that fact and in the end got his summit meeting anyway.
Moreover, the President is meeting the Soviet leader at a time when the Administration has still not decided on the scope of America's firm foreign policy commitments.
Viewing the American Catholic educational achievement in retrospect, we may indeed see it as a unified whole extending from grade school to university.
To understand the past history -- and the future potential -- of American Catholic higher education, it is necessary to appreciate the special character of the esprit de corps of the religious community.
I think for example of three women's colleges with pitifully small enrollments, clustered within a few miles of a major Catholic university, which is also co-educational.
Today however, the "outsider" is likely to have professional qualifications of the highest order (otherwise the college would not be interested in hiring him) and to be acclimatized to the democratic processes of the secular or state university.
Word spreads rapidly in the tightly knit academic profession, much given to attending meetings and conferences.
Yet adequate compensation -- and particularly merely adequate compensation is no substitute for those intangibles which cause a man to sacrifice part of his earning potential by taking up college teaching in the first place.
In the case of academic personnel the "feeling" of participation can hardly be "faked".
The Senator was shocked by stoppages over allegedly trivial disputes that delayed our missile program.
The recent publicity attending the successful federal prosecution of a conspiracy indictment against a number of electrical manufacturers has evoked a new respect for the anti-trust laws that is justified neither by their rationale nor by the results they have obtained.
Should these giants really flex their competitive muscles, they would become the only survivors in the industry.
The past usefulness of the anti-trust laws to management was explained by Thurman Arnold, in The Folklore of Capitalism, back in 1937.
If a substitute mechanism is needed for the control of a fictitious impersonal market, quite obviously some method must be devised for representing the public interest.
The tortured reasoning that unions use to deny their ambition to exercise monopoly power over the supply and price of labor is one of the things that create a legal profession.
In People vs. Fisher, Justice Savage of the New York Supreme Court declared:
The passage of the Sherman Act was aimed at giant monopolies.
(What other purpose could a striking union have but to interrupt the flow of commerce from the struck enterprise?
Hours after a parade of his new Soviet tanks and artillery, Dictator Fidel Castro suddenly confronted the U.S. with a blunt and drastic demand: within 48 hours, the U.S. had to reduce its embassy and consulate staffs in Cuba to a total of eleven persons (the embassy staff alone totaled 87 U.S. citizens, plus 120 Cuban employees).
Cutting short a holiday at Hong Kong, the aircraft carriers Lexington and Bennington steamed off into the South China Sea, accompanied by a swarm of destroyers, plus troopships loaded with marines.
He began the diplomatic discussions that resulted in the establishment of Aj.
This time, they were much better prepared and organized, and the political climate was favorable.
There his vote, along with those of Chairman Howard Smith, the courtly Virginia judge, and the four Republican members, could and often did produce a 6-6 deadlock that blocked far-out, Democratic-sponsored welfare legislation (a tactic often acceptable to the Rayburn-Johnson congressional leadership to avoid embarrassing votes).
The next morning he summoned a group of top Democrats to his private office and broke the news: he would lead the fight to oust Colmer, whom he is said to regard as "an inferior man".
The liberals, smelling blood, were faced with the necessity of winning three big votes -- in the Democratic Committee on Committees, in the full party caucus, and on the floor of the House -- before they could oust Colmer.
Question at issue: How big a vote should be necessary to restrict Senate debate -- and thereby cut off legislation-delaying filibusters?
Republicans
"Just when you think you have it licked, this golf course can get up and bite you", Player had said one afternoon midway through the tournament.
Palmer had started the round four strokes behind Player, and at one point in the afternoon had trailed by as many as six strokes.
The lean and leathery Oklahoma amateur, who has been playing topnotch tournament golf for many years, refused to let the Masters jitters overtake him and closed the tournament with his second straight 69.
When the winter tour began at Los Angeles last January there was no one in sight to challenge Palmer's towering prestige.
When they reached Augusta last week, together they had won five of the 13 tournaments to date.
or Rosburg, whose accurate short game and supersensitive putter can overcome so many of Augusta's treacheries;
Starting half an hour behind Player in company with British Open Champion Kel Nagle, Palmer birdied the 2nd, the 9th, the 13th and the 16th -- four birdies, one bogey and 13 pars for a 69.
And last week at the Masters Palmer and Player did.
The latter involved hitting a full four-wood out to the first fairway and toward the clubhouse, hoping to slice it back to the deeply bunkered 9th green.
His bogey 4 on this hole and subsequent bogeys at 5 and 7 along with a birdie at 8 brought him back to even par.
and (4) catcher Johnny Blanchard of the New York Yankees matched a record with home runs in four successive times at bat, two of them as a pinch-hitter.
Always, in the abortive attacks upon Ruth's record, one man alone -- a Jimmy Foxx (58 in 1932) or a Hank Greenberg (58 in 1938) or a Hack Wilson (56 in 1930) -- made the bid.
Baseball commissioner Ford Frick has ruled that Ruth's record will remain official unless it is broken in 154 games.
The sluggers get along so well in fact, that with their families at home for the summer (Mantle's in Dallas, Maris's in Kansas City), they are rooming together.
To an extent, the two even look alike.
"What do you and Mickey talk about at home"?
I'll never forget one time I struck out three times, dropped a fly ball, and we lost the game.
Play me".
"When you came up to the majors, did you seek out Williams for advice"?
Among all the Yankees, he is the veteran most friendly to rookies.
They both possess near classic stances, dug in firmly, arms high, set for fierce swings.
Yet with all their skills, the appeal of Mantle and Maris in 1961 comes down to one basic: The home run.
Frankie was fairly glutted with ideas, as he had hinted upon his arrival: "It's really tremendous when you think Ella Fitzgerald is coming from Australia.
Speaking of "pride", he deplored the noncommissioned officer "whose uniform looks like it belonged to someone who retired in 1940;
To Decathlon Man Rafer Johnson (Time cover, Aug. 29), whose gold medal in last summer's Olympic Games was won as much on gumption as talent, went the A.A.U.'s James E. Sullivan Memorial Trophy as the outstanding U.S. amateur athlete of 1960.
One of Nikita Khrushchev's most enthusiastic eulogizers, the U.S.S.R.'s daily Izvestia, enterprisingly interviewed Red-prone Comedian Charlie Chaplin at his Swiss villa, where he has been in self-exile since 1952.
He gave the impression of never having read a word about art, but there was no doubt that he had an eye for the best.
He went then to a 40-year-old Basel art dealer named Ernst Beyeler, with whom he had long been trading pictures.
Last week Federal District Judge William A. Bootle ordered the university to admit immediately a "qualified" Negro boy and girl.
The evidence in court was testimony about the interview, which for Holmes lasted an hour, although at least one white student at Georgia got through this ritual by a simple phone conversation.
Catch for Chicago
At Caltech, Geneticist Beadle has stuck close to his research as head of the school's famous biology division since 1946.
Its boundaries had nothing to do with geography or ethnic groupings;
The Belgian government itself took over administration, commencing a program of paternalism unmatched in the history of colonialism.
They provided a social security system which covered all their African employes;
Some schools were technical -- the Belgians needed carpenters and mechanics to help exploit the land, and trained many.
" (Not one drop of blood!
Third, there were those (notably Patrice Lumumba) who favored a unified Congo with a very strong central government.
Twenty-four hours after independence the wild tribesmen commenced fighting each other.
"
Meanwhile Russia took every opportunity to meddle in the Congo, sending Lumumba equipment for his "wars", dispatching "technicians" and even threatening, on occasion, to intervene openly.
During the five-month lull, civil war smoldered and flickered throughout the Congo.
On this issue, the President received a detailed report from his U.N. Ambassador Adlai Stevenson, who had just returned from Paris, and Mr. Kennedy asked Stevenson to search for a face-saving way -- for both Paris and Tunis -- out of the imbroglio.
In conferences with Nationalist China's dapper, diminutive Vice President Chen Cheng, Mr. Kennedy assured Chiang Kai-shek's emissary that the U.S. is as firmly opposed as ever to the admission of Red China to the United Nations.
The plane put down on schedule at 1:35 a.m. in Phoenix.
To Rickards, a 52-year-old veteran 30 years in the air, it was an old story: His plane was being hijacked in mid-flight again much as it had happened in 1930, when Peruvian rebels made him land a Ford tri-motor at Arequipa.
I thought he was the Air Force recruiter".
Still more time was consumed while the pilot, at the radioed suggestion of Continental president Robert Six, tried to persuade the armed pair to swap the Boeing jet for a propeller-driven Douglas Aj.
At 7:30 a.m., more than three hours after landing, the Beardens gave an ultimatum:
While Crosby distracted the Beardens, stewardesses Carnegey and Toni Besset dropped out of a rear door.
Congress: more muscle
The Senate also voted $5.2 billion to finance the government's health, welfare, and labor activities.
In a daring stroke, the Senate ventured forth last week into the world of haute cuisine and hired a $10,000-per-year French-born maitre d'hotel.
Other tax-exempt bonds of State and local governments hit a price peak on February 21, according to Standard & Poor's average.
It's not much more, in fact, than the return that is offered on U. S. Treasury bonds.
Look, for example, at the Ohio Turnpike.
Slow successes.
Many rate increases already have been put into effect.
Traffic and revenues on the Chicago Skyway have been a great disappointment to planners and investors alike.
Our staff man cabled from Turin as follows --
Olivetti took over Underwood, the U.S. typewriter maker, in late 1959.
The recently unveiled Kennedy moves to control the international textile market can be significant for American businessmen in many lines.
Hong Kong, India and Pakistan have been limiting exports of certain types of textiles to Britain for several years under the "Lancashire Pact".
"Get competitive or get out".
Yet U.S. coal is cheap enough to make foreign steelmakers'mouths water.
Every library borrower, or at least those whose taste goes beyond the five-cent fiction rentals, knows what it is to hear the librarian say apologetically, "I'm sorry, but we don't have that book.
New York State has what is probably the most advanced of these co-operative systems, so well developed that it has become a model for others to follow.
A small library may cherish its independence and established ways, and resist joining in a cooperative movement that sometimes seems radical to older members of the board.
This system, by virtue of its variety and size, offers an inclusive view of the plan in operation.
The books are carried around by truck in canvas bags from headquarters to the other libraries.
Local libraries find, too, that the new plan saves tax dollars because books can be bought through the system, and since the system buys in bulk it is able to obtain larger discounts than would be available to an individual library.
Headquarters has also set up a central juvenile book-review and book-selection center, to provide better methods of purchasing and selection.
Librarians, a patient breed of men and women who have borne much with dedication, can begin to see results today.
if we do not know how to use what we do read.
Only public understanding and support can provide that service.
Some other good bills were lost in the shuffle and await future action.
It's a good use of money.
Then a full-time planning office will be established in Rome to work with a five-member Georgia Tech research staff for development of an area planning and industrial development program.
It also weakened our diplomatic stance, because Russia could easily guess we did not desire a nuclear war except in the ultimate extremity.
Then he arrived in Zanzibar and found Africans carrying signs saying "American imperialists, go home".
The practice of charging employes for meals whether they eat at the hospital or not should be abolished.
Considering what is being done compared to what needs to be done, it behooves the hospital management to do some mighty careful planning toward making the best possible use of the increase granted.
The recent history of the Dominican Republic is an almost classical study of the way in which even a professedly benevolent dictatorship tends to become oppressive.
Trujillo's dictatorship had been along conservative, right-wing lines.
High-speed buses on the George Washington Memorial Parkway, operating between downtown Washington and Cabin John, Glen Echo and Brookmont, would constitute an alluring sample of what the new National Capital Transportation Agency can do for this city.
It was not a part of any one of the three (later four) zones for occupation by Soviet, American, British, and French troops respectively.
One ground of action certainly exists when fusillades of stray shots go over into West Berlin as Communist "vopos" try to gun down fleeing unarmed residents.
There the buffalo would roam, to be seen as a tapestry, not as moth-eaten zoo specimens.
Past polls of public opinion show popular favor for this policy.
Mayor Robert F. Wagner must, as his opponents demand, assume responsibility for his performance in office.
These are, of course, the same people whose support he has only now rejected to seek the independent vote.
The new President is in no position to start out his dealings with Moscow by issuing callable bluffs.
But for the United States and its SEATO allies to attempt to shore up a less tough, less combat-tested government army in monsoon-shrouded, road-shy, guerrilla-th'-wisp terrain is a risk not savored by Pentagon planners.
A vote for educational TV
A good man departs.
Two of the vital qualities demanded of a politician by other politicians are that he always keep a confidence and that he keep his word.
These public efforts were rare because Mr. Rayburn normally did his counseling, persuading and educating long before an issue reached its test on the House floor.
Sound the roll of those with whom he served and who preceded him in death.
un off the Congo track
It happens in the territory of the Leopoldville government, which is itself a fiction, demonstrably incapable of governing, and commanding only such limited credit abroad as UN support gives it.
It is perhaps too late now to talk of mandate because it is inconsistent with what is termed political realism.
The situation with regard to the Southern Pacific was therefore a special one and not necessarily applicable to other situations in other industries.
"Fools", he bayed, "what do you think you are doing"?
The customer loses again
His firm hand will be desperately missed.
The Congo, in whose cause he died, was the scene of one of his greatest triumphs.
Too many have bogged down in bickering.
The balance is being budgeted for the coming year.
Each state advisory committee documented its own activity.
This is the key fact emerging from Sunday's national election.
What is in doubt as the free Germans and their allies consider the voting trends is the nature of the coalition that will result.
Americans are a nation of joiners, a quality which our friends find endearing and sometimes amusing.
Does it put the label of un-American or subversive on everyone with whom it disagrees politically?
Falling somewhere in a category between Einstein's theory and sand fleas -- difficult to see but undeniably there, nevertheless -- is the tropical green "city" of Islandia, a string of offshore islands that has almost no residents, limited access and an unlimited future.
The reaction of certain City Council members to California's newest anti-secrecy laws was as dismaying as it was disappointing.
We submit that this is a most desirable effect of the law -- and one of its principal aims.
Within the Organization of American States, there may be some criticism of this unilateral American intervention which was not without risk obviously.
The issue was sufficiently potent in 1935 to spark secession from the American Federation of Labor of its industrial union members.
the Army, Navy and Air Force, among others, may question Secretary Freeman's claim that the high estate of United States agriculture is the "strongest deterrent" to the spread of communism.
The result: $1.1 billion added to the deficit in the federal budget.
But competent observers believe he is making progress, particularly toward what Sen. Jackson lists as the primary need -- "a clearer understanding of where our vital national interests lie and what we must do to promote them".
No betting man, Mr. Goldberg says he's merely "putting my neck out again" by predicting the rate will go down this month.
And from that point of vantage he concedes another two years of grace to nations maintaining a pro-Western posture.
Corroborating Mr. Hodges'figures was the Federal Reserve Board's report of the large sales increase in the nation's department stores for the week ending March 4.
Now the Stone Harbor bird sanctuary, 31 acres of magic attraction for exotic herons, is threatened, but the battlefront extends far beyond our state.
No joyride
Slackened regional demand for St. Louis goods and services reflects the region's relative lack of purchasing power.
The University can make a valuable contribution to the state's economic development through such a study.
Some plant-location specialists take these signs to mean St. Louis county doesn't want industry, and so they avoid the area, and more jobs are lost.
But it is tradition rather than the record which balks at the expunging of the Tammany name.
Using a Batista man to screen refugees represented a total misunderstanding of the democratic forces which alone can effectively oppose Castro.
The Faget case was the kind of salvage job the Administration should not have to repeat.
Finally, Mr. Eisenhower found nothing but confusion in Washington.
Reports that the venerable liner, which has been in service since 1936, was to be retired struck a nostalgic note in many of us.
The decline of the Cunard line from its position of dominance in Atlantic travel is a significant development in the history of transportation.
The Indochina struggle was a war to stay out of in 1954, when Gen. Ridgway estimated it would take a minimum of 10 to 15 divisions at the outset to win a war the French were losing.
If the decision goes wrong, it may be -- as Mr. Stevenson fears -- "the first step on the slippery path downhill" to a U.N. without operational responsibilities and without effective meaning.
If they give him advice when he asks it, or if they perform specified duties under his direction, the nature of the U. N. will not of necessity change.
Thus there is a clearer division of authority, administrative and legislative.
Highways go to a new Department of Highways, sewers to the Department of Public Works, such street cleaning as Borough Presidents now do (in Queens and Richmond) to the Sanitation Department.
The Inter-american Press Association, which blankets the Western Hemisphere from northern Canada to Cape Horn, is meeting in New York City this week for the first time in eleven years.
No group can contribute more to the success of the program than the editors and publishers of the Inter-American Press Association.
Dr. Conant's call to action
But these are side issues to a powerful central theme.
And now -- more junk mail
She had, she said, heard that the plant was closing.
"Is it so the cannery is going to close"?
And one of the best services available to the people who try to raise and can meat, to plant, grow vegetables and put them up.
the old woman with the stew.
After almost everyone had gone he told me the simple story of how one of his neighbors had moved a fence a few feet over on his land.
"For if ye forgive men their trespasses, your heavenly Father will also forgive you: but if ye forgive not men their trespasses, neither will your Father forgive -- your trespasses".
Finally, we must be willing to forgive others as many times as they sin against us.
For a while there was such shrill girlish commotion I couldn't have made myself heard if I'd had the equivalent of the message to Garcia.
I don't know any secret recipe for certainty.
Does he care about things that matter to you?
But I was deeply moved by his letter of resignation as rector of St. Luke's Church in Atlanta.
His very honest act called up the recent talk I had with another minister, a modest Methodist, who said: "I feel so deeply blessed by God when I can give a message of love and comfort to other men, and I would have it no other way: and it is unworthy to think of self.
If he won't break, we add to the stress he bears.
This year, on a night cool with the front of September moving in, but with plenty of summer still about, the Podgers were holding a neighborhood gathering in the Pod.
The voice sank back into the general tangle of sound, but the question stayed in Mr. Podger's mind.
Then, since the auction was being held nearby, he had walked to it.
Where was the driver now?
"We got one at home.
Soon her purring rivaled the chirping of the tree crickets, rivaled the hum of voices from inside the Pod.
"Never happier in my life.
Even better, they have the examples of Nashville and Houston to hold up as peaceful and progressive programs.
It met a serious rebuff in New Orleans, where the two schools selected for the first moves toward integration were boycotted by white parents.
This is a radical change in attitude from the conditions which prevailed several years ago, when a series of bombings was directed against Negroes who were moving into previously all-white neighborhoods of Dallas.
And as the businessmen have begun to act, a real sense of co-operation has sprung up.
or (3) alternately accelerate and decelerate, thus keeping the first driver guessing as to his intentions, thereby making a fascinating sport of the whole affair.
After three months of research, I can state unequivocally that Los Angeles drivers are considerably more courteous and competent than any other drivers I've ever encountered.
"Now, if I can just figure out what he's talking about, I'll use it".
Robby could be better
There are some clubs which claim they learned something about pitching to him last year.
So, all in all, the infield can't be expected to supply the added improvement to propel the Birds from second to first.
I'm still not convinced, though, I'll have to see more of him before predicting that big year for him.
Let him bounce back, and he could really set up the staff.
We believe that autism, like so many other conditions of defect and deviation, is to a large extent inborn.
As the mother of an autistic child who is lacking in interest and enthusiasm about almost anything, I have to manipulate my son's fingers for him when he first plays with a new toy.
This mother is quite correct.
We did not accept the diagnosis at once, but gradually we are coming to.
question
No, coloring isn't exactly something you teach a child.
The work is executed in England (by hand) and can be worked in any desired design and color.
And they're confident that the GOP, currently assailed by dissensions within the ranks, will be impressed by the purring power beneath the hood of this grassroots-fueled machine.
-- And proposals for a whole series of lesser candidate-picking conventions in the state's 38 new Congressional districts.
Paradoxically the council is weakest in areas that register 4- and 5-to-1 in the party's favor, strongest where Democrats and Republicans compete on a fairly even basis.
In his CDC work, Carvey has the close-in support and advice of one of California's shrewdest political strategists: former Democratic National Committeeman Paul Ziffren, who backed him over a Northland candidate espoused by Atty. Gen. Stanley Mosk.
At least, I have found it so.
The Soviet news agency TASS datelined from New York in English to Europe:
"The American press clamored for many days promising President Kennedy would reply to the most vital domestic and foreign problems confronting the United States.
British common sense is proverbial.
Their conversation and dinner passed in a warm and friendly atmosphere".
See, Communese is easy -- once you get onto it.
"Sure, we met a barrel of rich men but it's hard to find the real thing when you're young, beautiful and the toast of two continents" "Remember Fanny Brice promised my mother she would look after me on the road"?
Inmates might even demand the 34-hour week, all holidays off and fringe benefits including state contributions toward lawyers'fees.
The right to leave the hoosegow any time to see a lawyer instead of waiting for a lawyer to make a trip to the prison.
IBM has a machine that can understand spoken words and talk back.
Jay Gould kept a cow on one deluxer.
In addition, he said, he has answered more than 400 messages of congratulations which led him to the comment that he himself had decided he wouldn't send another congratulatory message for the rest of his life.
Mr. Dwyer said that although it was obvious that Mr. Rayburn was not well he stopped, gave the youngster his autograph, asked where he was from and expressed the hope that he would enjoy his visit to Congress.
Time, of course will testify whether the new version will have achieved its purpose.
"And Jesus, when he was baptized went up straightway out of the water: and lo, the heavens were opened unto him, and he saw the Spirit of God descending like a dove, and lighting upon him".
After baptism Jesus came up out of the water at once, and at that moment heaven opened;
To a novice that is significant.
The only answer will be continuous study.
Wine glass heels are to be found in both high and semi-heights.
The citrus tones popular in clothing are also to be found afoot.
Flats have a scalloped throat.
In addition, it is small enough to get into crevices, jacket and crown margins, malposed anteriors, and the back teeth.
writes: Does numbness in the left hand at night, which awakens the person, indicate brain tumor?
Sewing brings numbness
writes: Does the cholesterol go down when most of the thyroid gland is removed?
If the record buyer's tastes are somewhat eclectic or even the slightest bit esoteric, he will find them satisfied on educational records.
But the firm has recognized the tight dollar and the tourist's desire to visit the "smaller, less-traveled and relatively inexpensive countries", and is now prepared to teach modern Greek and Portuguese through recordings.
RCA Victor has an ambitious and useful project in a stereo series called "Adventures In Music", which is an instructional record library for elementary schools.
The promoter who wanted to sign him up for the circus asked him how he was able to do it.
He doesn't want her to look frowningly at him, or speak to him angrily.
She can remove all knick-knacks within reach.
There is no use trying to "Explain" to a 2-year-old.
Even with all possible precaution, homecomings are usually rather cruel and sad, and only the perpetually ebullient and the continually optimistic are made happy by them.
His legs suddenly feel heavy and unaccountably weary, as if he had walked for miles, instead of strolling a few hundred yards along the old campus paths.
the fading signs of old beauty;
the churning of straining feet, the rasp of the canvas pants;
No matter how often a man goes back to the scenes of his youth and strength, they can never be recaptured again.
Yet, the GOP breakdown discovered that in Philadelphia Mr. Nixon received but 21 per cent of the so-called "Polish" vote;
Senator Mundt's gross distortion of President Eisenhower's conversation into a denunciation of President Kennedy as too left wing, a statement Mr. Eisenhower declared to be entirely false, is another case in point.
That this is not good politics is underscored by the latest poll figures which show that 72 per cent of the people like the way in which the new President is conducting the nation's business.
How unpartisan will be the recommendations of Lt. Gov. Garland Byrd's Senate Committee on Government Operations?
We can't think of anyone else who would want to separate serious candidates from other candidates, either.
It would present a forum for them in almost every community.
Congressmen returning from recess say the people admire President Kennedy so much, they're even willing to heed his call to sacrifice -- and give up his program.
This would seem to indicate that we are trying neither "to halt an influx of migrants" nor are we "setting up such standards for development that only the well-to-do could afford to buy land and build in the new sites".
He went on to say: "In the first place, industry per se is not dedicated to the role of savior of foundering municipalities.
The East Greenwich Police Department utilizes the radio transmission facilities of the Warwick Police Department, thereby eliminating duplication of facilities and ensuring police coordination in the Cowessett-East Greenwich-Potowomut area of the two communities.
East Greenwich was one of the first Rhode Island towns to enter into contract agreement with the Rhode Island Development Council for planning services we could not provide for ourselves.
It is indeed true, as stated in the famous novel of our day, "For Whom The Bell Tolls", that "no man is an island, entirely of itself;
Of course, having this desire, I am very interested in education.
Well, there lies your answer.
On the question of admission to Veterans Administration hospitals of service-connected and non-service-connected disabled veterans, it must be recognized that there are many men who are greatly affected by war service.
First of all, the admitting physician in the VA hospital gets the patient as a new patient.
It seems that open season upon veterans'hospitalization is once more upon us.
This we can sympathetically understand.
The scientists have also warned that no life above ground or underground, sheltered or unsheltered could be expected to survive in an area at least 50 miles in diameter.
It looks more like they are going to play at the beach instead of taking lessons on bettering themselves.
Oak Park, Aug. 8
I am the wife of the owner of a small, independent meat market.
No, we are not greedy.
Judges under the jurisdiction of the Chicago board of election commissioners are instructed to do this.
From Candlelight Club
Ironic, is it not, that after completing years of costly scientific training he will receive a cut in pay from what he is receiving as an ordinary unskilled laborer?
Copies of this letter were made avaliable to the press and public.
But when you write to Congresswoman Church, bless her heart, your letter is answered fully and completely.
Toward socialism
The day before Election Day, to which we are entitled as a legal holiday, we were informed to report to our respective polls to work as "workers of the party".
Sir -- I read of a man who felt he should not build a fallout shelter in his home because it would be selfish for him to sit secure while his neighbors had no shelters.
I am for it.
The United States and the U.N. denounce their own principles when they defend the Communist oppressors and refuse to acknowledge the right of self-determination of the Katangans.
It will determine the amount of money to be spent by the college and will certify this amount to the board of freeholders, which "shall appropriate in the same manner as other appropriations are made by it the amount so certified and the amount shall be assessed, levied and collected in the same manner as moneys appropriated for other purposes".
Our entire economy will have a terrific uplift.
It is a revelation of what has been done, what is being done and what will be done in Newark as shown by architects'plans, models and pictures.
The viewers of the "Deep Peep Show" at 15th and M Streets NW have an added attraction -- the view of a fossilized cypress swamp.
Recently the secretary of the Friends Committee on National Legislation was interviewed on the air.
Is this a reason for saving no one?
Civil Defense has far to go and many problems to solve, but is it not in the best spirit of our pioneer tradition to be not only willing, but prepared to care for our own families and help our neighbors in any disaster -- storm, flood, accident or even war?
Is nothing in this country more sacred than the tourists'comfort?
Let us, like the French, have outdoor cafes where we may relax, converse at leisure and enjoy the passing crowd.
I have just returned from a seven-week trip to Europe and the Far East.
The truth is that Communist Russia fears the resurgence of German militarism.
Meeting U.N. obligations
"Article 19:
The Connally amendment says that the United States, rather than the court, shall determine whether a matter is essentially within the domestic jurisdiction of the United States in a case before the World Court to which the United States is a party.
Many home-bound subway riders utilizing the Flushing-Main Street express are daily confronted with the sight of the local departing from the Woodside station as their express comes to a stop, leaving them stranded and strained.
However, there are still several types of calls that necessitate the use of telephone operators.
Recently I visited the very remarkable Pilgrim School for retarded children.
Visitors are welcome to come see what these dedicated mothers can do.
Educate the city employes to give real service to the public.
How old do you have to be to remember when Americans, especially children, were encouraged to be polite?
I just wish to congratulate Inspector Trimmer and his efficient police troops in cleaning the city of those horrible automobiles.
They try to keep within the speed limits.
I suppose I am missing some elementary point but I honestly cannot see how two wrongs can make a right!
Especially the first half of the third verse:
If we go all gooey over this newest Castro (until he proves he isn't) we've got rocks in our heads.
Belated tribute
to the editor of the Inquirer:
We shuffle a large percentage of the cars across the river twice.
Paint continuous lane stripes and install overhead directional lights as on our bridges.
There's no sense in being reminded of times that were.
They are the most beautiful part of that little piece of nature.
Of course, in this small way of forcing the people to watch as tiny and innocent and dependent creatures die because we're afraid to feed them and afraid to protest and say, "How come?
Unfortunately, those who would remedy our "softness" seek to do so with calisthenics.
I must, in fairness, take issue with his premise, primarily because the so-called scandals in labor unions were very much connected with business scandals.
The biggest nuclear device the United States has exploded measured some 15 megatons, although our B-52s are said to be carrying two 20-megaton bombs apiece.
"The discontinuity can either be that of war to destruction, or that of diplomatic policy".
But if his purpose was to inspire terror, his action could hardly have miscarried more obviously.
West Berlin morale is low and, in age distribution, the situation is unfavorable.
Berlin's resilience is amazing, but if it has to hire its labor in the West the struggle will be hard indeed".
It is, in fact, a relatively mild chastisement of the dead.
The Macmillan government might be willing to let him go, but he has been dead seventy-eight years and even the Soviet morticians could not make him look presentable.
The appointment of U Thant of Burma as the U.N.'s Acting Secretary General -- at this writing, the choice appears to be certain -- offers further proof that in politics it is more important to have no influential enemies than to have influential friends.
the West may or not remain satisfied with the kind of neutralism that U Thant represents.
) left vague, the spirit of vigilantism is spreading.
it is not working now.
No other popular idol is accorded even that much grace.
A special grandstand, protected by awnings from the midsummer sun of Illinois, should be erected for occupancy by honored guests, who should include the ambassadors of all those new African nations as yet not quite convinced that the United States is thoroughly civilized.
Perhaps there is more truth than we are wont to admit in the conviction of that ornament of Tarheelia, Robert Ruark's grandfather, who was persuaded that the great curse of the modern world is "all this gallivantin'".
As it descends, the concentration of radioactivity builds up in the human body;
But for the average citizen, unfortunately, this is one of science's worst-marked channels, full of tricky currents and unknown depths.
Long-lived carbon-14 from the fusion process would cause four million embryonic, neonatal or childhood deaths and stillbirths over the next 20 generations, and between 200,000 and one million human beings now living would have their lives cut short by radiation-produced diseases such as leukemia.
If it comes down too hard on the potential dangers of fallout, it will box the President on resuming atmospheric tests.
Assuming the lower figure for the big blast and one shot estimated by the Japanese at 10 megatons, a conservative computation is that the 24 announced tests produced a total yield of at least 60 megatons.
It could have unilaterally abandoned further testing on the grounds of the radiation hazard to future generations.
The third choice, negotiation, presupposes, as Russian behavior demonstrates, a great deal of wishful thinking to make it appear reasonable.
Taking account of the fact that such a move on our part would be unpopular in world opinion, he argued that the responsibility of the United States is "to do, confidently and firmly, not what is popular, but what is right".
This is an ethical demand which cannot be evaded or glossed over by talking exclusively of weapon superiority or even of the evil of Communism.
Two things have happened in recent months to bring the Council into perspective: each provides a basis for renewed hope and joy.
Augustin Cardinal Bea, the director of the Secretariate for Christian Unity, has expressed as directly as anyone the new spirit that pervades the Church's stance toward the Protestant and Orthodox Churches.
The Eisenhower budget was simultaneously inadequate in its provisions and yet extravagant in its projections of revenue to be received.
Ethics and peace
The impression was unmistakable that, whatever one may choose to call it, natural law is a functioning generality with a certain objective existence.
I never found it among any of the Chinese with whom I spoke, though granted they were, almost all, members of the official family who, presumably, harbor official thoughts.
That, I smarted, is a royal rebuff if ever there was one.
If the raw population figures are crucially relevant, then it is idle to think of liberation, as idle as to suppose that Poland might liberate Russia.
The morale is very high.
But there are the cousins and aunts and nephews.
The military in Taiwan believe that the Communists have made two mistakes, which, together, may prove fatal.
A friendly state, sometimes only semi-independent, but never hostile.
On these they feel they can rely.
There is not anywhere on the frontiers of freedom a more highly mobilized force for liberation.
One knows better, now, who has bone and who has jelly in his spine.
The controlling pattern was first displayed in the Hungary-Suez crisis of November 1956.
We can attack Tshombe, but not Gigenza.
In the very week of our war against Katanga, we make a $133 million grant to Kwame Nkrumah, who has just declared his solidarity with the Communist bloc, and is busily turning his own country into a totalitarian dictatorship.
And it becomes clear why in general we cannot take the initiative against the Left.
The Wall, awkwardly based on the John Hersey novel;
In the forthcoming The Conquering Hero and Carnival, Broadway is not even adapting books, but reconverting old movies (Hail The Conquering Hero and Lili).
But that explanation is only partly true.
Their burgeoning popularity may be a result of the closing of the 52nd Street burlesque joints, but curiously enough their atmosphere is almost always familial -- neighborhood saloons with a bit of epidermis.
If a dancer is good, she suggests purely and superbly the fundamental mechanics of ancestry and progeny -- the continuum of mankind.
Although they are forbidden to sit with the customers, the dancers are sometimes proffered drinks, and most of them can bolt one down in mid-shimmy.
Jemela (surname: Gerby), 23, seems Hong Kong Oriental but has a Spanish father and an Indian mother, was born in America and educated at Holy Cross Academy and Textile High School, says she learned belly dancing at family picnics.
The uptown crowd has moved in, and what girl worth her seventh veil would trade a turtleneck sweater for a button-down collar?
His colors are dark and murky, and his landscapes and cityscapes seem swallowed in gloom.
His pictures were roundly denounced as "the most disgusting things one has ever seen in Vienna".
The most surprising thing about the Twenty-second Congress of the Soviet Communist Party is that it is surprising -- perhaps quite as much, in its own way, as the Twentieth Congress of 1956, which ended with that famous "secret" report on Stalin.
As we know, the Soviet peasant today still very largely thrives on being able to sell the produce grown on his private plot;
for he kept on threatening that he would "pull the ears" of those responsible for agricultural production.
His views, in fact, coincide with those of foreign enemies of peaceful coexistence, who look upon it merely as a variant of the "cold war" or of an "armed peace".
Khrushchev, for all his bombastic prophecies about the inevitable decay of capitalism, is genuinely favorable to "peaceful coexistence" and would like, above all, the Berlin and German problems to be settled peacefully;
Indications are that Khrushchev (and, with him, the bulk of the Soviet people) favor peaceful coexistence and (with the exception of Berlin) the maintenance of the status quo in the world.
To the average American, this must sound like an incredible tale from a Saturday night TV movie.
After a tortuous drive in an open truck and a World War 2, army jeep down soggy trails, the band arrived at a small clearing squeezed between a long, low ridge and a creek-filled gully.
I would like to add one more practical reform to those mentioned by Russell Kirk (Dec. 16).
I am firmly convinced that considering the average quality of teachers in this country, the profession is grossly overpaid.
It is this loss of initiative in how we conduct our economy which may lead to the loss of initiative in how we conduct our political affairs.
Referring to Britain, he says, "We see a nation that traditionally values sovereignty above all else willing to give up its economy, placing this authority in Continental hands".
not acquiesce to an international planning board.
Today, seven years after the date of my initial induction as a draftee, I am Assistant Professor of Philosophy and Science at St. Michael's College.
Even apart from the fact that now at the age of 31 my personal life is being totally disrupted for the second time for no very compelling reason -- I cannot help looking around at the black leather jacket brigades standing idly on the street corners and in the taverns of every American city and asking myself if our society has gone mad.
Suggest the following twenty-first-century amendment: By moving the term "Republic" to lower case, substituting the modern phrase, "move ahead" for the stodgy "keep", and by using the Postmaster's name on every envelope (in caps, of course, with the "in spite" as faded as possible), the slogan cannot fail.
Indonesia Court Upholds Pope's Death Sentence.
Does anybody think of saving the life of an anti-Communist American pilot?
Louis 15, -- Eisenhower.
In defeating "Louis Capet", John Tower's victory in Texas signals, once again, the end of the divine right of Liberalism.
Personally, it meant a great deal;
I would hope that Sargent Shriver will encourage everyone entering the Peace Corps to read it.
The current stereotype of straight news reporting was probably invaluable in protecting the press and its readers from pollution by that combination of doctored fact, fancy, and personal opinion called yellow journalism which flourished in this country more than a generation ago.
Despite several years of front-page stories, the average citizen was unable to get a complete picture of McCarthy until he saw on the television screen what the reporters had been seeing all along but had no effective way of communicating.
Up until now, the networks have grudgingly run half-hour tapes at 5 P.M. or sometimes 7 or 10:30 P.M.
It also happened with the Inauguration, which was not re-run at all during the evening hours, and I wrote to the TV editor of the Times.
There were also a couple in Canada, and several in England.
And not one of the four men who attended all the schools has ever been called on to apply any of his knowledge in any way.
If this practice should take root and spread, the man who submits a manuscript to a publisher will find himself reviewed before he is accepted and publication will become a sort of post-mortem formality.
It calls the conclusion admitted valid by "historians and military strategists alike" a "perverted conclusion.
Certainly not in Orchestra Hall where he has played countless recitals, and where Thursday night he celebrated his 20th season with the Chicago Symphony Orchestra, playing the Brahms Concerto with his own slashing, demon-ridden cadenza melting into the high, pale, pure and lovely song with which a violinist unlocks the heart of the music, or forever finds it closed.
So we had some dazzling and memorable Milstein, but not great Brahms.
No casts are listed, but Lotte Lehmann sent word that the Negro soprano, Grace Bumbry, will sing Venus in "Tannhaeuser".
But if you keep a calendar of events, as we do, you noticed a conflict.
The Kirov Ballet is firmly booked into the Shrine Auditorium, Los Angeles, Nov. 21 thru Dec. 4.
Paintings and drawings by Marie Moore of St. Thomas, Virgin Islands, are shown thru Nov. 5 at the Meadows Gallery, 3211 Ellis Av., week days, 3 p.m. to 8 p.m., Sundays 3 p.m. to 6 p.m., closed Mondays.
One is an imperial London stockbroker called Jerebohm.
That's not precisely the way Larkin urges them to look at it, though.
For Larkin is already wonderfully contented with his lot.
Oneupmanship is practiced by both sides in a total war.
Cherkasov does not caricature him, as some actors have been inclined to do.
The episode in which Sancho Panza concludes the joke that is played on him when he is facetiously put in command of an "island" is one of the best in the film.
If so, it might be worth while to assign a future jazz show to a different department -- one with enough confidence in the musical material to cut down on the number of performers and give them a little room to display their talents.
The jazz buff could hardly ask for more.
Similarly, in presenting still photographs of early jazz groups, the program allowed no time for a close perusal.
Each high note had the crowd in ecstasy so that it stopped the show midway in the "Mad Scene", but the real reason was a realization of the extraordinary performance unfolding at the moment.
He injected more vitality into the score than it has revealed in many years.
It's really quite fun -- as long as you like games.
This is a characteristic of good stereo recording and one of its tremendous advantages over monaural sound.
There is an extraordinary sense of presence in all of these recordings, apparently obtained at least in part by emphasizing the middle and high frequencies.
But, alas, the authenticity seems to stop at the set's edge.
"In many corners of the globe", he said, "the major source of impressions about this country are in the movies they meet.
Brahm's Sonata in A, although also vigorous, stood up well under the two artists'strong, large-scale treatment.
Miss Xydis has a natural affinity for the keyboard, and in the twenty years since her debut here she has gained the authority and inner assurance that lead to audience control.
Haydn's Sonata in E minor, which was unfailingly pleasant in sound, and Chopin's Sonata in B flat minor.
Field Marshal Slim has abridged it for the benefit of "those who, finding not so great an attraction in accounts of military moves and counter-moves, are more interested in men and their reactions to stress, hardship and danger".
He has a pleasant sense of humor and is modest enough to admit mistakes and even "a cardinal error".
For general morale reasons and to encourage the efforts of his supply officers, when food was short for combat troops he cut the rations of his headquarters staff accordingly.
Commenting on these and other matters, Field Marshal Slim makes many frank and provocative remarks:
He is, by background and living standards, better fitted to endure hardship uncomplainingly, to demand less in the way of subsistence or comfort, and to look after himself when thrown on his own resources".
Furthermore, there were solid musical virtues in the interpretation of the music.
A thoroughly ingratiating company it is, and when the final curtain falls you may suddenly realize that you have been sitting with a broad grin on your face all evening.
indeed, there are never fewer than eight of them on stage, and that is only for the more intimate numbers.
settings by William David Roberts.
He does, and more.
He's mad at a world he did not make.
There is a fine second act, as an example, one in which Samuel Groom, as Dillon, has an opportunity to blaze away in one impassioned passage after another.
Everybody fell in love with Amy again last night at the Warwick Musical Theater, and Shelley Berman was to blame.
The ballet work is on the nose, especially in the opening number by "The New Ashmolean Marching Society and Students'Conservatory Band", along with a fiery and sultry Brazilian fantasia later.
This is one of the happier events of the season.
Jen Nelson, as Thea, his first wife, managed to make that short role impressive.
I'm glad to say there's none of that distraction in this "Fiorello!
"Where The Boys Are" also has a juvenile bounce that makes for a refreshing venture in comedy.
The superb intellectual and spiritual vitality of William James was never more evident than in his letters.
It holds an equally valuable lesson for a society where the word "intellectual" has become a term of opprobrium to millions of well-meaning people who somehow imagine that it must be destructive of the simpler human virtues.
But why need one reply to everything and everybody?
"The Tyranny Of Trivia" suggests arbitrary alphabetical associations to induce slumber.
Who but Thurber can be counted on to glean such nectareous essences?
This is something like what Thurber's best effects are like, if I am not mistaken.
But there was terror in the thirties when the Nazis were on the loose and in those days Low struck like lightning.
Now we have stood up to the Communists;
Suez?
Look in this book for weak mortals and only on occasion for virtues and vices on the heroic scale.
And pretty soon gray fox is announcing that he won't have anyone around that's against him, and setting out to break his second territorial treaty with the birds.
Mr. Kennan takes careful account of every mitigating circumstance in recalling the historical atmosphere in which mistaken decisions were taken.
A veteran diplomat with an extraordinary knowledge of Russian language, history and literature, Kennan recalls how, at the time of Hitler's attack on the Soviet Union in 1941, he penned a private note to a State Department official, expressing the hope that "never would we associate ourselves with Russian purposes in the areas of eastern Europe beyond her own boundaries".
They attributed everything that went wrong in Russia to German influence and intrigue.
a man apparently foreign to the very experience of love, without mercy or pity;
Mr. Kennan, who has recently abandoned authorship for a new round of diplomacy as the recently appointed American ambassador to Yugoslavia, is not the only man who finds it easier to portray the past than to prescribe for the future.
Then there is a matchmaker, one Mikeen Flynn, a role for which Eddie Foy was happily selected.
She has a good, firm delivery of songs and adds to the solid virtues of the evening.
Rouben Ter-Arutunian, in his stage settings, often uses the scrim curtain behind which Mr. Cole has placed couples or groups who sing and set the mood for the scenes which are to follow.
But, after a fifteen-minute delay, the substantially complete Philharmonic assembled on stage for the afternoon's proceedings.
Mr. Paray resisted the temptation to over-emphasize the melodic elements of the score.
It is, after all, a non-romantic work (even with the big, juicy melody of the second movement);
And so, of course, it is a fan's opera as well.
Laura is a good role for Miss Resnik, and she gave it force, dramatic color and passion.
stereo BGS 5031) is a good sample of the special, elegant art of English madrigal singing.
There is an almost instrumental quality to their singing, with a tendency to lift out important lines and make them lead the musical texture.
In France, it remained always more picturesque, more dancelike, more full of flavor.
What is interesting about these chamber works here is how they all reveal the aspect of French music that was moving toward the rococo.
Thus there was really an excess of eighteenth-century charm as one of these light-weight pieces followed another on Saturday night.
The performances were assured, communicative and pleasingly informal.
The simple, clever production was also able to tread the thin line between those extremes.
I make this observation about the lady, Miss Judy Garland, because she brought up the subject herself in telling a story about a British female reporter who flattered her terribly in London recently and then wrote in the paper the next day:
", "Puttin'On The Ritz", "How Long Has This Been Going On?
But it didn't take Judy Garland, showman, long to realize that this sort of thing was par for the course at Newport and that you have to learn to live with it.
All went home happy except the Newport police, who feared that the throng departing at 6:35 might meet head-on the night crowd drawing nigh, and those deprived of their happy hour at the cocktail bar.
What we did get, however, was impressive.
Julie Wilson sings
Shearing, himself, seemed to me to be playing better piano than in his recent Newport appearances.
Hendricks had Billy Mitchell, tenor sax;
His technique is ample and his musical ideas are projected beautifully.
"Signal" is choreographed for three male dancers to an electronic score by Alwin Nikolais.
But it may be, also, that he is merely more mindful of athletics than of esthetics at the present time.
Unfortunately, the man and woman were not made to appear very interesting at the outset and the menacing figures failed to make them any more so.
The concertos that Van Cliburn has been associated with in New York since his triumphant return from Russia in 1958 have been the Tchaikovsky, the Rachmaninoff Third, and the Prokofieff Third.
And although there was plenty of vigor in the performance, the ensemble was at its best when the playing was soft and lyrical, yet full of the suppressed tension that is one of the hallmarks of Beethoven.
)
.
Resourceful voices
Make no mistake, this Gorky Studio drama is a respectable import -- aptly grave, carefully written, performed and directed.
211 pages.
But it isn't.
A year and a day of this idyll is described for the reader, one in which not only discovery of a new world of personality is charted, but self-discovery as well.
Man, to whom Mij gave endless affection and fealty, was responsible in the form of a road worker with a pickaxe who somehow becomes an abstract symbol of the savage in man.
The directors of the Comedie do not respond to adverse notices in as docile and subservient a manner as the Broadway producers who, in two instances this season, closed their plays after one performance.
The new "School For Wives" was interpreted according to a principle that is becoming increasingly common in the playing of classic comedy -- the idea of turning some obviously ludicrous figure into a tragic character.
Wisely, the Comedie has brought Moliere's "Tartuffe" on its tour and has left "The School For Wives" at home.
His normal specialty is playing the good-natured old man, frequently stupid or deluded but never mean or sly.
Hirsch's Scapin is healthy, cheerful, energetic, revelling in his physical agility and his obvious superiority to the young gentlemen whom he serves.
And this was before he began to play his startlingly beautiful jazz.
His horn has blown loud and clear across the land for more years than he cares to remember.
His portion of the program -- and a big portion it was -- consisted of half the major nineteenth-century concertos for the violin: to wit, the Mendelssohn and the Tchaikovsky.
like his sweet, attractive Romanza, it belongs to what the composer called his "Non-Dissonant (Mostly)" category of works.
Anthony Steel, as the husband, is a jealous type who argues against her course and sues for divorce, labeling her action adulterous.
Alexandre Livshitz repeated a fantastic technical bit from the closing number, "Taras Bulba", but even then there was a substantial number of diehards who seemed determined not to go home at all.
The ensemble enters in a long adagio passage that is of fantastic difficulty, as well as loveliness, and adagio is the general medium of the piece.
It was quite an evening!
Mr. White, who is only a competent novelist, is a brilliant reporter.
He frequently cites intimate details that seem to come straight from the horse's mouth, from numerous insiders and from Mr. Kennedy himself;
the least inspiring candidate since Alfred M. Landon".
And he makes many interesting comments.
No orchestra, however, could be expected to follow a singer through quite as many adventures with pitch as Miss Pons encountered last night.
The mushrooming of FM outlets, offering concerts (both jazz and classical), lectures, and other special events, is a phenomenon which has had a fair amount of publicity.
Negro population in the U.S. has increased 25 per cent while the white population was growing by 18 per cent.
In New York City, WLIB boasts "more community service programs than any other Negro station" and "one of the largest Negro news staffs in America".
What sets Negro-appeal programing apart from other radio shows?
It will continue to be important as a means of orientation to the Negro, seeking to become urbanized, as he tries to make adjustment to the urban life.
The dark pigments of the early work were superseded by a brighter palette.
Not all the paintings, however, are of cities.
In a sense, he is offering Bonn what its famous son (who left as a youth) never did -- the sound of the composer's mature style.
Herr Wangenheim has only recently become the city's music director, and is a young man with a clear flair for the podium.
A tribe in ancient India believed the earth was a huge tea tray resting on the backs of three giant elephants, which in turn stood on the shell of a great tortoise.
and Dr. G. J. Whitrow, reader in applied mathematics at the Imperial College of Science and Technology, London.
Professor Bondi disagrees with the expansion-contraction theory.
Suppose, says Dr. Lyttleton, the proton has a slightly greater charge than the electron (so slight it is presently immeasurable).
Presently, the intense absorption of ultra-violet rays in the earth's atmosphere seriously hinders ground observation.
They care no more for politics, says Mr. Wesker, than they do for a symphony.
Beatie, getting no sympathy for her misfortune, soon rallies and finds that although she has lost a lover she has gained her freedom.
The simple-minded comedy of Dogberry and Verges, also familiar in a day that responds easily to jokes skimmed off the top of writers'heads, evoked laughter.
Twenty minutes after the interruption, although it was still raining, the play was resumed at the point in the fourth act where it had been stopped.
The Parks Department has done an admirable job of preparing the Wollman Rink for Shakespeare.
But what has been happening recently might be described as creeping mannerism.
The dance, dancers and dance enthusiasts (8,500 of them) had a much better time of it at Lewisohn Stadium on Saturday night than all had had two nights earlier, when Stadium Concerts presented the first of two dance programs.
He wore the clothes of a laborer, and she was wondrously seductive in a yellow and orange dress.
Most of them were written between 1953 and 1960 and originally appeared in various magazines.
It is an over-all impression Mr. Sansom strives for, an impression compounded of visual details, of a savory mixture of smells, of much loving attention to architecture and scenery, of lights and shadows, of intangibles of atmosphere and of echoes of the past.
and at the infinite variety of London.
Nice, even if a trifle gaudy.
Somewhere in Mrs. Reavey's play there is both protest and aspiration of merit.
The show is programed and written by the station's assistant continuity editor, Chuck Briefer.
the amusing "Yurochka", in which a hard-to-please young man is given his come-uppance;
Jack Frost is not really responsible for this great seasonal spectacle;
In the Canadian Rockies, great groves of aspen are already glinting gold.
New Jersey's color varies from staccato to pastel all the way from the Delaware Water Gap to Cape May.
Illinois'Shawnee National Forest, Missouri's Iron County and the maples of Hiawatha, Kan. should be at their best in mid-October.
The 1961 theme is the Dakota Territorial Centennial, with the pictures including the Lewis and Clark expedition, the first river steamboat, the 1876 gold rush, a little red schoolhouse on the prairie, and today's construction of large Missouri River reservoirs.
Though the subject -- segregation in her native South -- has been thoroughly worked, Miss McCullers uses her poet's instinct and storyteller's skill to reaffirm her place at the very top of modern American writing.
It is an engrossing commentary on a repressive, upper-middle-class New York way of life in the first part of this century.
The Bayanihan Philippine Dance Company, with music and dances that depict the many facets of Filipino culture, opens its 60-city U.S. tour in San Francisco (through Sept. 24) then, via one-night stands, moves on to Los Angeles (Sept. 29 thru Oct. 1).
This French film, set in Italy, is a summertime splurge in shock and terror all shot in lovely sunny scenery -- so breath-taking that at times you almost forget the horrors the movie is dealing with.
Of the nation's eight million pleasure-boat owners a sizable number have learned that late autumn is one of the loveliest seasons to be afloat -- at least in that broad balmy region that lies below America's belt line.
Shore facilities are enormous -- Los Angeles harbors 5,000 boats, and Long Beach 3,000 -- but marinas are crowded everywhere.
Hurricane Carla damaged 70% of the marinas in the Galveston-Port Aransas area but fuel service is back to normal, and explorers can roam as far west as Port Isabel on the Mexican border.
Ten thousand twisty miles of shoreline frame the 30-odd lakes in the vast Tennessee River system that loops in and out of seven states.
Mr. Remarque's conception of this novel was sound and perhaps even noble.
Hazards to life and limb on the golf course, while existent, are actuarially insignificant.
To be human, he believes, is to seek one's own destruction: the Freudian "death-wish" cliche inevitably cited whenever laymen talk about auto race-drivers.
Errors in technical terminology suggest that the over-all translation from the German may not convey quite everything Mr. Remarque hoped to tell us.
But he would fight for his own liberty rather than for any abstract principle connected with it -- such as "cause".
The reasons are that America generally believes that she can buy anything with dollars, and that she compulsively strives to be liked.
This leader must be a man who lives above illusions that heretofore have shaped the foreign policy of the United States, namely that Russia will agree to a reunited Germany, that the East German government does not exist, that events in Japan in June 1960 were Communist-inspired, that the true government of China is in Formosa, that Mao was the evil influence behind Khrushchev at the Summit Conference in Paris in May 1960, and that either China or Russia wants or expects war.
But De Gaulle is buried in the cause of restoring France's lost soul.
"Monty" shows a remarkable capacity for the direct statement and an equally remarkable incapacity for giving adequate support.
The Department of Agriculture averaged out U.S. food consumption last year at 1,488 lbs. per person, which, allowing for the 17 million Americans that John Kennedy said go to bed hungry every night, means that certain gluttons on the upper end must somehow down 8 lbs. or more a day.
Not all the concern for health is well directed.
And fats.
With meat, milk, butter and ice cream, the calorie-heavy U.S. diet is 40% fat, and most of that is saturated fat -- the insidious kind, says Dr. Keys, that increases blood cholesterol, damages arteries, and leads to coronary disease.
The simple mechanical strain of overweight, says New York's Dr. Norman Jolliffe, can overburden and damage the heart "for much the same reason that a Chevrolet engine in a Cadillac body would wear out sooner than if it were in a body for which it was built".
but because liquor has a high caloric value -- 100 calories per oz. -- the heavy drinker is seldom hungry.
So she fishes around in the cupboard and hauls out a chocolate cake.
Despite his personal distaste for obesity ("disgusting"), Dr. Keys has only an incidental interest in how much Americans eat.
Explains Keys: As the fatty protein molecules travel in the bloodstream, they are deposited in the intima, or inner wall of a coronary artery.
During World War 2, doctors in The Netherlands and Scandinavia noted a curious fact: despite the stresses of Nazi occupation, the death rate from coronary artery disease was slowly dropping.
As a result, although we still make use of this distinction, there is much confusion as to the meaning of the basic terms employed.
Demons, fairies, angels, and a host of other spiritual beings were as much a part of the experiential world of western man as were rocks and trees and stars.
All this has not, however, been an unmixed blessing.
The conversation of the characters creates an atmosphere suggesting the usual mixture of pleasures, foibles, irritations, and concerns which would characterize the common life of a normal village in any age.
If one asks about this play, what it is that comes upon this community and works within it with such terrible power, there is no better answer to give than "spirit".
In a long commentary which he has inserted in the published text of the first act of the play, he says at one point: "However, that experience never raised a doubt in his mind as to the reality of the underworld or the existence of Lucifer's many-faced lieutenants.
It is not enough in accounting for this feeling to analyze it into the wickedness of individual people added together to produce a cumulative effect.
Yet it exists and has an objective reality which can be experienced and known.
The members of the community do not create the spirit but rather find it present and waiting for them.
The statement is often made that when Bultmann argues in this way, he "overestimates the intellectual stumbling-block which myth is supposed to put in the way of accepting the Christian faith".
In the absence of a truly adequate conceptuality in which the gospel can be expressed, the unavoidable need to demythologize it makes use of whatever resources are at hand -- and this usually means one or another of the various forms of "folk religion" current in the situation.
But, as Scripture everywhere reminds us, God does have need of his creatures, and the church, a fortiori, can ill afford to do without the talents with which the world, by God's providence, presents it.
Modern man, as Dietrich Bonhoeffer has told us, has "come of age";
What makes this long and diverse tradition essentially one is that those who have belonged to it have been profoundly in earnest about being modern men in a distinctively modern world.
In order to make the implications of our position as clear as possible, we may develop this argument at greater length.
and (3) in so doing, frees itself to give appropriate emphasis to the event Jesus Christ by means of statements that, from Bultmann's point of view, are mythological.
being intellectually influenced by Newman and the general 19th-century literature of England, I knew only a Protestant-dominated country.
In the 355 years since the first Guy Fawkes Night, much of the story has been forgotten, so here is a reminder".
From many sides come remarks that Protestant churches are badly attended and the large medieval cathedrals look all but empty during services.
Still, it is clear from such reports, and apparently clear from the remarks of many people, that Protestants are decreasing and Catholics increasing.
They hope, of course, to reclaim the non-Catholic population to the Catholic faith, and at every Sunday Benediction they recite by heart the "Prayer for England":
At Oxford one hundred years ago there were very few Catholics, partly because religious tests were removed only in 1854.
Such a series of articles was certainly never printed in the public press of mid-Victorian England.
Almost daily something is reported which feeds this Catholic hope in England: statistics of the increasing numbers of converts and Irish Catholic immigrants;
To be the Savior and the Lord, Jesus Christ has to be a historical individual with a biography all his own;
Christ is both unique and universal.
Irenaeus does not claim pre-existence for the human soul;
Recent research on Irenaeus, however, makes it evident that he does not consistently maintain this distinction.
Man was created with the capacity for immortality, but the devil's promise of immortality in exchange for disobedience cost Adam his immortality.
for as it was Christ, the Word of God, who came to rescue man, so it was disobedience to the word of God in the beginning that brought death into the world, and all our woe.
Man's life, originally shaped for immortality and for communion with God, must now be conformed to the shape of death.
It is borne out also by the absence of any developed theory about how sin passes from one generation to the next.
One night, so some of these theories run, Adam would have fallen asleep, much as he fell asleep for the creation of Eve;
Because Christianity teaches not only salvation in history, but salvation by the history of Christ, such an interpretation of death would require a drastic revision of the Christian understanding of the work of Christ.
Whenever New England liberalism is reminded of the dramatic confrontation of Parker and the fraternity on January 23, 1843 -- while it may defend the privilege of Chandler Robbins to demand that Parker leave the Association, while it may plead that Dr. N. L. Frothingham had every warrant for stating, "The difference between Trinitarians and Unitarians is a difference in Christianity;
To the extent that he was ostracized or even reviled, we solace ourselves by saying he asked for it.
Actually, the dispute between Parker and the society of his time, both ecclesiastical and social, was a real one, a bitter one.
There can be no doubt, the Boston of that era could be exquisitely cruel in enforcing its canons of behavior.
An institutionalized liberalism proved itself fundamentally an institution, and only within those defined limits a license.
Parker meant business.
So we are the more prepared to give Parker the credit for having taken the right side in an unnecessary controversy, to salute his courage, and to pass on, happily forgetting both him and the entire episode.
Now, if any part of the Bible is assuredly the very Word of God speaking through His servant, it is John's Gospel.
I now ever look for Christ according to His promises and those of the Old Testament as well, to appear again in glory to put away all sin and to reign in righteousness over the whole earth.
Let not your heart be troubled, neither let it be afraid".
As only a member of the family can share in the innermost joys of the family, likewise one must belong to the family of God in order to receive the benefits that are promised to those who are His own.
Resting sweetly in Jesus'control.
One out of every three or four marriages ends in divorce!
only a fool would think otherwise.
Pleasure, fame and fortune, drowning your troubles with a drink, and "living it up" with the gang are like candy bars when you're hungry: they may ease your hunger temporarily, but they'll never take the place of a satisfying, mouth-watering steak.
"The Lord is my light and my salvation;
Each week an estimated 20 million patients call upon us doctors.
12% of them worried about their health, although their ailments were imaginary;
We consume tons of aspirin and tranquilizers and sleeping pills in order to get a moment's relief from the tensions that are tearing us apart.
I doubt that "fear parties" and "group confessionals" will help very much.
The President of the United States has said: "We will never negotiate out of fear, and we will never fear to negotiate".
He didn't know anything about the problems we face today.
Another man tried to swim across the river from the East to the West, but was shot and killed.
We are all involved in them, deeply involved.
He lived in a very dark world, but he was not in the dark.
for us it is a fact in history.
Who shall separate us from the love of Christ?
It recalls those words of another psalm: "God is our refuge and strength, a very present help in trouble.
Many of the latter were destroyed in their turn, during the burning of the vast Ch'in palace some ten years later;
Indeed, mathematically speaking, it was both functionally and symbolically the most important number in the entire diagram.
The tremendous emphasis on the 5 in the Lo Shu square -- for purely mathematical reasons -- and the fact that this number so neatly symbolized the heart and center of the universe, could well explain why the Old Chinese seem to have so revered the number 5, and why they put so much stress on the concept of Centrality.
And why did the Chinese suddenly begin to talk about the Five Directions, when the animals they used as symbols of the directions designated only the usual four?
but, conversely, one cannot begin to understand the Lo Shu without knowing something about the world view of the Old Chinese, which they felt they saw expressed in it.
taking the former from the Five Sacred Mountains of the Han period and the latter from the principal river systems of Old China.
Note that by Western standards this plan was "upside down", as it put North at the bottom and South at the top, with the other directions correspondingly altered;
In the average situation about one-third of those visited make commitments to Christ and the Church.
1)
He will discuss the significance of Christian commitment, the necessity of family religion and private devotions, and the importance of the membership preparation sessions.
Many churches find the Sunday school hour to be the most practical time for adult preparation classes.
-- The Local Church and Its Program
(See sample on pp. 78-79.
2)
Use a textbook with assigned readings each week.
Invite class members to share in an extra period of Bible study each week.
The preparatory class is an introductory face-to-face group in which new members become acquainted with one another.
The worship service is the natural and logical time to receive new members into the Church.
Sponsors may sit with them also.
Have a reception for new members in the parlor or social hall immediately after the service.
everyone is to be a participant.
These figures indicate that we are losing almost as many as we are receiving into membership.
If the church has followed the plan of cultivation of prospects and carried through a program of membership preparation as outlined earlier in this book, the process of assimilation and growth will be well under way.
-- Opportunities for Christian service
The source of this paradox is not difficult to identify.
Having once committed himself to an ideal which he considers worthwhile, he inevitably creates forms for its expression and institutions for its continuance.
In a certain sense, interfaith communication parallels diplomatic communication among the nation-states.
Interfaith conflicts which spring from psychological deficiencies are the most unfortunate of all, for they have no redeeming features whatsoever.
Nationalism has abetted not only the repudiation of foreign religions but the revival of native ones, some of which had been lying in slumber for centuries.
The progressive closing of Afro-Asian ears to the Christian message is epitomized in a conversation I had three years ago while flying from Jerusalem to Cairo.
neither has the establishment of the State of Israel fostered harmony between Muslims and Jews.
"What is the point", Charles Adams reports the Pakistanis as asking, "in demanding an Islamic state and society if no one, not even the doctors of the sacred law themselves, can say clearly and succinctly what the nature of such a state and society is"?
Everywhere there seems to be a growing recognition of the fact that governments and religious institutions alike are too fallible and corruptible -- in a word, too human -- to warrant any claim of maintaining partnership with the divine.
When they say that under no circumstances would it ever be right to "permit" the termination of the human race by human action, because there could not possibly be any proportionate grave reason to justify such a thing, they know exactly what they mean.
Of course, grave guiltiness may be imputed to the military action of any nation, or to the action of any leader or leaders, which for any supposed good "permits", in this sense, the termination of the human race by human action.
He does what he can and may and must, without regarding himself as lord of the future or, on the other hand, as covered with guilt by accident or unforeseen consequences or by results he did not "permit" in the sense explained.
"if it didn't prevail mankind would still be given the opportunity of prevailing";
"If asked to choose between a terrible probability and a more terrible possibility, most men will choose the latter".
Not to repel injury and uphold and improve pax-ordo means not simply to accept the misshapen order and injustice that challenges it at the moment, but also to start down the steep slope along which justice can find no place whereon to stand.
This is to surrender in advance to whatever attack may yet be mounted, to the very last;
This pressure has urged re-evaluation of the assumptions underlying their professional ethics;
For a number of years, Wesleyan has been drawing varied groups of political and business leaders into these informal discussions with members of the faculty and student body, attempting to explore and clarify aspects of their responsibility for public policy.
How explicit such factors have been historically is evident in any chronology of restrictive covenant cases or in a review of NAREB's Code of Ethics Article 34 in the Code, adopted in 1924, states that "a Realtor should never be instrumental in introducing into a neighborhood a character of property or occupancy, members of any race or nationality or any individuals whose presence will clearly be detrimental to property values in that neighborhood".
From such communal roles the realtor finds the substance that shapes his moral understanding.
Realtors, both generally and in this group, have invariably equated residential integration with a decline in property values, a circumstance viewed with considerable apprehension.
"Against the grain of creation"
There are sins of omission as well as commission;
Racial discrimination is wrong, then, not because it goes against the grain of a faculty member trying to converse with a few realtors but because it goes against the grain of creation and against the will of the Creator.
Religion, or the lack of it, will decide whether we use this power to build a brave new world of peace and abundance for all mankind, or whether we misuse this power to leave a world utterly destroyed.
but packed in that metallic ball there was the explosive force of 20,000 tons of Aj.
I won't try the experiment, but I think you can see that if we all knew the secret and we could all let ourselves go, there would be quite an explosion.
An octillion atoms
a trillion peas would fill all the houses in a town of about ten thousand people;
Next we freeze over the oceans and cover the whole earth with peas, then we go out among the neighboring stars, collect 250 planets each the size of the earth, and also cover each of these with peas four feet deep;
I shoot up through the roof, into the sky, past the clouds, through the stratosphere, out beyond the moon, out among the planets, until I am over a hundred and fifty million miles long.
You may ask what else there is, and the answer is nothing -- nothing but empty space.
So if you are made of atoms, you are just a big machine;
It is a music like the music from a great organ or a vast orchestra playing a symphony.
This is a fine trip, too, on a good day.
As we have seen, a growing proportion, although in 1914 still a minority, were members of churches.
For instance, we cannot know whether even for church members the degree of conformity to Christian standards of morality increased or declined as the proportion of church members in the population rose.
We will now speak of the ways in which it helped shape the ideals of the country and of the manner in which it stimulated efforts to attain those ideals through reform movements, through programmes for bringing the collective life to the nation to conformity to Christian standards, and through leaders in the government.
Later in the century the dream again found expression in the lines of Katherine Lee Bates (1859-1929), daughter and granddaughter of New England Congregational ministers, in her widely sung hymn, written in 1893, "America The Beautiful", with the words "O beautiful for pilgrim feet whose stern impassioned stress a thoroughfare for freedom beat across the wilderness.
With such a dream arising, at least in part, from the Protestant heritage of the United States and built into the foundations of the nation, it is not surprising that many efforts were made to give it concrete expression.
A few of the more prominent must serve as examples of what a complete listing and description would disclose.
As we have seen, Methodism early took a stand against slavery.
A marked impulse came to the anti-slavery movement through the Finney revivals.
He shunned publicity for himself and sought to avoid fame.
But this eminence was not without its weighty responsibilities.
In this system, no man is exempt from obligations.
Modern Westerners have difficulty comprehending this fusion of moral and material, largely because in the West the historical trend has been to deny the connection.
During its flowering in the sixth to the eighth centuries, Mahayana offered a supernatural package to the Chinese which bears no resemblance to the highly digested philosophical Zen morsels offered to the modern Western reader.
To the Confucian, "virtue" simply meant mastery and correct observance of three hundred major rules of ritual and three thousand minor ones.
This is well evidenced by the Quietist doctrines carried over in Zen: the idea of the inward turning of thought, the enjoinder to put aside desires and perturbations so that a return to purity, peace, and stillness -- a union with the Infinite, with the Tao -- could be effected.
The technique of reality confusion -- the use of paradox and riddles to shake the mind's grip on reality -- originated with fourth and third century B.C. Chinese Quietism: the koan is not basically a new device.
Exponents of Zen often insist that very early Zen doctrine opposed the rampant supernaturalism of China, and proposed instead a more mature, less credulous view of the universe.
When that monk came down and approached him with a respectful salutation, he asked: "Where art thou from"?
Part of the mealtime ritual in the Zendo consists in offerings of rice to the spiritual beings".
Since the Catholic Church expresses such desire that the Sacred Scriptures be read, the following taken from the Holy Bible (New Catholic Edition) will prove a means of grace and a source of great spiritual blessing.
The new birth is necessary because all have sinned.
You also, when you were dead by reason of your offenses and sins.
1 St. Peter 23.
1 St. John 5: 1.
) if we are born of god we practice righteousness.
If we are born of God we overcome the world.
Now to him who is able to preserve you without sin and to set you before the presence of his glory, without blemish, in gladness, to the only God our Savior, through Jesus Christ our Lord, belong glory and majesty, dominion and authority, before all time, and now, and forever.
the new birth is a new creation.
Ephesians 2: 8-10.
Through which he has granted us the very great and precious promises, so that through them you may become partaker of the divine nature.
The new birth is miraculous and mysterious.
to those who believe in his name: Who were born not of blood, nor of the will of the flesh, nor of the will of man, but of God.
"You must be born again" (St. John 3: 7).
They called Him a devil.
You may refuse Him, spit on Him, call Him a devil, curse Him.
the ever burning lusts of the flesh or the powerful victory of Holy Spirit discipline.
When you read me, you are holding in your hands the product of many minds and hearts.
To me, the explanation is very simple.
Sometimes such people sense that they are being used;
And the stories they told were true.
"You're so preoccupied that you've let your faith grow dim.
They say it helps them bring back into schools the spiritual and moral values on which this country was built.
Van Varner recently returned from Russia.
We have also seen the power of faith at work among us.
Not so.
I need your support, your criticism, your encouragement, your prayers.
yet if you looked closely you'd see that his eyes did not pick up the smile on his lips.
For Castro was bringing Cuba not freedom, but hatred.
Farm workers had their wages cut almost in half.
There was no doubt in my mind that if I crossed him, mobs would appear outside our windows shouting "Paredon!
Now it seemed almost as if Jesus were looking down at me with sadness in His eyes, saying:
This happy, always smiling lad with the sunny disposition is our new Junior Mr. Canada -- Henri De Courcy.
and a host of others.
But he was totally dissatisfied with his upper body.
As you can see, in this Push-Pull Super Set the entire chest-back-shoulder area is vigorously exercised in alternate sectors by alternate exercises so the complete torso remains pumped-up all the time!
This is true only if a very wide grip is used and only when the greatest possible stretch is achieved.
This is the kind of chest that invariably wins contests;
Because they are "minority" exercises and have but a limited appeal they soon find themselves in the limbo of the forgotten.
Indeed, a lighter weight works much better because a greater, more extensive split can be performed.
5.
3.
The most beautiful bed of pansies I've seen was in a South Dakota yard on a sizzling day.
I asked him if he took seeds from his own plants.
I like to make a seedbed right in the open, though many people start them successfully in cold frames.
A light, porous mulch applied now keeps the roots cool and the soil soft during these early days of growth.
I spade lots of compost into their bed;
I like hay for this and apply it so that only the tops of the plants show right after a good frost.
That cold frame was my morale builder;
I like to shear half my plants at a time, leaving one half of them to blossom while the second half is getting started on its new round of blooming.
That is not true.
This delightful tropical fruit has become well-known in the past thirty years because modern transportation methods have made it possible to ship avocados anywhere in the United States.
Naturally dormant and no spray danger
And unlike other fruits, one cannot eat the skin of the avocado.
Dr. Wilson C. Grant, of the Veterans'Administration Hospital, Coral Gables, Florida, and the University of Miami School of Medicine, set out to discover if avocados, because of their high content of unsaturated fatty acids, would reduce the cholesterol of the blood in selected patients.
It is relatively easy to go a step further and reason that an attacker, in possession of such absolute power, would simultaneously destroy his opponent's cities and people.
ICBMs have given us a capability which could be used in two different ways.
Therefore, if the target can significantly change its location in something less than 30 minutes, the probability of having destroyed it is drastically lowered.
Why, then, aren't we planning a larger, more important role for manned military aircraft?
But until we have an effective spacecraft, the answer to the hunter-killer problem is manned aircraft.
There are four rather obvious ways to reduce or eliminate the vulnerability of aircraft on the ground:
This same preoccupation with missiles at the expense of aircraft has resulted in our half-hearted effort to develop nuclear propulsion for aircraft.
With such a force of manned bombers we could bring enormous pressure to bear on an enemy, and this pressure would be selective and extremely discriminating.
Even if this is some day possible, there remains the 30-minute time of flight of a missile to its overseas target.
Today we have side-looking radar which has such high resolution that the radar picture clearly shows individual buildings, runways, taxi-ways, separate spans of bridges, etc.
In these readings, the double bass is either kept discreetly in the background, or it is dressed in clown's attire -- the musical equivalent of a bull in a china shop.
Yet no detail was too small to receive attention from this master, and as a result the playing here has humor, delicacy, and radiant humanity.
Turning to the more modern versions, Curzon's (London) offers the most sophisticated keyboard work.
Aeschbacher's work is very much akin to Schnabel's, but the sound on his Decca disc is dated, and you will have a hard time locating a copy of it.
From the beginning of commercial recording, new discs purported to be indistinguishable from The Real Thing have regularly been put in circulation.
Some of them are obvious, such as the fact that we associate recorded and live music with our responses and behavior in different types of environments and social settings.
The easiest way to describe this release is to say that it reproduces an interesting and effective Steinberg performance with minimal alteration of its musical values.
The timbre remains that of the instruments unclouded by resonance.
Too many records seem to reduce a work of symphonic complexity to a melody and its accompaniment.
The Class had entries from as far west as Wisconsin and as far south as Kentucky.
Mrs. Long still feels the same unique spirit of Westminster which she stated the present Juniors will experience today but probably will not appreciate in full for a number of years.
Either a nervous dog because you are livid with rage -- a sure sign that you are taking things too seriously and had better stop!
Harvey Barcus, second speaker
Instead of 3 a.m. in the past, the Juniors Class at Westminster was held at 4:45 p.m.
A Junior who won two or more wins in the Open Class was eligible.
She was awarded the Professional Handlers'Ass'ns'Leonard Brumby, Sr. Memorial Trophy (named for the founder-originator of the Junior Classes.
Most Juniors who were entered in the Finals are seasoned campaigners and not only show and win in Junior Classes but score in the Breed Classes as well.
Not only were the contestants pleased with the Class, but it aroused the interest of all in attendance that day.
Some years ago this Class was judged by celebrities who knew nothing of what was required of a Junior's ability to show a dog.
My husband enters the motel office, signs up for a room, and then solemnly asks the proprieter if he accepts pets.
Are they indifferent to the fact that the dog can easily pick up germs from the preceding patient?
No matter how determined or wealthy boating lovers of the Southwest had been, for example, they could never have created anything approaching the fifty square-mile Lake Texoma, located between Texas and Oklahoma, which resulted when the Corp of Army Engineers dammed the Red River.
This year, Americans will discover previously unheard of refinements in trailers that will be exhibited in about one hundred of our nation's national, regional and local boat shows.
There are houseboats which are literally homes afloat, accommodating whole families in comfort and convenience.
Now here is truly a marvel.
Of course, individual financing arrangements depend a good deal on the purchaser's earning power, credit rating and local bank policy.
However, there is a minimum of legislative restriction on boating.
Ignorance of the law is no better excuse on the water than it is on land;
In addition to these activities, the NAEBM, with headquarters at 420 Lexington Avenue, New York City, as well as other associations and individual manufacturers, provide and distribute films, booklets, and public services in regard to proper boat handling and safety afloat.
Boatel has a similar meaning to yachtel.
These can also move a short distance but at right angles to the tappets.
This is not necessarily to green, however, for in some situations only a yellow indication is given to a train to let it into the "plant".
The lines connecting the wedge-shaped dogs represent the locking bars at right angles to the tappet bars.
Here's how it can be built.
Compress the assembly when you make the mark to show the location for "B".
Cap with a Af bar and tack-solder in place.
Dress all surfaces with a file, cleaning off all solder and drilling burrs.
Number all the tappet bars before removing them so they can be replaced in the same slots.
Break the end corners with a slight 45 degree chamfer.
Repeat these drill and tap operations for each of the tappet bars.
Figs. 7 and 8 give all pertinent dimensions.
This dog will engage a notch to be cut in tappet 3.
Endeavor to get the notches as much alike as possible.
Hot rodding is a science.
Equations for rodding formulas are not complicated.
Numbers to be multiplied together may be multiplied in any order.
The symbol is used to separate two or more numbers.
Charts for this purpose are available from many sources.
However, some formulas are used more than others.
Actually, the engine displacement formula is the standard formula for computing the volume of a cylinder of any type with an added factor that represents the number of cylinders in the engine.
To arrive at the answer, multiply the numbers together by starting at the left of the group and working to the right.
This is possible with water and other liquids that have a high surface tension.
Another thing that must be taken into consideration is the volume of the area between the top of the piston and the top of the cylinder block when the piston is in top dead center position.
This method of computing compression ratio cannot be used accurately for engines that have pistons with either domed or irregularly shaped heads.
, for Rear axle gear ratio
For an engine speed of 5000 rpm, a gear ratio of 4.00 to 1, and a tire radius of 13 inches, the equation would look like this: Af
Other good miles have been by Debonnie (Dale Frost-Debby Hanover) and Prompt Time (Adios-On Time) in 2:28-:36;
Fury is upstanding and on the rangy side, and Caper is more the compact type.
On December 5 he paced a mile in 55 on the twice-around, out in third position all the way.
Hustler (Knight Dream-Torkin) is a playful bay rascal of a colt, not the best gaited, but he surely can pace and is right there with them, and sometimes leading them, in the best miles.
Mrs. Freight (Knight Dream-Miss Reed) shows promise and does it in good form, and her best time is about 2:35.
Pete Dailey has four promising 2-year-old pacers.
Bonnie Wick (Gene Abbe-Scotch Mary) has gone in 2:36;
He is going sound again now, and looks good.
Bordner Hanover (Tar Heel-Betty Mahone) 2:34;
Iosola Hanover (Kimberly Kid-Isoletta Hanover) 2:36.
She hesitated, she hopped, she rolled and rocked, skipped and jumped, but in some two weeks she started to pace, From that time to this she has shown steady improvement and now looks like one of the classiest things on the grounds.
Caper (Hoot Mon-Columbia Hanover), 2:30.3-:36;
Flick Nipe's and Neil Engle's Miss Phone (Galophone-Prissy Miss) is a fine-looking filly with good disposition and good gait, and she has worked up to date in 2:46.
Miss Demon Abbe, p, 1:59.3 has trotted in 2:26, and is expected to race at this gait;
He's more than a reader of outdoor articles;
For me, a changed barrel length or an improved stock doesn't constitute a truly new design.
We quickly ran into the same trouble that plagued Bill Ruger in his first experiments: Three or four bullets would be placed well in a six-inch bull at 100 yards and then, unaccountably, one could stray far out of the group.
The 240-grain bullet leaves the muzzle at 1,850 fps, which gives it all the smash needed at woods ranges.
The most intriguing aspect of the S & W Magnum chambered for the new Jet is that it can also fire standard
They have fine FN actions and a better-than-average finish on both the metal and the stock wood.
the
Magnum rim-fires.
shotshells -- to break the little Targo clay targets.
A shortened version of the highly regarded Remington 742 autoloader also appeared in 1961.
The action is a drop-block, handling all the standard
The single-barrel Stevens 940Y (under $35) is made with a side lever rather than a top-tang lever because many youngsters aren't strong enough to operate a top tang to open a gun -- and the side lever does indeed open very easily.
High Standard has also added two models to its line.
Livery stable -- J. Vernon, prop.".
Breakfast was at the Palace Hotel, luncheon was somewhere in the mountain forest, and dinner was either at Boulder Creek or at Santa Cruz.
Vernon's office adjoined the stable, and the walls were adorned with brightly colored lithographs, the folk art of the period.
(Gastronomes have long argued about which came first, the Palace's or Antoine's.
departing, they stepped solemnly with knees lifted to the jaw, for they had been trained to drag at important funerals.
For decades it was the most popular dish served in the Ladies'Grill at breakfast, and it is one of the few old Palace dishes that still survive.
In the grand court of the Palace, notable for its tiers of Moorish galleries that looked down on the maelstrom of vehicles below, Vernon's station was at the entrance.
Once on the road (and especially if the passengers were all regulars and masculine), the schedule meant nothing.
A number of them must have fallen into disfavor;
;
(The Almaden vineyards have now climbed to this height.
Let this boil gently for twenty minutes, then strain.
For this reason, U.S. Camera has prepared this special U.S.A. vacation feature.
or to Lancaster, Pa., the center of the Pennsylvania Dutch country;
Now you're ready for a whirlwind sightseeing tour of America's most exciting city.
Be careful here not to overexpose this subject since they are extremely bright and light-reflecting.
Petersburg, Virginia, and Fredericksburg, Virginia.
In contrast are the vast open stretches of ranch country and oil wells.
For example, the Chamber of Commerce of Gatlinburg, Tennessee, sponsors special camera tours into the Great Smoky Mountains to get pictures of the profusion of wild flowers flourishing in these wooded regions.
Peak action photography is your goal at Miami's Seaquarium and the Cypress Gardens waterskiing events.
The Black Hills Passion Play is produced every summer and is a pageant worth seeing and shooting.
It truly relives another age for the inhabitants use carriages rather than autos and old British and French forts are left intact for tourists to visit and record.
"Song Of Hiawatha", in Elgin, Illinois, from June 20 to 24th.
The Sequoia Grove presents another unique aspect of Yosemite, for these ancient giant trees are a sight never to be forgotten.
Founded in the Ninth Century B.C. it was called Byzantium 200 years later when Byzas, ruler of the Megarians, expanded the settlement and named it after himself.
From there I turned left along Cumhuriyet Cadesi past more hotels and a park on the left, Republic Gardens, and came in a few moments to Taksim Square, one of the hubs of the city, with the Monument of the Republic, erected in 1928, in its center.
A few years later the dome fell in.
Directly opposite is the emperor's door, through which they entered the building.
Magnificent Mosque
After lunch, in the arcade on my left just before reaching the street I found a pastry shop that sells some of the best baklava -- a sweet, flaky cake -- in Istanbul.
There are a good many of them.
Keep ashes from one barbecue to the next to sprinkle over coals if they are too hot, and to stop flames that arise from melting grease.
If necessary to replace both halves on grill, sear cuts and allot extra time.
fruit does nicely.
And lots of hot pads!
Don't forget -- when you take to the hills or the beach -- that your cooler, which you might have used for wine- or beer-cooling on your terrace or back yard, is indispensable for carrying liquid refreshments.
Even use your portable electric or gas grill in the winter, inside.
You can take it with you.
spice is a fact of life in the U.S.A.
The nation's number one picnic treat is the skinless frankfurter -- toasted over a bonfire on the beach or, more sedately, charcoal broiled on a portable grill.
Broil or toast as usual.
heat.
Mustard cream
Simmer about 10 minutes, and keep warm for serving.
2.
Simmer 15 minutes.
Make a paste of brown sugar and mustard and spread lightly over scored surface.
Brush frankfurter twists with about 1/2 cup melted butter and toast slowly over glowing coals until dough is golden brown.
Equipment:
they must be free of oil, wax and dust.
Trim excess clay away from outer edges.
Study surface of clay for defects or desired corrections.
Glazed with two coats of Creek-Turn white stoneware glaze (no glaze on sides or bottom).
Paperweight
Make paper patterns for sections of jar and lid (see Fig. 1, opposite page).
To assemble jar, put paper pattern B for base in bottom of mold and clay disk B on top.
Score one side of disk D, join to C;
Bisque fire to cone 08 with lid on jar.
Use mold to cut four side pieces.
Allow all pieces to become leather hard before constructing shaker.
Set aside to dry thoroughly.
reinforce seam with a coil of clay.
Make lid for sugar bowl the same as jar lids, omitting design disk.
Score side edges of base;
Outside was finished with Creek-Turn brown toner brushed on and sponged off to give antique finish.
Mark row on which first stitches have been bound off for armhole by drawing a contrasting colored thread through it.
Most seams are sewn with backstitch, especially on curved, slanted or loose edges.
Backstitch seam.
All are well distributed, not crowded together near the stern.
The aft cockpit has a Af storage bin over six feet long that doubles as a seat.
Therefore, the lumber is bought in planks and ripped to size for battens, etc., on a table saw.
If notched for the battens, they would require more work, be weakened and limber holes would have to be bored so that bilge water could flow through.
The first piece is glued and screwed to the frames and transom and the piece butted between frames one and two.
They're glued and screwed to the inner member of the keelson.
I clamped a 30-inch piece of aluminum to the base of the planer with a pair of Sure Grips.
Then trim the excess.
The spray rails are first glued on the outside and fastened from the inside with screws.
When the cloth is smooth, apply another coat of resin, spreading it with a paint roller.
I laid three layers of glass cloth on the inside of the stem, also installing a bow eye at this time.
All the flooring and the storage bin is half-inch exterior fir plywood.
Inside, bunks are framed up and installed as indicated.
On the following pages and in the following issues we take you every step of the way to your vacation cottage, from choosing the proper site to applying the final trim.
The roof timbers are precut and the panels standard so that the house can be completely enclosed in a matter of three or four days.
If there are any major restrictions, they usually can be obtained in printed form.
Note where the sun rises and sets, and ask which direction the prevailing winds and storms come from.
They should be as straight as possible, as this will effect their ability to mesh properly when the walls are erected.
The battens covering the joints are of Af stock and are applied after the walls are erected.
A new radial drill press with a 16 inch capacity has a tilting head that allows drilling to be done at any angle.
Belt tension is adjusted by manipulation of two locking bolts and a movable motor mount.
Feeds and speeds
The best results will be obtained by matching the correct speed with a steady feed pressure that lets the tool cut easily at an even rate.
This will not only protect the work table, but also assure a clean breakthrough.
Its building was first proposed in 1791, when a group of citizens, mostly Newburyport men, petitioned the General Court for an act of incorporation.
He says of it:
that he moved with his parents to West Boxford when he was sixteen years old;
A dinner and celebration in honor of this piece of engineering took place July 4, 1793, in a tavern erected by the corporation on the island.
Timothy Palmer had general supervision of the work.
It fell, February 6, 1827, carrying with it a horse and wagon, two men and four oxen.
Twice during the Civil War it was saved from destruction by the opposing armies by the pleas and prayers of a local minister.
Union soldiers at times used it for sleeping quarters to escape from the rain or other inclement weather, and some of them left momentoes of their stay by carving their names and small tokens on its walls and beams.
We have learned a lot -- a dash of hydrochemistry here, a bit about plumbing and pump-priming there.
The other has his pool far away from the house in a field high on a hill.
Even a neat, plastic-covered plunge is not exactly a joy to behold.
But not even our first pool-side gatherings came anywhere near those rosy fantasies.
After the first few weeks, it was obvious that rules had to be made, laid down and obeyed -- even if our popularity ratings became subnormal as a result.
And accompanying adults are urged to keep an alert and sensible eye on their responsibilities.
(To avoid any possible excuse for a dripping parade through your house, it is a good idea to have a telephone extension near the pool as well as a direct outdoor route between the pool, and the parking area.
Our pools also have wide, shallow steps -- for the benefit of the littlest swimmers who can thus be introduced to the water with far greater safety than a ladder affords.
A brief course in hydraulics from the pool builders may well be appreciated in a future crisis.
When shed, they leave rust marks.
It may be true that pool lighting dramatizes an evening scene, but lights also attract all the insect life for miles around.
Even if you live above that line, the FHA will back you, for they have decided that the inclusion of air conditioning in all new homes is a good thing and should be encouraged.
On the contrary, there are fewer colds and smaller doctor bills.
The children can have their daytime naps and hot meals, and be put to bed on schedule in shade-darkened rooms.
But there's no denying that the easiest and most economical way to get year-'round whole-house air conditioning is when you build.
If you plan to add cooling later to your heating system, there are things to watch for.
The minimum cost for an average one-story, 7-room house with basement, is likely to run $1500 above the cost of the heating alone.
As you know, a conditioner makes indoor air cool by pumping the heat out of it and then releasing this heat outdoors.
If you are a party thrower, you may need added capacity.
You may find a conditioner rated by horsepower.
With a unit of the right size, a compressor will run continuously during hot weather, reducing humidity as evenly as it does temperature.
The more directly the sun strikes walls and roof, the greater its heat impact.
In insulation, the numbers to remember are 6-4-2.
Most recreation work calls for a good deal of pre-planning.
Most counties also have maps available from the county engineer showing roads and other features and from the assessor's office showing ownerships of land.
This, of course, depends on the character of the site itself, the previous experience of the investigator, and the number of factors needed to arrive at a good decision.
Is this site available?
A site may also be attractive just through the beauty of its trees and shrubs.
a stream or pond which is attractive in the springtime may become stagnant or dry in late summer.
The fish, animals, and birds which may be found at the site are another interest.
An old shipwreck, a high dam, an old covered bridge, a place to find agates or other semi-precious stones or a place to pan gold, etcetera may be of interest.
Shape of the area is also related to the use attractions and needs of the development.
Check the elevation of the ground, degree and direction of slopes, drainage, rock outcrops, topsoil types and quality, as well as subsoil.
Look at the trees as to size and interest, the amount of shade they provide, how healthy they are, the problems of maintenance, fire hazards, wind throw, etcetera.
Improvements
What was it to Prokofieff?
The answer is, "Yes"!
So young Prokofieff was the darling of success: in his motherland;
Here, Prokofieff became a workman in the vineyards of Socialism -- producing music for the masses.
Compare the vast difference in scope and beauty between his neat and witty little Classical Symphony and his big, muscular, passionate, and eloquent Fifth Symphony;
His creative development of melodic designs of Slavic dance tunes and love songs is captivating: witty, clever, adroit, and subtle.
Nor can anyone be certain that Prokofieff would have done better, or even as well, under different circumstances.
But time is running out, and many of Stravinsky's admirers begin to fear that he will never find terra firma.
Prokofieff was able to adjust his creative personality to a swiftly changing world without losing his particular force and direction.
television;
And like this English master, Mason realizes his subjects in large, simplified masses which, though they seem effortless, are in reality the result of skilled design born of hard work and a thorough distillation of the natural form that inspired them.
During all this time Roy continued to paint, first only on weekends, and then, as the family business permitted, for longer periods.
color patterns that are made to weave throughout the whole composition;
For me, these will belong more completely to their surroundings if they are conceived in this early stage, though I freely admit that I do not hesitate to add or eliminate figures on the full sheet when it serves my final purpose.
"When working from one of my sketches I square it up and project its linear form freehand to the watercolor sheet with charcoal.
I have used a variety of heavy-weight hand-made papers, but prefer an English make, rough surface, in 400-pound weight.
The bristles are a Fitch 2 and a one-half inch brush shaved to a sharp chisel edge.
He does not insist on telling all he knows about any given subject;
Over the years, beginning in 1929, Mason has been awarded seventeen major prizes including two gold medals;
Our athletes are only just beginning to learn that they must study dance.
The parallel bars, horse, buck, springboard, horizontal bar, rings, and mats formerly in the school gyms were replaced by baseball, volleyball, basketball and football.
If a nation wished to get a head start in physical fitness over all other nations, it would start its kindergarten students on a program of gymnastics the day they entered and thus eliminate a large number of the problems that plague American schools.
Well-stretched, trained in posture and coordinated movement, and wedded to rhythm, they presented the audiences in Rome with one of the most beautiful sights ever seen at any Olympic contest.
They should know simple exercises that could prepare less fortunate children for the sports we will demand be taught.
For arm and shoulder strength a chinning bar is recommended.
After this has become easy, use slower and slower rhythms, kicking higher and higher.
Try to push back to the stand position from the stretched position without any intermediate pushes from the hands.
The left will follow at once.
The backbend is of extreme importance to any form of free gymnastics, and, as with all acrobatics, the sooner begun the better the results.
Place the hands in front of the chest.
After it has been seen, have the child start on a mat on hands and knees (a thin, inexpensive mat is quite sufficient for anything that does not require falling).
It is very important for parents to understand that early training is imperative.
Recently many doctors have installed ultrasonic vibration machines for deep massage of bruises, contusions, and simple bursitis.
Three different wavelengths of ultraviolet radiation are selected by the variable filters placed in front of the three mercury xenon lights which serve as the ultraviolet sources.
The result is a color picture of the specimen where the primary colors correspond to the three different ultraviolet wavelengths.
Usually the patient breathes into a mouthpiece while walking a treadmill, standing still, or in some other medically significant position.
thus it takes about 16 Msec. to traverse 25 mm. of tissue.
Outputs of the two systems are measured by a pulse-timing circuit and a resistance bridge, followed by a simple analogue computer which feeds a multichannel recorder.
These frequencies are amplified and detected by the FM receiver after each burst of transmitted energy and, after the "pill" has been calibrated, precise internal pressure indications can be obtained.
Based on this phenomenon, a number of investigators have used this method to "look through" human organs.
Drs. Howry and Holmes at the University of Colorado Medical School have applied the same sonar technique to other areas of soft tissue and have obtained extremely good results.
Other brothers later joined them for instruction with Oldenburg, the wigmaker, and also arithmetic was added to Bible reading, German, and Danish in the informal curriculum.
The brothers continued to help each other during their studies, sharing a joint purse, lodging together in the dormitory and dining together at the home of their aunt.
Hans'student days were at a time when Europe was in a new intellectual ferment following the revolutions in America and in France, Germany and Italy were rising from divisive nationalisms and a strong wave of intellectual awareness was sweeping the Continent.
Oersted remodeled Ritter's notes into an essay in French which was submitted to the Institut De France for its annual prize of 3,000 francs.
In 1806 his ambition was realized and he became professor of physics at the Copenhagen University, though not realizing full professorship (ordinarius) until 1817.
His broad interest in literary, political, and philosophical movements opened many doors to him.
There, forces are more latent than in electricity, and less than in magnetism.
He devised a detonating fuse in which a short wire was caused to glow by an electric current.
The resulting magnetic effect proved stronger than when the discharge was made lengthwise.
The drug's chemical name is listed, since most states require feed processors to use this name instead of the trade name on the feed tag.
Calves
For the best results, feed this level to cattle 3 to 5 days preceding shipment and/or 3 to 5 days following their arrival in your feed lot.
-- Not less than 70 milligrams of Aureomycin per head daily to aid in the prevention of liver abscesses in feed-lot beef cattle.
Sheep
-- Dynafac in a complete ration or 0.3 to 0.4 gram per head per day (200 grams of premix per ton complete ration or equivalent.
-- 10 milligrams of diethylstilbestrol per head daily.
Discontinue medication 48 hours before slaughter.
Drug elevates the metabolic rate of the cow.
Improves utilization of low-moisture corn (less than 14%).
Follow manufacturer's recommendation carefully.
Drug's chemical name:
treat lambs over 50 pounds and adults with 24 grams per animal.
How to feed:
Sulfaquinoxaline.
Incorporated in commercially prepared feed at proper levels.
Promazine hydrochloride.
Feed is put in with an elevator.
All-weather roads must be provided next to the feeding floor so access will be possible all year.
greater price-consciousness.
Average consumer is becoming more sophisticated regarding product and advertising claims, partly because of widespread criticism of such assertions.
Good service starts with product design and planning: Many products seem to be designed for a production economy, not for a service one.
The trends have been in evidence for many years -- population shifts to the Southwest and Far West, and from city to suburbs.
more private label competition.
How can you cash in on this fast-growing type of outlet and still maintain relationships with older existing outlets which are still important?
Computers are being used to keep branch inventories at more workable levels.
From the manufacturer's point of view, the increasing cost of advertising and promotion is a very real problem to be faced in the sixties.
As markets become larger and marketing more complex, the costs of an error become progressively larger.
shortage of skilled salesmen.
Men qualified for the broader task of marketing manager are even more scarce due to the demanding combination of qualifications called for by this type of management work.
Are planning and strategy development emphasized sufficiently in your company?
It is true that most architectural schools have five year courses, some even have six or more.
Without comparing the relative merits of the two courses -- architecture versus interior design -- let us examine the educational needs of the interior designer.
Yet nobody will question the necessity of all this and any reputable interior designer does know all this and does practice it.
Unfortunately, the purely synthetic problem is the rule.
The professional organizations such as American Institute of Interior Designers, National Society of Interior Designers, Home Fashions League and various trade associations, can and do aid greatly in this work.
When these groups were first formed many prominent and accomplished decorators could not have had the advantage of school training since interior design courses were rare and undeveloped during their youth.
Nor will the hack, the Jack-of-all-trades, still found in some of the smaller art schools, suffice.
One technical question of school organization comes to mind here.
Only the independent art schools, that is, those not connected with any university or college, receive severe and separate investigation before accreditation by the various regional organizations.
Do you measure its relation to reduced absenteeism, turnover, accidents, and grievances, and to improved quality and output?
Can you consider restricting any additional employee benefits to those paid for by profit-sharing money, such as was done in the union contract recently signed by American Motors Corporation?
Do you plan to limit additional holidays to area and/or industrial patterns?
Can staggered lunch periods relieve the capacity strain on your feeding facilities?
Would a camera club be useful in taking pictures pertinent to plant safety?
How efficient and necessary are your intra-company vehicles?
What sort of effort do you make to assure that older or disabled workers are fully productive?
A program to fit your needs
Unions stress fringe benefits, but the individual hourly worker prefers cash every time.
M & R Dietetic Laboratories, Inc., Columbus, gives all its workers a facsimile checkbook -- each check showing the amount the company spends on a particular fringe.
This will mean that every time there's an increase in hospital rates your cost will go up in like manner.
If coffee is sold at the cafeteria, let a few workers in each department get it for the whole group.
There are two sides of a coin for this decision.
For example, the Friday after Thanksgiving can be substituted for Washington's birthday.
Check your cafeteria location to make sure it's convenient for most employees.
The early years of the twentieth century seem very far away.
Close to two million game birds were harvested on 1,500 commercial and private shooting preserves, and on State Game Commission-controlled upland game areas during the 1960-61 season.
Following a vigorous campaign of interpretation and leadership development by OEP director Dr. Julian Smith, today thousands of secondary schools, colleges and universities have shooting and hunting education in their physical education and recreation programs.
Joseph Horne, Pittsburgh.
Are you getting top dollar from the shooting sports?
We saw similar displays in the other three campgrounds in this 70-mile-long National Seashore Recreation Area.
Seven million families would total 30 million Americans or more.
They bring their fishing rods and binoculars and bathing suits.
The AAA then splits it down this way: $10.50 for meals, $9.50 for lodging, $7 for gas and oil, and $2 for tips and miscellaneous.
Home is the place to find the comforts of home.
But there is still the sometimes complex problem of helping campers choose the best equipment for their individual needs.
But the realization has been growing that these are not the complete answer.
usually concerned about America's belief that attainment and success are measured in dollars and titles.
Among the more familiar plans for dual-channel advancement is that of General Electric.
In the GE plan, a number of individual contributors have positions and compensation higher than those of many managers.
Another factor that may hold hope is for parallel recognition is, as one man says it: "that the fad for educating top people along managerial lines is yielding to the technically trained approach".
Several other examples: central and satellite
I suppose it is because we are just not big enough.
We have not yet succeeded in establishing recognition of technical specialization comparable to our higher levels of management, but I believe we will trend in this direction but not to exceed vice-president".
"A serious problem accompanying the technical-ladder approach is the difficulty of clearly defining responsibilities and standards of performance for each level.
The highest rated non-supervisory engineering title is'research engineer.
Salaries compare favorably with those paid to the first two or three levels of management.
Sixty miles north of New York City where the wooded hills of Dutchess County meet the broad sweep of the Hudson River there is a new home development called "Oakwood Heights".
Its editors only knew of one example to point to, a public housing development of 278 homes in New Haven described by John Schulz in the March, 1950 issue.
These have to do with property rights, municipal official attitudes and a host of others.
The amount paid by the oil company to Tri-State for the use of its oil distribution system and the privilege of supplying all the homes, is subject to negotiation but naturally must be profitable to both parties.
The officers of the new corporation have naturally explored many angles, as well as personalities that might be affected.
The meter is mounted high on the basement wall.
It wants to interest builders and oil companies in the idea of including its facility in their new home projects, by financing and installing the storage, piping and meters, and leasing these for 15 years, with renewal options, to a strong oil company.
Every year about this time National Gargle Your Cooling System week rolls around.
Of course, you'll want to use the softest water you can in your radiators.
Don't let your mechanics pull the thermostats out of those fueloil delivery trucks or installation rigs of yours.
Look for these features which may mean you can save:
Discounts run up to 2% of cost.
The concept of trans-illumination (as shown by the photo on p. 92), as just one example, offers an entirely new approach to lighting problems -- no matter what industry is involved.
Aggregate sales during 1960 reached approximately $500 million.
a 3-by-6-ft. plastic sign weighs about 120 lb., compared to 275-300 lb. for neon.
Internal illumination, protected from the elements, gives them powerful visual appeal at night;
Of interest is a recent announcement by Du Pont's Polychemicals Dept. of a new methyl methacrylate monomer designated as Monocite H 100, which was developed specifically for production of cast acrylic sheets for the sign and lighting industry.
For outdoor signs and displays, where the problem of weathering resistance is no longer a factor, the choice of plastics is almost unlimited.
The film has an adhesive on the back which permits it to be stripped onto the acrylic panels forming the sign, and also to be stripped off for replacement by new copy as required.
In this way, the sign maker has an economical means for displaying uniform copy on different sign media.
Here are some of the newer items currently available:
Large injection-molded letters are also available for sign installations.
Joined side by side, such channels make possible construction of continuous two-dimensional luminous areas up to 50 ft. high and of unlimited width.
Set your bathtub before you close in the end of the bathroom.
Last wall Bob Schmitt erects is the wall between the house and garage.
3.
But now many of these same builders are finding they can cut their costs more by teaming up with a dealer who has volume enough to afford the most efficient specialized equipment to deliver everything just where it is needed -- drywall inside the house, siding along the sides, trusses on the walls, roofing on the roof, etc.
"So from raw materials to finished erection the costs of materials handling (most of it inefficient) add up to one-fourth of the total construction cost of housing".
3.
Lumber dealers and lumber manufacturers have agreed on a standard unit for unitized shipments -- 48" wide by a nominal 30" high (or six McCracken packets 24" wide by nominal 7" high).
These carriers cut handling costs for the dealer -- and the builder
Restudy what your men do, to help them waste less of the time you pay for
Reports Jim Lendrum: "By studying men on the job, we found that two men -- a carpenter and a helper -- can lay a floor faster than three.
But now that all production builders build with drywall and all smart builders build with panels, green lumber is an anachronism you cannot afford.
You can relive history and follow, in fancy, the Crusaders in their quest for the Holy Grail as they sail out from Brindisi, an ancient town in the heel of Italy's boot.
Almost any travel agent will reserve a car for you.
If you plan to visit any of these countries, you can obtain your International Driving Permit before you leave at a nominal fee -- around $3.00.
Your choice of model will undoubtedly be governed by the number of people travelling in your group.
If you wish to budget closely on transportation, saving your extra dollars to indulge in luxuries, one agency lists the small Fiat 500 at only $1.26 a day plus $.03 a kilometer and the Fiat 2100 Station Wagon, seating six, at just $1.10 a day and $.105 a kilometer.
You will be entitled to all the advantages of a new car owner, which includes the factory guarantee and the services valid at authorized dealers throughout Europe.
It isn't as expensive as most people believe it to be.
Just about the most enthralling real-life example of meeting cute is the Charles MacArthur-Helen Hayes saga: reputedly all he did was give her a handful of peanuts, but he said simultaneously, "I wish they were emeralds".
The point -- quite simply -- is this: words they might have had;
Smith's first workout with stresses, pitches, and junctures was based on mother, which spells, in our culture, a good deal more than bread alone.
The joint investigations of linguistics and psychiatry have established, in point of fact, that no matter what the subject of conversation is or what words are involved, it is impossible for people to talk at all without telling over and over again what sort of people they are and how they relate to the rest of the world.
His esoteric chartings of the voice alert the therapist to areas where deeper probing may bring to light underlying psychological difficulties, making them apparent first to the therapist and eventually to the patient.
She says later, but still within the opening five minutes, "I keep thinking of a divorce but that's another emotional death".
Yet, in spite of this, intensive study of the taped interviews by teams of psychotherapists and linguists laid bare the surprising fact that, in the first five minutes of an initial interview, the patient often reveals as many as a dozen times just what's wrong with him;
(This patient, in actuality, was a neurasthenic who had almost come to the point of accepting the fact that it was not her soma but her psyche that was the cause of her difficulty.
Throughout the early years of World War 2, reports persisted that the Axis powers had used gas -- Germany in Russia, Japan in China again.
I state categorically that we shall under no circumstances resort to the use of such weapons unless they are first used by our enemies".
Thus, in the immemorial way -- in the way of the right hand that knows and the left that does not -- was the stage set for tragedy at Bari.
But the older and wiser heads had dismissed his warning as alarmist.
Telephone communication was bad.
Not fire until the bombs came down!
For five days now, they had been in port and that filthy stuff was still in the hold.
Richardson glanced to sea and started slightly.
At exactly 7:30, he felt a fluttering object brush his face.
It was "window" -- the tinsel paper dropped by bombers to jam radar sets, to fill the scope with hundreds of blips that would seem to be approaching bombers.
After the first two were blacked out, the third light was abandoned by a terrified Italian crew, who left their light to shine for nine minutes like an unerring homing beacon until British MP's shot it out.
He was wounded, but fought on.
Emerson, in his lecture, refers to the "startling experience which almost every person confesses in daylight, that particular passages of conversation and action have occurred to him in the same order before, whether dreaming or waking, a suspicion that they have been with precisely these persons in precisely this room, and heard precisely this dialogue, at some former hour, they know not when".
Freud probably contributed more than anyone else to the understanding of dreams, enabling us to recognize their equivalents in our wakeful thoughts.
Is a dream simply a mental or cerebral movie?
As in the theory of perception, established in psycho-physiology, the eye is recognized as an integral part of the brain.
Space in any form is completely measured by the three dimensions.
As a matter of fact, the incorrect classification, the result of many weeks of labor by Dr. Hilprecht, was about to be published by him the following day.
No doubt some experiences vanish so completely as to leave no trace on the sleeper's mind.
One week before the convention, Depew was seated on the porch of a country home on the Hudson, gazing at the opposite shore.
To him this means caring for the whole child, providing basic nutrition, and a spiritual attitude that lends freedom for the development of the mind.
By 1952 he was convinced he would no longer spray.
Sniffing its sweet smell and letting it fall to show its good crumbly consistency, he pointed to the nearby driveway and said, "This soil used to be like that hard packed road over there".
"After the soil, the kitchen", says Mr. Clark.
Mr. Clark's studies taught him that the only way to conserve the vitamins in the whole grain was prompt use of the flour.
Hot, freshly-ground cereal
Body-building foods
Hens are kept on the range and roosters are kept with them for their fertility.
Following a talk by Mr. Clark at the New York State Natural Food Associates Convention, a man from the audience offered to ship his unsprayed apples to the school from Vermont.
Wholesome snacks, no candy
Nourishing meals
A vigorous program existed in skiing, skating sports and overnight hiking.
A plume of smoke rose from a Central Vermont locomotive which idled behind a string of gravel cars, and little figures that were workmen labored to set the ruptured roadbed to rights.
The nearest undisrupted end of track from Boston was at Concord, N. H.
They had courage but their meager training consisted of weekend hops in good weather, in and out of established airports, And the increasingly cold weather soon raised hob with the water cooled engines of their World War 1, planes.
A trim green and silver-painted craft only 22-1/2 feet long, the Waco was entered to compete in the "On-to-Spokane" Air Derby of 1927.
It took a tragedy to bring things to a head.
During the second week of operations, Fogg received a telegram from the Post Office Department, asking him to "put on two airplanes and make two flights daily, plus one Sunday trip".
"Ceilings" were judged by comparison with known mountain heights and cloud positions.
The dependable Wright engine was never stopped on these trips.
Once the soldiers from the barracks had to hold the ship from blowing away while Fogg revved the engine and got the tail up.
We always thought we would die with our boots on.
It never seemed real;
If so, you are of the old school.
However, the last few years of your life, things seem to be changing.
Yes sir!
Every retiring person has a different situation facing him.
You can sit back and moan and bewail your lot.
There are many, many things to do.
Do you like to sew?
Well!
Some women get a real thrill out of housework.
Don't be discouraged!
It does cost a lot of money for most hobbies but there are hobbies that are for free.
Travel, if you can.
Thus creativity may run all the way from making a cake, building a chicken coop, or producing a book, to founding a business, creating a League of Nations or, developing a mature character.
It is in this one aspect, at least, that man seems to be made in the image of his Creator.
Some recent writings assume that the ignorant young couples are a thing of the remote, Victorian past;
One thing should be clear to both husband and wife -- neither pain nor profuse bleeding has to occur when the hymen is ruptured during the first sex act.
Some hymens are so strongly developed that they cannot be torn without considerable pain to the girl and marked loss of blood.
This recommendation was based on the fact that the hymen was not the only barrier to smooth consummation of the sex act.
She learns how to relax them to accept -- instead of contracting them to repel -- the entering object.
But during the same examination, two fingers may be inserted along the posterior wall (the bottom of the vagina in the same position) without any pain;
Ruthlessness at this time can be a very severe shock to the bride, both physically and psychologically.
This may require imagination and reminding himself that now he can be demanding and self-centered.
It is ourselves and arouses memories of all the things we wish to do with ourselves".
I still recall the mild shock I experienced in reading material of an enthusiastic advocate of the "clean, healthful, free way of natural life in nudism", who seemed to brave much misunderstanding and persecution in fine spirit.
In a growing number of American homes, marriage counselors report, the wife is taking a commanding role in sexual relationships.
They consider it simply a sign of our times.
On the other hand, wifely supremacy demeans the husband, saps his self-respect, and robs him of his masculinity.
This woman repeatedly complained she was "too tired" for marital relations.
Sometimes this leads to his becoming demandingly dominant in marriage.
After all, the henpecked husband with his shrewish wife is a comic figure of long standing, in literature and on the stage, as Dr. Schillinger points out.
Family survival on our own Western frontier, for example, could quite literally depend on a man's strength and ability to bring home the bacon;
Left alone while her husband was miles away in the city, the modern wife assumed more and more duties normally reserved for the male.
According to Dr. Ellis, the average 20-year-old American woman is capable of far greater sexual arousal than her partner.
Thus a man who is butting a stone wall at the office may become unusually aggressive in bed -- the one place he can still be champion.
"To get a marriage back where it belongs", comments Dr. Schillinger of the Lincoln Institute, "the husband must take some very basic steps.
She never hid the fact that she liked to play.
"In 1951 she was a prostitute in New York County.
"That's a lie.
The screen test was never made -- but Diane was.
She hastily complied.
"Then she went to Deauville where she met a member of a powerful Greek syndicate of gamblers".
Discreet Italian police described it in a manner typically continental.
In the morning she found rooms directly across from the Excelsior at the equally luxurious Hotel Ambassador.
"Pulley Bey insisted that she bestow her favors on him", the friend continued.
The cagey Pulley Bey, who spoke no English, had taken the passport so that Diane couldn't leave the country without his approval.
Houston police got to know Diane two years ago when the vice squad picked her up for questioning about a call girl ring.
Pictures of her in more glamorous days were on the walls.
I am selling the stuff of which is made one of the Great American Dreams -- wall-to-wall carpeting.
(He explained that he could diagnose these ailments from squeezing her foot because all of the nervous system was connected to it.
"Cancer"!
After another treatment with the machine, he told her that "her entire body was shot through with tumors and cysts".
An isolated case of quackery?
His plunder is therefore far higher -- running into hundreds of millions.
For example, the BBB has reported it was receiving four times as many inquiries about quack devices and 10 times as many complaints compared with two years ago.
Mr. A., her fellow townsman, also experienced a nervous breakdown just as soon as he discovered that he had been bilked of his life savings by the limited practitioner who had been treating his wife -- a woman suffering from an incurable disease, multiple sclerosis -- and himself.
Moreover, the diabetic patient who relies on cure by the quack device and therefore cuts off his insulin intake can be committing suicide.
Moreover, her husband and child contracted T.B. from her.
That's where device quackery can lead.
Mr. and Mrs. Stewart were puzzled and concerned.
What is it likely to cost?
Front teeth not meeting when the back teeth close.
Malocclusion can also result if baby teeth are lost too soon or retained too long.
Then, too, misplaced or jammed-together teeth are prone to trapping food particles, increasing the likelihood of rapid decay.
Abnormal pressure, applied over a period of time, produces a change in the bony deposit, so a tooth functions normally in the new position into which it has been guided.
Parents are often concerned that orthodontic appliances may cause teeth to decay.
How long will this take?
"Costs may seem high, but they used to be even higher", says Dr. Brodie.
"In the past anyone who said that 90% of all malocclusion is hereditary was scoffed at;
"A child with a certain type of head and teeth will outgrow tooth deformity".
"Then see that your youngster has a routine checkup once a year".
Some mediums speak in practical, down-to-earth terms, while others may stress the spiritual.
He himself might not have been really aware of his own mood;
One way to do this is by "proxy sittings", wherein the person seeking a message does not himself meet with the medium but is represented by a substitute, the proxy sitter.
Now the original absent sitter must decide whether the statements are meaningful to him.
If he is not told which of four or five readings was meant for him, he can more readily assess each item in a larger frame: "Does that statement really sound as if it were for me, significant in my particular life?
that in the United States more people die of heart disease than of smallpox.
All these evaluations are then totted up and tabulated, by adding up the Hits and Significants, with the weight placed on those in the sitter's own reading.
"I feel cold", the medium says, or "My leg aches", "My head is heavy".
Simply using it increases its intensity, I was told by one sensitive.
One medium saw two sheets flapping on a line and found that the name Shietz was significant to the sitter.
The farmer must get up early, and, at times, work late at night.
Part-time farmers generally must pay higher prices for supplies than full-time farmers because they buy in smaller quantities.
Advantages
Usually, the cost of food and shelter will be somewhat less on the farm and the cost of transportation and utilities somewhat more.
Land
When surplus land is not expensive to buy or to keep up, it is usually better to buy it than to buy so small an acreage that the development of adjoining properties might impair the residential value of the farm.
You will probably want to hire someone to do the plowing, however.
and (2) whether you want to buy or rent.
Obviously the farm should be on an all-weather road.
A tavern, filling station, junk yard, rendering plant, or some other business may go up near enough to hurt your home or to hurt its value.
Pond water can be filtered for human use, but most part-time farmers would not want to go to so much trouble.
If the house is not wired adequately for electricity or if plumbing or a central heating system must be installed, check into the cost of making these improvements.
List the kind and quantity of things the farm can be expected to produce in an average year.
For almost two months, the defendant and the world heard from individuals escaped from the grave about fathers and mothers, graybeards, adolescents, babies, starved, beaten to death, strangled, machine-gunned, gassed, burned.
But there was a contrast even more decisive than a hunger for fact between the Trial in Jerusalem and those in Moscow and New York.
How could supplying Eichmann with a platform on which to maintain that one could collaborate in the murder of millions of Jews without being an anti-semite contribute to a verdict against anti-Semitism?
The real question was how one passed from anti-Semitism of this sort to murder, and the answer to this question is not to be found in anti-Semitism itself.
In other words, the promulgators of the murder plan made clear that physically exterminating the Jews was but an extension of the anti-Semitic measures already operating in every phase of German life, and that the new conspiracy counted on the general anti-Semitism that had made those measures effective, as a readiness for murder.
But if there was evidence at the Trial that aimed over Eichmann's head at his collaborators in the societies where he functioned, the press seems to have missed it.
But though this characterization in no way diminished Eichmann's guilt, the Prosecutor, more deeply involved in the tactics of a criminal case than a political one, would have none of it.
Three agreed, but four declined and were suspended.
Where it is not actually erupting, it rumbles and smolders in sullen resentment like a volcano, ready to explode at any moment.
This means that such factors as the health of the parents, particularly the mother, their ability to provide their children with the necessities of life, the degree of population density of a country and the shortage of housing facilities may legitimately be taken into consideration in determining the number of offspring.
The latter plays a prominent role in Roman Catholic theology and is considered decisive, entirely apart from Scripture, in determining the ethical character of birth-prevention methods.
It is always a temptation for a religious organization, especially a powerful or dominant one, to impose through the clenched fist of the law its creedal viewpoint upon others.
Up to the turn of the century, contraception was condemned by all Christian churches as immoral, unnatural and contrary to divine law.
In 1958, the Conference endorsed birth control as the responsibility laid by God on parents everywhere.
The general board declared: "Most of the Protestant churches hold contraception and periodic continence to be morally right when the motives are right.
Among the chief victims of such an ill-conceived imposition would be religion itself.
For hundreds of years, the evidence available consisted of (1) the captain's fragmentary journal, (2) a highly prejudiced account by one of the survivors, (3) a note found in a dead man's desk on board, and (4) several second-hand reports.
Each time his objective had been the same -- a direct water passage from Western Europe to the Far East.
He had obtained and provisioned a veteran ship called the Discovery and had recruited a crew of twenty-one, the largest he had ever commanded.
In 1602, George Waymouth, in the same little Discovery that Hudson now commanded, had sailed 300 miles up the strait before his frightened men turned the ship back.
Philip Staffe, the ship's carpenter, was a good worker, but perversely independent.
There at the river's edge waited one Henry Greene, whom Hudson listed as a "clerk".
Early in June, the Discovery passed "Desolation" (southern Greenland) and in mid-June entered the "Furious Overfall".
A group of sailors announced to Hudson that they would sail no farther.
All through July the Discovery picked her way along the 450-mile-long strait, avoiding ice and rocky islands.
For he seemed to sense at once that before him was no South Sea, but the solid bulk of the North American continent.
Hudson, presiding, heard Juet's defense, then called for testimony from crew members.
Once, after the Discovery lay for a week in rough weather, Hudson ordered the anchor raised before the sea had calmed.
By October the little colony about Fort Douglas (present-day Winnipeg) numbered 100.
For many years the Northwest Company had its southern headquarters at Prairie Du Chien on the Mississippi River, some 300 miles southeast of present-day St. Paul, Minnesota.
Upon arriving at Baltimore, Selkirk on December 22 wrote to John Quincy Adams, Secretary of State at Washington, inquiring about laws covering trade with "Missouri and Illinois Territories".
Thereafter seed and food became more plentiful and the colony remained in the north the year round.
Alexander McDonnell, governor of Red River, and James Bird, a chief factor of the Hudson's Bay Company, ordered such "sundry articles" to a value of Ab4,500.
In April came a rapid thaw that produced high waters which did not recede until mid-June.
The Company maintained a store at which products of England could be purchased and brought in goods for the new merchants on the understanding that they refrain from trading in furs.
Some of their figures of speech were colorful and expressive.
She is a regular stub and twister, double geered.
if they should bite before I wake, I pray the Lord their jaws to break".
"I expect to be tough as a knott as soon as I get over the Georgia Shitts".
Scarcity of paper caused many Southerners to adopt the practice of cross-writing, i.e., after writing from left to right of the page in the usual manner, they gave the sheet a half turn and wrote from end to end across the lines previously written.
and these, full of homely advice, are among the most human and revealing of Civil War letters.
I told them some sweet lies and they believed it all.
Went out a skouting yesterday.
Jackson runs first and his Cavalry are well drilled to follow their leader.
Shortly after the beginning of Sherman's Georgia campaign, an ailing Yank wrote his homefolk: "the surgeon insisted on sending me to the hospital for treatment.
And the emphasis on nationalism in America is in proportion to the growth of American influence across the world.
Of course, nationalism has really outlived its usefulness in a country as world-oriented as ours, and its continued existence reflects one of the major culture lags of the twentieth-century United States.
Abraham Lincoln emerged as an incarnation of the national Constitution.
In its propagandistic and commercial haste to discover our folk heritage, the public has remained ignorant of definitions such as this.
After all, the field is large, difficult to define and seldom taught properly to American undergraduates.
The amateur is closely related to the collector, who is actually no more than the amateur who has taken to the field.
To both the amateur and the commercial progandist the analyst lacks a soul, lacks appreciation with his endless probings and classifications.
And while every writer must be dealt with as a special case, the interested student will want to ask himself a number of questions about each.
In the second place, a large number of writers, making a more direct claim than Frost to being "folk writers" of one sort or another, clearly make no distinctions between genuine and bogus material.
He had a round, frank Irish face, creased in a jovial grin that stayed bleakly in place even when he was pumping bullets into someone's body.
Landesco thought him "just a superior sort of plugugly" but he was, in fact, with his aggression and hostility, and nerveless indifference to risking or administering pain, a casebook psychopath.
He was also at the same time gaining practical experience as a safe breaker and highwayman, and learning how to shoot to kill from a Neanderthal convicted murderer named Gene Geary, later committed to Chester Asylum as a homicidal maniac, but whose eyes misted with tears when the young Dion sang a ballad about an Irish mother in his clear and syrupy tenor.
Unlike the Sicilians, he additionally conducted holdups, robberies, and safe-cracking expeditions, and refused to touch prostitution.
The guest list is in itself a little parable of the state of American civic life at this time.
However, this inaugural feast did its sponsors no good whatever.
O'Banion drew his guns and fired at Dave, severely wounding him in the stomach.
Upon which the detective bureau despatched rifle squads to prevent trouble if O'Banion should send his gunmen out to deal with the hijacking policemen.
The revenue from O'Banion's Cicero territory went up still higher, until the yield was more than the Torrio-Capone takings from the far bigger trade area of Chicago's South and West Sides.
The ancient Greeks recorded several catastrophic inundations by huge waves.
one wave swamped more than 1,000 ships and boats in Osaka Bay.
Tsunami are so shallow in comparison with their length that in the open ocean they are hardly detectable.
Reefs are left high and dry, and the beaches are covered with stranded fish.
Among the observers of the 1946 tsunami at Hilo was Francis P. Shepard of the Scripps Institution of Oceanography, one of the world's foremost marine geologists.
The luminosity of the water is now believed to have been caused by the stimulation of vast numbers of the luminescent organism Noctiluca miliaris by the turbulence of the sea.
Such equipment has been installed at Hilo, Midway, Attu and Dutch Harbor.
The warning system immediately went into action.
nothing remains the same.
Superstition has often blended with fact to color reports.
The following discussion of this subject has been adapted from the book Causes Of Catastrophe by L. Don Leet.
But don't tell that to a veteran of the Fighting Seventh, especially in a saloon on Saturday night.
In combat, helping your CO make a fool of himself might mean getting yourself killed.
He not only knew soldiering, but mathematics, history and literature as well.
It was the 7th Cavalry whose troopers were charged with guarding the Imperial Palace of the Emperor.
And so Mel Chandler got the spirit of Garryowen.
From then on the Fighting Seventh was in the thick of the bitterest fighting in Korea.
They overran the 7th Cav's forward machine-gun positions through sheer weight of numbers, over piles of their own dead.
His followers shouted the old battle cry after him and charged the hill, firing as they ran.
Marvin Goulding saw what was happening.
That finished the job that Captain Chandler and Lieutenant Carroll had begun.
For nearly a century the cry has never failed to rally the fighting men of the regiment.
I do not mean to suggest that these assumptions are self-evident, in the sense that everyone agrees with them.
and because Communists have the will and, as long as Soviet power remains intact, the capacity to prevent their realization.
Justice is a worthy objective;
And I suggest further that the main cause of the trouble we are in has been the failure of American policy-makers, ever since we assumed free world leadership in 1945, to deal with this problem realistically and seriously.
Half of the population of the U.S. would be needed to work on arms just to feed the people".
Prestige is a measure of how other people think of you, well or ill.
And is Western influence greater or less than it used to be?
The Kremlin's goal is the isolation and capture, not of Ghana, but of the United States -- and this purpose may be served very well by countries that masquerade under a "neutralist" mask, yet in fact are dependable auxiliaries of the Soviet Foreign Office.
Today the Nasser and Kassem governments are adamantly hostile to the West, are dependent for their military power on Soviet equipment and personnel;
The strains of neutralism are running strong, notably in England, and even in Germany.
We served our national interests, and by so doing we saved the Guatemalan people the ultimate in human misery.
Where should I go?
Had the Communist-led Pathet Lao finally come this far?
A restaurant posted a reminder to patrons "who became excited and left without paying their checks".
The Pathet Lao forces held two northern provinces and openly took the offensive in three more.
".
For so long as death was not violent, it was natural and to be welcomed, making a funeral a feast.
We flew in rickety planes so overloaded that we wondered why they didn't crash.
Alas, so it almost proved for us, too.
His Highness had decided only two hours ago to go out of town, and he was eager to be off.
More bouncing, another stop, a new house for teachers, a new well.
That way they have an infirmary for $400.
Then came coconuts, eggs, and rice wine.
Strings keep souls in place
A man has 32 souls, one for each part of the body.
Jewish identity was often confused with social and economic strivings.
Still another boy asserted: "To be a good Jew is to do no wrong;
One boy said querulously about Orthodox Jews: "It's the twentieth century, and they don't have to wear beards".
Another girl from a relatively large midwestern city described herself as "the only Orthodox girl in town".
The percentage of Jewish girls who attend college is almost as high as that of boys.
The lower-middle class college student
Most Jewish mothers are determined to exercise vigilance over the social and sexual lives of their daughters by keeping them home.
Of course, I would like to go to an out-of-town school where there are all kinds of people, but I would want lots of Jewish kids there".
A freshman girl's father not too long ago called a dean at Brooklyn College and demanded the "low-down" on a boy who was going out with his daughter.
But it should be pointed out that some of the new watering places -- Fire Island, Nantucket, Westhampton, Long Island, for example -- tend to be homogeneously Jewish.
There are boxed proclamations in the newspaper of watchings, pinnings, ringings, engagements, and marriages in a scrupulously graded hierarchy of felicity.
This could also be used for any other skin irritation.
the burn oozed watery fluid for many days, and finally the healing was completed by bathing it with epsom salts.
To stop bleeding, cobwebs were applied to cuts and wounds.
One old man told me that when he was a boy he was kicked in the head by a fractious mule and had his scalp laid back from the entire front of his head.
Another sprinkled sugar on hot coals and held the wounded foot or hand in the smoke.
Blood blisters could be prevented from forming by rubbing a work blister immediately with any hard nonpoisonous substance.
Chiggers were a common pest along streams and where gardens and berries thrived;
to keep them out of homes, even in the 1900's, was a chore.
Shingles were cured by gentian, an old drug, used in combinations.
Chilblains were also treated with tincture of capsicum or cabbage leaves.
One young girl told me how her mother removed a wart from her finger by soaking a copper penny in vinegar for three days and then painting the finger with the liquid several times.
Another common method was to cut an onion in two and place each half on the wart for a moment;
Except for the wine waiter in a restaurant -- always an inscrutable plenipotentiary unto himself, the genii with the keys to unlock the gates of the wine world are one's dealer, and the foreign shipper or negociant who in turn supplies him.
And certainly, in the case of the beginner or the comparatively uninitiated wine drinker, the palate and the capacity for appreciation will not be ready for the Grands Crus as a steady diet without frequent recourse to crus of less renown.
A really good wine waiter is, paradoxically, the guardian (and not the purveyor) of his cellar against the Visigoths.
Fat bottles, such as Burgundies, have a way of rolling around in the bin and often need little props, such as a bit of cardboard or a chip of wood, to hold them in the proper reclining posture.
All in all, though, there is a good deal of nonsense expended over the preparations thought necessary for ordinary wine drinking;
The only cardinal sin which may be committed in warming a wine is to force it by putting it next to the stove or in front of an open fire.
To quote Professor Saintsbury: "The last glass of claret or Burgundy is as good as the first;
The cork should be pulled gradually and smoothly, and the lip of the bottle wiped afterward.
the average claret is notably longer-lived than its opposite number, red Burgundy.
Giffen advised acceptance of this plan, citing the depressed market for land then prevailing and the large stock of provisions at the plantation.
If William wished to continue operations for a year, why not simply leave the Negroes undisturbed and pay them "as high wages to remain there as are ever paid the labor of persons of their sex & age.
"I considered that your views would be best carried out", he explained, "by taking women whose progeny will of course be free & more fully extend the philantrophy of Emancipation.
Palfrey's brothers each received lots of sixteen Negroes, and for bookkeeping purposes it was agreed that all lots were to be valued at $6,666.66.
Henry stormed into Giffen's office waving a copy of the New Orleans Courier, shouting that the emancipation scheme had become a public affair, and that it would reach the "Ears of the People on the Plantation, and make them restless & unhappy".
Mrs. Child, who had once apologized for sending editor Palfrey a book on slavery, now confided that she had helped one of Henry Palfrey's slaves escape to Canada some years before, but asked him not to advertise the fact in Louisiana.
The women by remaining behind condemned their children, born and unborn, to bondage.
Should any slave change his mind and request to leave earlier, Giffen was to provide passage at once.
Two of these were included in Palfrey's lot.
This group had been Palfrey's greatest worry since Anna was in bad health, and her children were too young to work for their keep.
Secretary of the Treasury Douglas Dillon owns a prize Monet, Femmes dans un Jardin.
("It is always of sorrow to me when I find people who neither know nor understand music", he declared not long ago in proposing that White House prizes be awarded for music and art.
William Walton, a writer-turned-painter, has been a long-time friend of the President.
But his credentials are impeccable.
His Ideas in this respect, however, sometimes arouse critical response.
The hotly debated plan for the capital's Franklin D. Roosevelt Memorial, a circle of huge tablets engraved with his speeches (and promptly dubbed by one of its critics, "Instant Stonehenge"), is another of Udall's headaches, since as supervisor of the National Parks Commission he will share in the responsibility for building it.
With its coating of gold radiator paint removed -- a gaucherie of some earlier tenant -- it will now occupy its rightful place in the oval Blue Room on the first floor of the White House.
And part of a fabulous collection of vermeil hollowware, bequeathed to the White House by the late Mrs. Margaret Thompson Biddle, has been taken out of its locked cases and put on display in the State dining room.
One of the offices slated for reconstruction is the aged Court of Claims, diagonally across the street from the White House.
The buildings are mostly Georgian.
And this gives rise to an easy camaraderie probably unequaled elsewhere in the Ivy League.
For example, groups regularly canoe down the Connecticut River.
Forty miles farther north is Mount Moosilauke, Dartmouth's own mountain.
There is much to be said for such a college -- and Dartmouth men have been accused of saying it too often and too loudly.
In an age of oratory, he was the king of orators, and both he himself and Chief Justice Marshall were bathed in manly tears, as Uncle Dan'l reached his thundering climax:
The governor and his retinue thoughtfully brought with them a glorious silver punchbowl which is still one of the cherished possessions of the college.
He transformed Dartmouth from a small New Hampshire institution into a national college.
it is, in fact, the only college in the Ivy group.
It has come on with a rush in more significant areas.
If she avoided the train and hired a buggy, the stableman might have recognized her.
The New Bedford Standard-Times has reported Knowlton as saying, long after the trial, that if he only knew what Borden said during his conversation with Morse, he would have convicted "somebody".
Fall River is not a fashionable town.
Morse said Borden let him out and locked the screen door.
And despite Knowlton's attempts to show that the house was locked up tighter than a drum, this was not true.
With the second murder over, he could have left, hidden the weapon in some vacant lot or an abandoned cistern in the neighborhood.
He wrote:
Fleet asked the same question about Bridget, and Lizzie pointed out that as far as she knew Bridget had gone up to her room before her father's murder and came down when she called her.
When I interviewed Kirby, who as a boy picked up pears in the Borden yard, I asked if anybody else in the household besides Lizzie and Morse had been under any suspicion at the time of the murders.
There are also other factors that require closer examination.
A gentleman of the old school, Mr. Upton possessed intellectual power, ample means, and withal, was a devoted Christian.
A picture of her in high school comes from a younger schoolmate, Albert S. Flint, friend of her brother Winslow, and later, like Winslow, a noted astronomer.
Whatever was the science in the high school course for the time being, that was my favorite study.
Also Lucy and Winslow had a private contest to see which one could make the most words from the letters in "importunately".
After her father's death, Lucy and her youngest sister lived for a few years with Winslow in Washington, D.C.
What was called an "accidental meeting" with Miss Packard in Washington turned her attention to Spelman.
and as graduates gratefully recall, she drew on her purse as well.
So strenuous it was physically, with its days of horseback riding over rough roads that it seems an amazing feat of endurance for both Miss Packard and Miss Upton.
She urged the importance of more thorough preparation for admission.
Miss Upton told the Trustees that the death of Miss Giles was "the sorest grief" the Seminary had ever been called upon to bear.
But she decided to stay at Spelman.
With infinite patience she responded to every call, no matter at what cost to herself, and to her all went, for she was sure to have the needed information or word of cheer.
He receives remuneration for his work.
But in the next decades the nation needs to educate for the professions all the potential professional talent.
The absence of successful Negroes in the world of scholarship and science has tended to tamp down enthusiasm among Negro youth for academic careers.
however, for slow learners and prospective dropouts these courses ought to begin earlier.
Practically all of these practical skills are of such a nature that a degree of mastery can be obtained in high school sufficient to enable the youth to get a job at once on the basis of the skill.
Most of our largest cities have one or more separate vocational or technical high schools.
It is not often realized to what degree certain trades are in many communities closed areas of employment, except for a lucky few.
I asked.
The physical facilities at Dunbar are impressive, but more impressive is the attitude of the pupils.
Blanched peanuts, as prepared for making peanut butter or for eating as nuts, are roasted seeds whose seedcoats have been rubbed off.
More than 200 million tons of seeds and seed products are fed to livestock annually in the United States.
Some are used in paints along with drying oils.
Corn and wheat supply most of the starch in the United States, Canada, and Australia.
Once regarded as an agricultural nuisance, psyllium was sold in the 1930's as a mechanical laxative under 117 different brands.
The oil palm of West Africa yields edible oil from both the flesh and the seed or kernel of its fruit.
It is used for making buttons and other small, hard objects of turnery.
Peanut and sesame oils often are used as carriers or diluents for medicines administered by injection.
Beverages are made from seeds the world over.
Beer, generally fermented from barley, is an old alcoholic beverage.
Seeds are the essential raw materials for milling grain, baking, crushing oilseed, refining edible oil, brewing, distilling, and mixing feed.
Yet there were always some that moved farther and farther out, seekin'grass and water.
Drifts usually happened only with cattle, for hosses had'nough sense to avoid'em, and to find shelter for'emselves.
This word was first applied to the imported hot-blooded cattle, but later was more commonly used as reference to a human tenderfoot.
The most common reference to "wet stock" was with the meanin'that such animals had been smuggled across the Rio Grande after bein'stolen from their rightful owners.
It was when she was in this position that the name "prayin'cow" was suggested to the cowboy.
Rarely did a trail herd pass through the Injun country on its march north that it wasn't stopped to receive demand for "wohaw".
From a pen of wild bulls one would be released, and with much yellin'a cowhand'd take after'im.
Near the southern border, cattle of the early longhorn breed whose coloration was black with a lineback, with white speckles frequently appearin'on the sides and belly, were called "zorrillas".
A "book count" was the sellin'of cattle by the books, commonly resorted to in the early days, sometimes much to the profit of the seller.
the first use of the word "rustler" was as a synonym for "hustler", becomin'an established term for any person who was active, pushin', and bustlin'in any enterprise.
Kearton focussed his field glasses.
There was Sounder, too, also a veteran of the North Rim, and Rastus and the Rake from a pack of English fox-hounds, and a collie from a London pound, and Simba, a terrier.
Kearton and Ulyate looked at each other and began to gallop toward the sound.
And he hasn't even got a knife on him.
He threw the lasso.
Her tail no longer lashed.
Lighting one he pitched it into the crevice, and the lioness left off mauling the dogs and departed.
And the sun was beginning to go down.
John himself was bruised and clawed from head to tail, but he was in this fight to the finish, running almost as strongly now as in the morning.
Means spit and edged on.
Then gradually he began to pull away.
Somewhere in the few scant yards of head start was the determining point.
He raced by within twenty feet of her, roped her around the neck, but a lioness'neck is short and thick and with a quick twist she slipped the noose off.
The front line of advance is where witnessing and worshiping congregations of different traditions exist side by side.
It implies two misconceptions.
Their characteristic experience is that of the individual at an altar or a shrine rather than that of a continuing social group with a distinctive kind of fellowship.
The local and the ecumenical are one.
They were bifocals.
It would hardly be an exaggeration to say that ninety per cent of the energy of most churches -- whether in terms of finance or spiritual concern -- is poured into the private and domestic interests of the members.
It draws young people into the circle of those who continue the life of the church from generation to generation.
It is not disturbing them by thoughts of their Christian responsibility in relation to the world.
Local embodiment of the whole
When the visitors, after losing this game, rode along the village streets toward home, the youngsters who could keep abreast of them for a moment or two screamed triumphantly, "You bunch of hay-shakers!
As the twenties grew older, and as radio broadcasts of baseball games began to involve more and more people daily in the doings of the professionals, the great hitters (always led by Babe Ruth) overshadowed the game so that pitchers were nearly of no account.
and a policeman asserted he had found a pair of brass knuckles in Art's pocket once when he had occasion to collar the Great First Baseman for some forgotten reason.
The business of baseball began to prosper along with other entertainments, and performers -- thanks partly to George Herman Ruth's spectacular efforts each season to run his salary higher and higher -- prospered too.
The ball lay there, shining white on the grass in view of nearly every fan in the park while Ruth, red-necked with frustration, charged about the small patch of ground screaming, "Where's the -- -ing ball"?
And women were not expected to know that the pitcher was trying not to let the batter hit the ball.
Within Erikson's schema, the adolescent's delinquent behavior -- in this case, her unwed motherhood -- reflects her "identity diffusion", or her inability to resolve these various identity crises positively.
And, as shown in Chapter 6, some SNP females originally developed such trust only during their adolescence, through the aid of, and their identification with, alter-parents.
and it is better to be shamed and criticized by one's parents, who already consider one different and difficult to understand, than by one's peers, who are also experiencing a similar groping for and denial of adult status.
whether to stay financially dependent on her parents or help support herself while attending school;
These things both express and, at the same time, continue contributing to, their identity diffusion in an area that could have become a source of developing dignity and self-certainty.
In discussing the ways this crisis is germane to consderations for the prevention of illegitimacy, we shall again superimpose Erikson's concept on our data.
It is mirrored by the individual Willie Lohmans, whose ideas and behavior patterns are so dependent and relativistic that they always coincide with those of the individual or group present and most important at the moment.
In the final accounting, these would have augmented the bill for both sides.
He cited the elephantine dimensions of the Selden case record;
Parker, who agreed with much of this criticism, did not conceal his dissatisfaction with procedural defects.
The most important of these found him in agreement with Hough's plea for reform.
While patent suits are still among the most complex and expensive forms of litigation, these rules have saved litigants uncounted sums of money.
Many patent contests were waged over automobile components and accessories, among them tires, detachable rims, ball bearings, license brackets, and electric horns.
The highly important Dyer patents on the sliding gear transmission were held by the A.L.A.M. pool.
At this point Charles C. Hanch, long an advocate of patent peace in the industry, became chairman of the patents committee of the National Automobile Chamber of Commerce, successor to the Automobile Board of Trade.
It will be recalled that in his summation for the A.L.A.M. before Judge Hough, Fish had condemned patent litigation as the curse of the American industrial community.
If you look through the keyhole, you will see an artistically landscaped garden with the white dome of St. Peter's framed in a long avenue of cropped laurel trees.
By seeing such varied places, both interesting and beautiful, you will become aware of the many different civilizations Rome has lived through, and in particular, get a feel of Renaissance Rome.
Here is one of the loveliest fountains in Rome, the Fontana delle Tartarughe or "Fountain of the Tortoises".
Now turn left at the Via dell'Arco Del Monte to the Piazza Dei Pellegrini.
The sense of perspective has been created by designing the length of the columns so that those at the far end of the colonnade are much shorter than those in front.
Continue on the Via D. Baullari to the Corso Vittorio Emanuele, then turn right for a couple of hundred yards to the Church of Sant'Andrea Della Valle.
The eyes of the figure of the Nile are covered, perhaps either to symbolize the mystery of her source or to obscure from her sight the baroque facade of the Church of Sant'Agnese in Agone, the work of Bernini's rival, Borromini.
Walk by the side of the palazzo and after two blocks along the Via Giustiniani you will come to the Piazza Della Rotonda.
(Along the way there, about one hundred yards on your right, you pass a simple restaurant, La Sacrestia, where you can have the best pizza in Rome.
Otherwise, cross over the Corso and walk a block or so to the left.
)
And these days, of course, in terms increasingly vivid and jubilant, it speaks of the end of that domination.
What happened is that Negroes want to be treated like men.
They do not move to Chicago, they move to the South Side;
They seem to feel that because they fought on the right side during the Civil War, and won, they have earned the right merely to deplore what is going on in the South, without taking any responsibility for it;
The world has never lacked for horrifying examples;
None of this is true for the Northerner.
In the meantime, generations keep being born, bitterness is increased by incompetence, pride, and folly, and the world shrinks around us.
It was my first reaction upon hearing of Lumumba's death.
It is a view which even a minimal effort at observation would immediately contradict.
It is a notion which contains a gratuitous insult, implying, as it does, that Negroes can make no move unless they are manipulated.
the headsman swung his axe;
Of the two, Porter is justly the better known, for he went far beyond the vital finding of fiction for films to take the first step toward fashioning a language of film, toward making the motion picture the intricate, efficient time machine that it has remained since, even in the most inept hands.
The "projection" time of painting and sculpture is highly subjective, varying from person to person and even varying for a given person on different occasions.
The "moving" picture of the train or the wave coming at the audience is, to be sure, more intense than a still picture of the same subject, but the difference is really one of degree;
The reel itself became and still is the standard of measure for the movies.
If the change, at first sight, seems minor, we may recall that it took the Italian painters about two hundred years to make an analogous change, and the Italian painters, by universal consent, were the most brilliant group of geniuses any art has seen.
you are cutting.
The simple, naked idea of one man chasing another is of its nature better fitted for the film than it is for any other form of fiction.
But in general the European efforts to make an art of the entertainment had ignored the slowly emerging language of the film itself.
A congregation survives only if it can sustain a socially homogeneous membership;
With few exceptions, the major denominations are rapidly losing their hold on the central city.
They survive only when they can recruit social and economic peers.
There is much talk in theological circles about the "Church as Mission" and the "Church's Mission";
Evangelism and congregational outreach have not been carefully studied in the churches;
the mission of the church is actually a process of informal co-optation;
the outer life of congregations -- the suitability of the environment to their survival -- will be propitious so long as the people in the area are of the same social and economic level as the membership.
the schism between central city and suburb, Negro and White, blue collar and white collar can be viewed as symptomatic of this deeper polarization of trends in the metropolis.
Mission to the metropolis contradicts survival of the congregation in the residential community, because the middle classes are fighting metropolitan interdependence with residential exclusion.
Its contents are another matter, for they reveal the kinds of interests pursued by the congregation.
The lavish use of presents had been effective in expanding the Indian trade of New France and Louisiana in the previous century, and the change in liberality aroused resentment in the minds of the red men.
West of the Mobile district was the lower Mississippi district, of which New Orleans was headquarters.
Engages must be loyal to the concessionaires, and must serve until the term provided in the engagement was ended.
The Alabamas brought in annually 15,000 to 20,000 deerskins, and the Choctaws and Chickasaws brought the total up to 50,000 pelts.
In 1720 some Chickasaws massacred the French traders among them, and did not make peace for four years.
The insistence of Bienville upon giving liberal prices to the Indians, in order to drive back the Carolina traders, was probably a factor that led to his recall in 1724.
Perier's intrigues gained some successes.
But they brought back few pelts to pay their debts, and soon French trade in the region was at an end.
Thenceforth, the commerce of Louisiana was free to all Frenchmen.
He did find some to trust, however, and he employed the King's soldiers to trade.
Businessmen will rise if Congress attacks the Commerce Department.
Not only do these foreigners not vote for American congressmen;
State is expected to arrange the touring Cicero's foreign itinerary;
"The trouble," explained Loy Henderson, then Deputy Undersecretary for Administration, "is that when we get into an argument with him about this thing, it always turns out that Rooney knows more about our budget than we do".
An internal police operation managed by Scott McLeod, a former F.B.I. man installed as security officer upon congressional insistence, was part of the vengeance.
Their successors, absorbing the lesson, made it a point to have few ideas.
Into its chanceries each day pour reports from ministries around the earth and an endless stream of home-office instructions on how to handle Uncle Sam in an infinite variety of contingencies.
Where his predecessors had glowered, Menshikov smiled.
For a few giddy months that coincided with one of Moscow's smiling moods, he was the sensation of Washington.
"This is where I get my information from", he confided.
"Do you mean to tell us", a reporter asked, "that the King has twenty-one children, twenty-five of whom are sons"?
The next day I visited International Christian College which has developed since the war under the leadership of people who were interned and who know Japan well.
The following morning Mr. Morikawa called for me, and we went to visit schools -- kindergarten, middle-school, elementary school, and high school -- Mr. Yoshimoto's school.
I was told that it is quite likely that Japanese soldiers would not fight again -- for why should they?
I think I would have been much disappointed in Japan if I had not seen Kyoto, Nara, and Hiroshima.
We started at 9 a.m. to visit the Kyoto University where Mr. Washizu is attending.
Also, there are housed here some priceless historical treasures from 400 to 600 years old -- paintings, lacquer, brocade, etc.
Even though we had walked miles in Kyoto that day, we started out again to see Nara at night.
I know now why the students insisted that I go to Hiroshima even when I told them I didn't want to.
Everything was in an exciting turmoil -- full of anticipation and fun.
Here the women learn to keep house as maids;
University of Tokyo
Action located where the evil is concentrated will prove most decisive and is most clearly legitimate.
It is also sufficient to show the Christian and any other champion of justice that he needs to make sure not only that his cause is just but also that his conduct is just, i.e., that, if economic pressure has to be resorted to, this be applied directly against those persons directly in the way of some salutary change in business or institutional practices, while, if injury fall upon others, it fall upon them indirectly and secondarily (however inevitably) and not by deliberate intent and direct action against them.
He suddenly and unexpectedly loses the moral support which the usual violent resistance of most victims would render him";
Among Christian groups, the Mennonites have commonly been aware more than others of the fact that the nature of divine charity raises decisively the question of the Christian use of all forms of pressure.
The justification in Christian conscience of the use of any mode of resistance also lays down its limitation -- in the distinction between the persons against whom pressure is primarily directed, those upon whom it may be permitted also to fall, and those who may never be directly repressed for the sake even of achieving some great good.
Northern liberals are the chief supporters of civil rights and of integration.
Most of them are Democrats and nearly all consider themselves, and are viewed as, liberals.
The American liberal may, in the world of to-day, have a strong case;
Theirs is no mere lack of sympathy, but something closer to the passionate hatred that was directed against Fascism.
And social relations arising out of business ties impose courtesy, if not sympathy, toward resident and visiting Northerners.
Since the Supreme Court's decision of that year this is more doubtful;
Poor where they had once been rich, humbled where they had been arrogant, having no longer any hope of sharing in the leadership of the nation, the rebels who would not surrender in spirit drew comfort from the sympathy they felt extended to them by the mother country.
And therein, I feel, many Northerners delude themselves about the South.
The fact is due mainly to international wars, both hot and cold.
Whatever their faults, they are not hypocrites.
In the past, the duties of the state, as Sir Henry Maine noted long ago, were only two in number: internal order and external security.
That any sort of duty was owed by his nation to other nations would have astonished a nineteenth-century statesman.
The "positive state" came into existence.
Nevertheless, it may be helpful to cite one example -- that of employment -- for, as will be shown below, it cuts across both facets of the new concept.
A measure of its widespread acceptance may be derived from a statement of the International Congress of Jurists in 1959.
External national responsibility involves a burgeoning requirement that the leaders of the Western nations so guide their decisions as to further the viability of other friendly nations.
Almost febrile in intensity, the principle has become worldwide in application -- unfortunately at the very time that nationalist fervors can wreak greatest harm.
it becomes a perilous anachronism when adopted on a world-wide basis.
In fact, however, both principles have always been nebulous and loosely defined.
Can thermonuclear war be set off by accident?
Each could be the real thing.
Only one rule prevailed in my conversations with these men: The more highly placed they are -- that is, the more they know -- the more concerned they have become.
It is their job to think about the unthinkable.
to the Joint War Room of the Joint Chiefs of Staff in the Pentagon and to the President.
But what if somebody decides to break it?
Even he does not know the one signal for a nuclear strike -- the "go code".
They include the Navy's Atlantic Command at Norfolk, Virginia, which is in contact with the Polaris subs;
And Bill Wisman, forty-three, a farmer's son from Beallsville, Ohio, is a quiet but impressive man.
Wisman, below, would listen in and act.
The codes in the red box -- there are several of them covering various contingencies -- are contained in a sealed X-ray-proof "unique device".
They, too, have fragments of the go code with them.
Unless all gadgets are properly operated -- and the wires and seals from the handles removed first -- no damage can be done.
Watching, they waited until the squall thickened and began to move in a long drifting slant across the dry burning land.
It has nothing of the proud stride of the trained runner about it, it is not a lope, it is not done with style or verve.
He bent down, a black cranelike figure, and put his mouth to the ground.
But much of the land which the aborigine wanders looks as if it should be hospitable.
It might have rained, any time;
he knows that the land is hard and pitiless.
I persuaded an Australian friend who had lived "outback" for years to take me to see some aborigines living in the bush.
"Damned right", he said.
They were camped beside a large column-shaped boulder: a man, his lubra, and two children.
"I suppose because it saves them some loss of body water.
The ridges over his eyes were huge and his eyelids were half shut.
There was also a long wooden spear and a woomera, a spear-throwing device which gives the spear an enormous velocity and high accuracy.
One's impulse is to say that the smell was a stink and unpleasant.
"They swear that every person smells different and every family smells different from every other.
Travelers entering from the desert were confounded by what must have seemed an illusion: a great garden filled with nightingales and roses, cut by canals and terraced promenades, studded with water tanks of turquoise tile in which were reflected the glistening blue curves of a hundred domes.
Those who actually get there find that it isn't spooky at all but as brilliant as a tile in sunlight.
It takes place as well along the terraces and through the arcades of the Khaju bridge, and also in the gardens of the square.
A few months ago it was a fairly typical landlord who in the dead of night lugged me up a mountainside to drink from a spring famous in the neighborhood for its clarity and flavor.
Nowhere in Isfahan is this rich aesthetic life of the Persians shown so well as during the promenade at the Khaju bridge.
Here, in the old days -- when they had come to see the moon or displays of fireworks -- sat the king and his court while priests, soldiers, and other members of the party lounged in the smaller alcoves between.
The bridge itself rises up from the river, light-flared and enormous, like the outdoor set for an epic opera.
Here in an evening Persians enjoy many of the things which are important to them: poetry, water, the moon, a beautiful face.
In Persia, where practically speaking there are no museums or libraries or, for that matter, hardly any books, the twins run free.
In this true lover's tomb interred A world of love lies sepulchred.
As we began to converse in the lounge of his Fifth Avenue hotel, his restlessness and sensitivity to light and sound became immediately apparent.
When he was eight he began violin lessons.
Had he always wished to be a conductor?
At the outset of his career, Steinberg had dedicated himself to the advancement of contemporary music by vowing to do a Schonberg work every year.
Seven years later he was asked to become director of the Pittsburgh Symphony.
"Then I return to the United States for engagements at the Hollywood Bowl and in Philadelphia", he added.
He recalled that in California after a critic had attacked him for "still trying to sell Bruckner to the Americans", the public's response at the next concert was a standing ovation.
Again Steinberg was cautious and replied with a smile that he was not exposed to it enough to hazard comments.
Was the topic for a round-table discussion at the Bayerische Rundfunk in Munich.
One girl expressed what was obviously in their minds.
No one wanted a larger family or no children, and none hoped for a castle or said that living in less settled circumstances would be satisfactory.
They thought of themselves, to use Jefferson's words, as "the Argonauts" who had lived in "the Heroic Age".
On a military mission for his native Virginia the youthful George Washington touched off the French and Indian War, then guarded his colony's frontier as head of its militia.
Principal author of "The Federalist", he swung New York over from opposition to the Constitution to ratification almost single-handedly.
in others by business and professional acumen, as with Franklin and Adams, or, in Hamilton's case, by an influential marriage.
Franklin retired from editing and publishing at the age of 42, and for the next forty-two years devoted himself to public, scientific, and philanthropic interests.
Talleyrand passed his New York law office one night on the way to a party.
"As an independent American I considered all who were not for us, and you amongst the rest, as against us, yet be assured that John Jay never ceased to be the friend of Peter Van Schaack".
Historians have traditionally regarded the great debates of the Seventeen Nineties as polarizing the issues of centralized vs. limited government, with Hamilton and the nationalists supporting the former and Jefferson and Madison upholding the latter position.
Nostalgic Yankee readers of Erskine Caldwell are today informed by proud Georgians that Tobacco Road is buried beneath a four-lane super highway, over which travel each day suburbanite businessmen more concerned with the Dow-Jones average than with the cotton crop.
such a statement would be the rankest form of oversimplification.
As for progress, the "backward South" can boast of Baton Rouge, which increased its population between 1940 and 1950 by two hundred and sixty-two percent, to 126,000, the second largest growth of the period for all cities over 25,000.
Perhaps present writers hypnotically cling to the older order because they consider it useful and reliable through repeated testings over the decades.
Then came this decision, which sped the process of gaining equality (or perhaps hindered it;
Writers openly admit that the Negro is easier to write than the white man;
Perhaps these writers have been too deeply moved by this romanticizing;
Willard Thorp, in his new book, American Writing In The Twentieth Century, observes, quite validly it seems: "Certain subjects are conspicuously absent or have been only lightly touched.
Yet his concern even here is with a slowly changing socio-economic order in general, and he never deals with such specific aspects of this change as the urban and industrial impact.
For Mr. Taylor's Images And Reflections she made some diaphanous tents that alternately hide and reveal the performer, and a girl's cape lined with grass.
As the dancer is depersonalized, his accouterments are animized, and the combined elements give birth to a new being.
The test of form is fidelity to the experience, a gauge also accepted by the abstract expressionist painters.
But in this approach it is the artist's ultimate insight, rather than his immediate impressions, that gives form to the work.
Avant-garde choreographers, seeking new forms of continuity for their new vocabulary of movements, have turned to similar approaches.
The design is determined emotionally: "I must reach into myself for the spring that will send me catapulting recklessly into the chaos of event with which the dance confronts me".
If his dancers are sometimes made to look as if they might be creatures from Mars, this is consistent with his intention of placing them in the orbit of another world, a world in which they are freed of their pedestrian identities.
He rejects all subjectively motivated continuity, any line of action related to the concept of cause and effect.
A man and a girl happen to meet;
The other variables include the dancer who is to perform the movement and the length of time he is to take in its performance.
He must rearrange matters so that two performers do not bump into each other.
I think it is essential, however, to pinpoint here the difference between the two concepts of sovereignty that went to war in 1861 -- if only to see better how imperative is our need today to clarify completely our far worse confusion on this subject.
When the Know-nothings get control, it will read, All men are created equal except Negroes and foreigners and Catholics.
Many believe -- and understandably -- that the great difference between the Constitution of the Southern Confederacy and the Federal Constitution was that the former recognized the right of each state to secede.
Here are the two Preambles: Federal Constitution, 1789
After the war began, he long refused to permit emancipation of the slaves by Union action even in the Border States that stayed with the Union.
He understood that both sides were at fault, and he reached the height of saying so explicitly in his Second Inaugural.
There was also a lesson, one that has served ever since to keep Americans, in their conflicts with one another, from turning from the ballot to the bullet.
But it has been during the last two centuries, during the scientific revolution, that our independence from the physical environment has made the most rapid strides.
Consitutional government, popular vote, trial by jury, public education, labor unions, cooperatives, communes, socialized ownership, world courts, and the veto power in world councils are but a few examples.
Perhaps things were even worse then.
Often it is recognized that all the details of the pattern may not be essential to the outcome but, because the pattern was empirically determined and not developed through theoretical understanding, one is never quite certain which behavior elements are effective, and the whole pattern becomes ritualized.
A meteor could fall on San Francisco.
I think that we are here also talking of the kind of fear that a young boy has for a group of boys who are approaching at night along the streets of a large city.
We use terms from our personal experience with individuals such as "trust", "cheat", and "get tough".
Even in domains where detailed and predictive understanding is still lacking, but where some explanations are possible, as with lightning and weather and earthquakes, the appropriate kind of human action has been more adequately indicated.
In fact, the recent warnings about the use of X-rays have introduced fears and ambiguities of action which now require more detailed understanding, and thus in this instance, science has momentarily aggravated our fears.
They find deep pessimism in them.
That, I thought, is at least one thing I can find out when we meet.
The mouth frequently breaks into a disarming smile.
What appears here is shorter than what he actually said but very close to his own words.
One cannot speak anymore of being, one must speak only of the mess.
It is there and it must be allowed in".
The form and the chaos remain separate.
The Boulevard De La Madeleine, the Boulevard Malesherbes, and the Rue Royale ran to it with graceful flattery, bearing tidings of the Age of Reason.
Is this life-death question a part of the chaos?
As she goes, she herself will be illuminated.
Once I had a religious emotion.
Irish Catholicism is not attractive, but it is deeper.
Then he thought me more perverse than ever.
If there were only the mess, all would be clear;
Even Hemingway, for all his efforts to formulate a naturalistic morality in The Sun Also Rises and A Farewell To Arms never maintained that sex was all.
He has elevated sex -- not Eros or libido but pure, spontaneous, uninhibited sex -- to the rank of the godhead;
They withdraw to the underground of the slums where they can defy the precepts of legalized propriety.
Thus, paradoxically, the beat writers resort to "religious" metaphors: they are in search of mana, the spiritual, the numinous, but not anything connected with formal religion.
Jazz, like sex, is a mystique.
they will destroy the shrines, temples, museums, and churches of the state that is the implacable enemy of the life they believe in.
When they express themselves it is incandescent hatred that shines forth, the rage of repudiation, the ecstasy of negation.
This confession serves to make clear in part what is behind this sexual revolution: the craving for sensation for its own sake, the need for change, for new experiences.
They embrace independent poverty, usually with a "shack-up" partner who will help support them.
No one asks questions about the free union of the sexes in West Venice so long as the partners share the negative attitudes of the group.
If he thus achieves a lyrical, dreamlike, drugged intensity, he pays the price for his indulgence by producing work -- Allen Ginsberg's "Howl" is a striking example of this tendency -- that is disoriented, Dionysian but without depth and without Apollonian control.
they were topped by steeples complete in every detail: high-pitched roof, pinnacle, and narrow gable.
That was one epoch: the apple-tree epoch.
but true memory does not count nor add: it holds fast to things that were and they are outside of time.
she filled the waste spots of the yard with common things like the garden heliotrope in a corner by the woodshed, and the plantain lilies along the west side of the house.
and the little, dark blue larkspur that scattered its seed everywhere.
And the cast shell of a locust, straw-colored and transparent, weighing nothing, fragile but entire, with eyes like bubbles and a gaping slit down its back.
our elders stayed in the dark house or sat fanning on the front porch.
The horse walked, the reins were slack, the huckster rode with bowed shoulders, his forearms across his knees.
he tossed a paper toward every front door, and housewives came down to their steps to pick them up and read what their neighbors had been doing.
Cows were kept in backyard barns, boys were hired to drive them to and from the pasture on the edge of town, and familiar to the ear, morning and evening, were the boys'coaxing voices, the thud of hooves, and the thwack of a stick on cowhide.
And this occurs now, at the refrain of Jacoby's song -- at the point, in fact, of the name "Lizzy" --;
the epiphany of that quivering flesh;
it is particularly the artist (Tonio Kroger, Aschenbach, Leverkuhn) who suffers from it.
In a certain perfectly definite way, the method and the theme of his stories are one and the same.
As the first sentence suggests, both roads belong to death in the end.
Piepsam tries to stop him by force, receives a push in the chest from "Life", and is left standing in impotent and growing rage, while a crowd begins to gather.
another wagon has no dog, and therefore is "devoid of interest".
Piepsam is grotesque, a disturbing parody;
Hieronymus, like Piepsam, makes his protest quite in vain, and his rejection, though not fatal, is ridiculous and humiliating;
All such imitations of negative quality have given rise to a compensatory response in the form of a heroic and highly individualistic humanism: if man can neither know nor love reality as it is, he can at least invent an artistic "reality" which is its own world and which can speak to man of purely personal and subjective qualities capable of being known and worthy of being loved.
The mimetic imagination in the arts
The central concern of Erich Auerbach's impressive volume called Mimesis is to describe the shift from a classic theory of imitation (based upon a recognition of levels of truth) to a Christian theory of imitation in which the levels are dissolved.
Mimesis is the nearest possible thing to the actual re-living of experience, in which the imagining person recovers through images something of the force and depth characteristic of experience itself.
When words can be used in a more fresh and primitive way so that they strike with the force of sights and sounds, when tones of sound and colors of paint and the carven shape all strike the sensibilities with an undeniable force of data in and of themselves, compelling the observer into an attitude of attention, all this imitates the way experience itself in its deepest character strikes upon the door of consciousness and clamors for entrance.
These desires presuppose a sense of causally efficacious powers in which one is involved, some working for one's good, others threatening ill.
What Hume calls "sensation" is what Whitehead calls "perception in the mode of presentational immediacy" which is a sophisticated abstraction from perception in the mode of causal efficacy.
It really looked as if a change of the sort predicted by Booker T. Washington had been going on.
The expression has become quite a cliche.
Mr. Justice Taney's Dred Scott decision in 1857 was unpopular in the North, and soon became a dead letter.
Who will say that our country is even now a homogeneous community?
The trouble here is that it's almost too easy to take the high moral ground when it doesn't cost you anything.
I'm talking about the grand manner of the Liberal -- North and South -- who is not affected personally.
Whether historically a fact or not, the legend has a certain symbolic value.
It is a question which New Englanders long ago put out of their minds.
Like Pilate, they had washed their hands.
It was nice to be able to isolate it.
The state universities of Maine, New Hampshire, And Vermont are older and more "respectable";
Equally a master of prose and verse, he recreates the glory of Sweden in the past and continues it into the present.
Deciding to become a painter, he entered the studio of Gerome in Paris, where he enjoyed the life of the artists, but soon found that whatever talent he might have did not lie in that direction.
Professor Fredrik Book, Sweden's foremost critic of the period, acclaims it as follows: "In this we have the verse of a painter;
On the eve of his return to their native Naxos he speaks with his wife of the masterpiece which rises before them in its completed perfection.
He is utterly disappointed in himself and in the desultory life he has been leading.
He did not, however, settle back into acquiescence with things as they were.
Hence the title of the book, referring to the soldiers and subjects of the king;
Of few authors is this more true than of Heidenstam.
Like Napoleon, he was the worst of losers.
From being a hated tyrant and madman he was now the symbol of all that was noblest and best in the history of Sweden.
These are suggestive of Selma Lagerlof.
For this reason, he appears as an independent and self-reliant figure, whose rugged individualism need not be pressed into the mold of a 9 to 5 routine.
At the same time, because the personal code of the detective coincides with the legal dictates of his society, because he likes to catch criminals, he is in middle class eyes a virtuous man.
Sherlock Holmes, the ancestor of all private eyes, was born during the 1890s.
As capitalism in the 20th century has become increasingly dependent upon force and violence for its survival, the private detective is placed in a serious dilemma.
he is a recluse, an incredible egotist, a confirmed misogynist.
They for their part are convinced that Holmes is too "unorthodox" and "theoretical" to make a good detective.
Just as Holmes the eccentric stands behind Holmes the detective, so Holmes the potential criminal lurks behind both.
But unlike Holmes, he feels his society to be not merely dull but also corrupt.
In the end, he gets his man, but no one seems to care;
In either case, they do not appreciate the private detective's zeal.
By upholding his own personal code of behavior, the private detective has placed himself in opposition to a society whose fabric is permeated with crime and corruption.
For Hammer, nothing is forbidden.
However, for convenience we will stick to the idea that information can be classified according to Table 1.
All four types of message listed in Table 1 are permitted, although decorum and cocktail tradition require holding the commands to a minimum, while exclamations having complimentary intonations are more than customarily encouraged.
Information beyond nearest neighbor is carried second-, third-, and fourth-hand as a distortable rumor.
The networks for military communications are one of the best examples of networks which not only must be changed with the changes in objectives but also must be changed with the addition of new machines of war.
Commands go only from an officer to the man of nearest lower rank.
Years ago this was true, but with the replacement of wires or runners by radio and radar (and perhaps television), these restrictions have disappeared and now again too much is heard.
These assumptions lead to an organization with one man at the top, six directly under him, six under each of these, and so on until there are six levels of personnel.
A team for useful research.
American democratic thought, pointed up the relation between the Protestant movement in this country and the development of a social religion, which he called the American Democratic Faith.
But in every period it has been humanism".
The socialism implicit in the slogan of the Roosevelt Revolution, freedom from want and fear, seems a far cry from the individualism of the First Amendment to the Constitution, or of the Jacksonian frontier.
This notion of the General Will gave rise to the Commune of Paris in the Revolution and later brought Napoleon to dictatorship.
During the next five years liberal leaders in the United States sank in the cumulative confusion attendant upon and manifested in a negative policy of Containment -- and the bitterest irony -- enforced and enforceable only by threat of a weapon that we felt the greatest distaste for but could not abandon: the atom bomb.
It has moved on various levels, it has been clamorous and confused.
But before I try to diagnose it, I would offer other evidence.
Only Walter Lippman envisioned the possibility of our having "outlived most of what we used to regard as the program of our national purposes".
I will reserve discussion of it for a moment, however, to return to President Kennedy.
Here there may be an analogy with cancer: we can detect cancers by their rapidly accelerating growth, determinable only when related to the more normal rate of healthy growth.
Otherwise, we go on endlessly trying to draw the line, color and other, as to which kind of man we wish to see dominate.
Asked which institution most needs correction, I would say the corporation as it exists in America today.
In his stead is a milquetoast version known as "the corporation".
But let us not complain of the evils of capitalism by referring to a form that is not truly capitalistic.
The corporation has a limited, specific place in our society.
Corporations react violently to short-range stimuli, e.g., quarterly and annual dividend reports.
Corporations should pay added taxes, to be used for educational purposes (not necessarily of the formal type).
Individual human strength is needed to pit against an inhuman condition.
From an initial investment of $1,200 in 1943, it has grown, with no additional capital investment, to a present value estimated by some as exceeding $10,000,000 (we don't disclose financial figures to the public).
This hysteria reached its height under the leadership of Senator Joseph McCarthy.
So all-important are ideas, we are told, that persons successful in business and happy in social life usually fall into two classes: those who invent new ideas of their own, and those who borrow, beg, or steal from others.
Despite the clarity of his presentation, his idea was not of Einsteinian calibre.
But was he infallible in all things?
The Jew was the safest victim.
There is no justification for such misrepresentation.
he is out of place in our times.
The Leopard's Spots came from the pen of Thomas Dixon in 1902, and in this he announced an "unchangeable" law.
False ideas surfeit another sector of our life.
Most assuredly ideas are invaluable.
Man, we are told, is endowed with reason and is capable of distinguishing good from bad.
Debate in the political arena can be productive of good.
The President's personality would have opened that office to him.
Any attempt to reconcile this statement of the central issue in the campaign of 1956 with the nature of the man who could not conceive it as the central issue will at least resolve our confusions about the chaotic and misleading results of the earnestness of both doctors and President in a situation which should never have arisen.
The Presidency demands an incisive awareness of the larger implications of the death of any incumbent.
"The Moral Creed" and "The Will To Risk" live happily together, if we do not examine where the line is to be drawn.
Moving as he is into the phase of the campaign which demands conviction of him, he adopts a position that is morally indefensible.
And in the context of drifting personal utterances we have examined, there was occasional evidence of the origin of all such evasions.
Only by means of an intensive preoccupation with the detailed considerations following from any decision can he ensure attention to the practical details to be dealt with if the implications of immorality in the major decision are effectively to be checked.
Only recently, and perhaps because a television debate can so effectively dramatize President Kennedy's extraordinary mastery of detail, have the abilities on which the capacity for making distinctions depend begun to be clearly discernible at the level of politics.
On the most primitive level.
Thus in both types attention is focused on the community itself, and its phenomenological life.
When disruptive change has penetrated to the third level of social order, the process of disruption rapidly reaches a point of no return.
Civilization itself -- tradition -- falls out of existence when the human spirit itself becomes confused.
Thus human perception and human volition is the immanent cause of all social change and this most truly when the change reaches the civilizational level.
And when we consider the tenuous hold tradition has on existence, any weakening of that hold constitutes a crisis of existence.
To experience them, it is not necessary for a people to be actively aware of what is happening to it.
The response of reaction is dominated by a concern for what is vanishing.
Since a civilizational crisis involves also a crisis in private interests and in the ruling class, reaction is normally found among those who feel themselves to be among the ruling class.
In both cases the individual tends to be treated as an instrument of the organic reality.
If we remove ourselves for a moment from our time and our infatuation with mental disease, isn't there something absurd about a hero in a novel who is defeated by his infantile neurosis?
I am suggesting that a case-history approach to the Oedipus complex is a blind alley for a storyteller.
There are ghostly scenes in which the little boy on his rocking horse rocks madly toward the climax that will magically give him the name of the winning horse.
The rocking, I realized, is the single element in the story that carries the erotic message, the unspoken and unconscious undercurrent that would mar the innocence of a child's fantasy and disturb the effects of the work if it were made explicit.
And when the child dies in Lawrence's story in a delirium that is somehow brought on by his mania to win and to make his mother rich, the manifest absurdity of such a disease and such a death does not enter into our thoughts at all.
He borrows the insights of psychology to improve his impaired vision but cannot bring to his work the distinctive vision that should be a novelist's own.
the oracle speaks false and the dream speaks true.
Grigorss is the child of an incestuous union between a royal brother and sister, the twins Sibylla and Wiligis.
Grigorss comes to Rome and becomes a great and beloved Pope.
As Helion's work showed more and more nostalgia for the world of man and nature, the pure abstractionists expressed some disapproval;
Later Helion wrote of this phase: "For years I built for myself a subtle instrument of relationships -- colors and forms without a name.
"We were possessed by visions of a new civilization to come, very pure and elevated", he has said, "in fact some ideal form of socialism such as we had dreamed of since the war of 1914-1918".
"Fear possessed me, and the certainty of war", he has related.
"I hated the war", he said, "but thought I ought to go because I was, perhaps, one of those who hadn't done enough to prevent it".
At Stettin the university-educated artist, who had studied German, was chosen to serve as interpreter and clerk in the office of the Stalag commander.
Four hands were stretched toward me by my comrades behind me.
He wrote: "
Now all his desires centered on "rediscovering and singing of the prosaic and yet beautiful world of men and objects so long barred from me by a barbed wire fence".
Between 1944 and 1947 Helion had a series of one-man shows -- at the Paul Rosenberg Gallery in New York and in Paris -- of his new realistic pictures.
If he sees the heroic in a Sartoris or a Sutpen, he sees also -- and he shows -- the blind and the mean, and he sees the Compson family disintegrating from within.
He has employed from his section rich immediate materials which in a loose sense can be termed Southern.
His denials of extensive reading notwithstanding, it is no doubt safe to assume that he has spent time schooling himself in Southern history and that he has gained some acquaintance with the chief literary authors who have lived in the South or have written about the South.
The thoroughgoing idealization of the planter society did not come, however, until after the Civil War when Southern writers were eager to defend a way of life which had been destroyed.
They have an ancestry extending back, however, at least to 1728, when William Byrd described the Lubberlanders he encountered in the back country of Virginia and North Carolina.
It would be profitable, I believe, to read these realistic humorists alongside Faulkner's works, the thought being not that he necessarily read them and owed anything to them directly, but rather that they dealt a hundred years ago with a class of people and a type of life which have continued down to our time, to Faulkner's time.
As a Humanist, Dr. Huxley interests himself in the possibilities of human development, and one thing we can say about this suggestion, which comes from a leading zoologist, is that, so far as he is concerned, the scientific outlook places no rigid limitation upon the idea of future human evolution.
Each man, that is, is both one and many.
The pamphlets are about law, the corporation, forms of government, the idea of freedom, the defense of liberty, the various lethargies which overtake our major institutions, the gap between traditional social ideals and the working mechanisms that have been set in motion for their realization.
He begins: "
Only the strong look squarely at weakness.
The interesting thing about Mr. Lyford's approach, and the approach of the contributors to The Agreeable Autocracies (Oceana Publications, 1961) to the situation of American civilization, is that it is concerned with comprehending the psychological relationships which are having a decisive effect on American life.
The men who speculate on these institutions have, for the most part, come to at least one common conclusion: that many of the great enterprises and associations around which our democracy is formed are in themselves autocratic in nature, and possessed of power which can be used to frustrate the citizen who is trying to assert his individuality in the modern world".
How would Thomas Jefferson feel after reading Factories In The Field?
The reasons for this are partly observational, partly philosophical, and reinforced by other aesthetic and cultural factors.
approaching shore their masts appeared first.
Additional philosophical considerations, advanced notably by Aristotle, supported further the circularity principle.
Thus, circular motion is itself one of the essential characteristics of completely perfect celestial existence.
A projectile shot up from earth returns rectlinearly to its'natural'place of rest.
They all have this in common: the earth is situated near the center of the deferent.
This is what necessitates the nonsystematic character of his astronomy.
Some even say that this is the reason for the ultimate acceptance of the former.
Calculations within the Copernican framework always raised questions about planetary configurations.
The Axioms required to make the theoretical machinery operate are set out tersely and powerfully, so that all permissible operations within the theory can be traced rigorously back to these axioms, rules, and primitive notions.
It provides exactly the same reason.
This arrangement was for Copernicus literally monstrous: "With (the Ptolemaists) it is as though an artist were to gather the hands, feet, head and other members for his images from divers models, each part excellently drawn, but not related to a single body;
Into the texture of this tapestry of history and human drama Henrietta, as every artist delights to do, wove strands of her own intuitive insights into human nature and -- especially in the remarkable story of the attraction and conflict between two so disparate and fervent characters as this pair -- into the relations of men and women: "In their relations, she was the giver and he the receiver, nay the demander.
the moral powers no more than the physical and mental, can bear overstraining.
In September'76 Thomas Huxley, Darwin's famous disciple, came from England to speak in a crowded auditorium at the formal opening of the University;
Besides, Miss Henrietta -- as she was generally known since she had put up her hair with a chignon in the back -- had little time to spare them from her teaching and writing;
1880s: "little women"
Each was her mother's assistant and confidante;
and she recited "Hector's Farewell To Andromache" most movingly, to the special delight of Rabbi Jastrow at his home in Germantown near Philadelphia, where the Szold girls took turns visiting between the visits of the Jastrow boys at the Szolds'in Baltimore.
This time he was making no mistake.
The distracted Miriam would agree to a settlement through her legal representative, then change her mind and make another attack on Wright as a person.
and during the unhappy time, Miriam often would charge that Wright and Olgivanna were misdemeanants against the public order of Wisconsin.
Miriam now ordered Pengally to break down the gate, but he said he really couldn't go that far.
In the silence that followed, Miriam walked close to Mrs. Cupply, who drew back a step on her side of the gate.
First, Wright said, he was choked by the smoke, which fortunately kept him from seeing the dreadful town.
You don't need concentration.
Wright set his loss at $200,000, a figure perhaps justified by the unique character of the house that had been ruined, and the faultless taste that had gone into the selection of the prints and other things that were destroyed.
Billy Koch, who had once worked for Wright as a chauffeur, gave a deposition for Miriam's use that he had seen Olgivanna living at Taliesin.
Miriam said that she must be assured that "that other woman, Olga, will not be in luxury while I am scraping along".
In a few weeks Miriam made another sortie at Taliesin, but was repulsed at the locked and guarded gates.
The flame was simply of a different kind.
One could see this chemical determinant as in itself a miracle.
and according to them, whatever one fancies one feels, what one feels in fact is the opposite.
I fled, however, not from what might have been the natural fear of being unable to disguise from you that the things about my bridegroom -- in the sense you meant the word "things" -- which you had been galvanizing yourself to tell me as a painful part of your maternal duty were things which I had already insisted upon finding out for myself (despite, I may now say, the unspeakable awkwardness of making the discovery on principle, yes, on principle, and in cold blood) because I was resolved, as a modern woman, not to be a mollycoddle waiting for Life but to seize Life by the throat.
But the time came when I was no longer innocent and therefore no longer helpless.
But I insist upon believing that even when it is lost, it may, like paradise, be regained.
You had grown up at a time when the most distinguishing mark of a lady was the noli me tangere writ plain across her face.
He rummaged, found composers and arrangers, collaborated on the main design and outline of harmonization with musicians, ballad singers, and musicologists.
He has his own system of shorthand, devised by abbreviations: "humility" will be "humly", "with" will be "w", and "that" will be "tt".
There has long existed a brotherly affection between us, thus I accepted him as my pupil.
"A portable companion always ready to go where you go -- a small friend weighing less than a freshborn infant -- to be shared with few or many -- just two of you in sweet meditation".
'Kalamazoo guitars', he said,'used by radio hillbilly singers.
Carl thought the question over slowly and answered: "I know a starving man who is fed never remembers all the pangs of his starvation, I know that".
The impression you get from Carl Sandburg's home is one of laughter and happiness;
The only way to describe Paula Sandburg is to say she is beautiful in a Grecian sense.
But neither was Lilian her baptismal name.
But her father was not enthusiastic about sending young Paula to high school.
She passed the entrance examinations to the University of Illinois, but during the year at Urbana felt more important events transpired at the University of Chicago.
She left the next day for her teaching job at Princeton, Illinois.
by the same token, we reject any Soviet attempt to impose its system on us or other peoples by force or subversion.
The international economy of 1960 is markedly different from that of the early postwar years.
the intellectual honesty and capacity to recognize the true path of her own best interests.
New Nations, and others struggling with the problems of development, will progress only -- regardless of any outside help -- if they demonstrate faith in their own destiny and use their own resources to fulfill it.
Other countries, some of which I visited last month, have similar needs.
As a nation we can successfully pursue these objectives only from a position of broadly based strength.
Incidentally, there was an Atlas firing last night.
This is necessary for a sounder collective defense system.
satellite relay stations to facilitate and extend communications over the globe;
Today our surging strength is apparent to everyone.
It heard Bang-Jensen twice and his lawyer, Adolf A. Berle, Jr., once.
The method of destroying the evidence embarrassed Paul Bang-Jensen.
I had known him for some years, when I was a delegate and before, and this manner had never been his".
Marshall sat in one of the several leather chairs.
"What did you think about his mental state"?
"For instance, regarding the fact that the Gross Committee issued two interim announcements to the press during its investigation.
You can find it in the papers".
"How about your press conference three days later -- what was the reason for that?
Of course the matter caught the public's attention.
Could you comment on that"?
One was an article on the U.N. by Alice Widener from the Cincinnati Enquirer.
'I've found errors and I want you to look them over.
It was a good report, he did all he could to make it a good report.
It said in part:
The only rules which I think we shall follow will be those of common sense, justice, and fairness".
At last they concluded that the heavy, full feeling in their stomachs was due to lack of exercise.
The crew of the Caravan never failed to amaze Ann, who during her stay in Salem must frequently have overheard strong sailorly language.
When May came the Caravan had already crossed the Equator.
There was one particular word that troubled his conscience.
Baptists and Congregationalists in New England were on friendly terms.
Land was near, and on June 12, one hundred and fourteen days after leaving America, they actually saw, twenty miles away, the coast of Orissa.
He swore so loudly at the top of his voice, that she didn't get any sleep all the next night.
The grass and fields of rice are perfectly green, and herds of cattle are everywhere feeding on the banks of the river, and the natives are scattered about differently employed.
Founded August 24, 1690 by Job Charnock of the East India Company, and commonly called "The City of Palaces", it seemed a vast and elegant place to Ann Hasseltine Judson.
On the way they tried to discover all they could about Burma, and they were disturbed to find that Michael Symes's book had not presented an altogether true picture.
Cruel Burmese governors could, on the slightest whim, take a man's life.
As for the author of the Englishman, Mrs. Manley sarcastically deplores that the sole defense of the Protestant cause should be left to "Ridpath, Dick Steele, and their Associates, with the Apostles of Young Man's Coffee-House".
In the early months of 1714, the battle between Swift and Steele over the issue of the Succession entered its major phase.
To this end, the first and longest section of the tract cites all the laws enacted since the Revolution to defend England against the "Arbitrary Power of a Popish Prince".
For example, No. 56 printed the patent giving the Electoral Prince the title of Duke of Cambridge.
Steele's purpose is to present a general defense of his political writing and a resume of the themes which had occupied him in the Englishman;
Steele first answers briefly the charges which his "dear old Friend" has made about his pamphlet on Dunkirk and his Crisis.
The last point was soon to be included in the "seditious" remarks used against him in Parliament.
It is filled with the usual personal abuse of Steele, especially of his physical appearance;
Johnny Mercer practically grew up with the sound of jazz and the blues in his ears.
The mother inquired, "Where's Johnny, and why did you leave him"?
Such speech differences made him acutely aware of the richness and expressivness of language.
He died before he could completely pay off his debts.
"The place had no sink or washbasin, only a bathtub", his mother discovered when she visited him.
This 1930 edition also had songs in it by Vernon Duke and Ira Gershwin, by E. Y. Harburg and Duke, and by Harry Myers.
The countrywide success of "Lazybones" and "And The Angels Sing" could only lead to Hollywood, where, besides Harold Arlen, Mercer collaborated with Harry Warren, Jimmy Van Heusen, Richard Whiting, Walter Donaldson, Jerome Kern, and Arthur Schwartz.
There were times that he worked with both lyricists simultaneously.
He is probably our most original composer;
The Negro composer Hall Johnson studied the American-Negro Suite and said of it, "Of all the many songs written by white composers and employing what claims to be a Negroid idiom in both words and music, these six songs by Harold Arlen and Ted Koehler easily stand far out above the rest.
He was ghost writer for Babe Ruth, whose main talent for literary composition was the signing of his autograph.
He waited a long time.
I was in charge of the arrangements -- which were soon enough disarranged.
He had a purring voice and poker player's immobility of features which somehow conveyed the feeling that he knew where all the bodies were buried.
Arthur "Bugs" Baer wrote to me just recently, "Vic wanted to die in harness, with his head towards the wagon.
He said that his information was so secret that he would not be able to confide in me the origin of his pipeline tip.
Most of my stories were obtained by simply seeking out the person who could give me the facts, and not as a rule by playing clever tricks.
"Where to, sir"?
Then he wrinkled his huge brow and went slowly out of the room.
That word was withheld when the need of it seemed the measure of his despair.
I remember one day when Mr. Hearst (and I never knew why he liked me, either) sent the Hetman a telegram: "Please find some more reporters like that young man from Denver".
I cannot remember Dr. Gregory's reply, if, indeed, he made one.
Dresses were short in the days of Mrs. Coolidge, and Spanish shawls were thrown over them.
An accompanying sympathetic letter explained that inside the envelope was a name for Mrs. Coolidge's first granddaughter.
To get him to pose, Mrs. Coolidge would feed him candy, so he enjoyed the portrait sessions as well as she did.
The last two were a red and a black chow.
Rob Roy was self-appointed to accompany the President to his office every morning.
Mrs. Coolidge chose Mama in her place.
So the President would make a hearty breakfast official by inviting Government officials to attend.
She was not an overnight guest in the White House, but Mr. Ike Hoover, the chief usher, had Mama check her fur coat when she came in, and take care of her needs.
He was in and out of Mount Alto Hospital for veterans any number of times.
It was her job to stand at the foot of the stairs, and, just as the First Lady stepped off the last tread, Mama would straighten out her long train before she marched to the Blue Room to greet her guests with the President.
Impressive as this enumeration is, it barely hints at the diverse perceptions of Jews, collectively or individually, that have been attested by their Gentile environment.
But the two do not invariably or even typically coincide.
if so, he would not be the first or last commanding officer who has succumbed to bad information and dubious estimates of the future.
they include harmonies and conflicts within the whole man, and mechanisms whereby inner components are more or less smoothly met.
I am deliberately raising the policy problems involved in Gentile-Jewish relations.
My reply is that I associate myself with all those who affirm that Gentile-Jewish relations should contribute to the theory and practice of human dignity.
Many public and private controversies will undoubtedly continue to reflect these confusions in the mind and usage of Gentile and Jew.
for instance, imagine the situation if Israel ever joins an enemy coalition.
the process can be accelerated.
The traditional method proceeds by the technique of free association, punctuated by interpretations proposed by the psychoanalytic interviewer.
Two facets of this aspect of the literary process have special significance for our time.
And find in the answer a license to be a variant of the human species.
It forms the core of many, perhaps most, problems of psychotherapy.
Feeling useless seems generally to be an unpleasant sensation.
This is given some expression in Beardsley's notion of harmony and the resolution of indecision.
The study of literature contributes to this control in a curious way.
It is at least possible that the capacity to postpone gratification is developed as well as expressed in a continuous and guided exposure to great literature.
Along these lines, the particular point that sensitivity in literature leads to sensitivity in human relations would require more proof than I have seen.
We are all, though many of us are snobbish enough to wish to deny it, in far closer sympathy with the art of the music-hall and picture-palace than with Chaucer and Cimabue, or even Shakespeare and Titian.
The continuities, contrasts, and similarities discernible when past and present are surveyed together are inexhaustible and the one is often understood through the other.
The term idea refers to our more reflective or thoughtful consciousness as opposed to the immediacies of sensuous or emotional experience.
On the other hand, Arnold's "The unplumbed, salt, estranging sea", taken in its context, certainly does so.
Again, Henley's attitude of defiance which colors his ideal of self-mastery is far from characteristic of a Stoic thinker like Marcus Aurelius, whose gentle acquiescence is almost Christian, comparable to the patience expressed in Milton's sonnet on his own blindness.
The knowledge in virtue of which a man is an historian is a knowledge of what the evidence at his disposal proves about certain events".
Perhaps the most powerful and most frequently recurring literary influence on the Western world has been that of the Old and New Testament.
We must avoid the notion, suggested to some people by examples such as those just mentioned, that ideas are "units" in some way comparable to coins or counters that can be passed intact from one group of people to another or even, for that matter, from one individual to another.
"Mr. Hearst", Lane replied as he left, "if you ever get a telegram from me asking you to do anything, you can put the telegram down as a forgery".
"He has not acted in any way, and won't let anyone take it away from him.
He was the House pariah.
There was talk of dragging old ex-President Cleveland out of retirement for another try.
"The argument that is cutting most ice is that Hearst is the only candidate who is fighting the trusts fearlessly and who would use all the powers of government to disrupt them if he were elected.
It caused Henry Watterson to sound a blast in his Louisville Courier-Journal:
If he's going to the St. Louis convention as a delegate we ought to know it.
In his fight for the Illinois and Indiana delegations, Hearst made several trips to Chicago to confer with Andrew Lawrence, the former San Francisco Examiner man who was now his Chicago kingpin, and once to meet with Bryan.
2.
This was historic in its way, for it marked the first time an American Presidential aspirant had advertised his own virtues in his own string of newspapers spanning the land.
Trevelyan contributed considerable new knowledge of the issues connected with his subject.
If it is not one of his best books, it can only be considered unsatisfactory when compared with his own Garibaldi.
The biography of Lord Grey is strictly speaking not a biography at all.
Research in the period of Grey and Bright led naturally to a more ambitious work.
Yet Britain In The Nineteenth Century became the vade mecum of beginning students of history, went through edition after edition, and continues to be reprinted up to the very present.
But as a stimulating, provocative interpretation of the broad sweep of English development it is incomparable.
His academic duties had little evident effect on his prolific pen.
He tends to underestimate -- or perhaps to view charitably -- the brutality and the violence of the age, so that there is an idyllic quality in these pages which hazes over some of its sharp reality.
After making a short statement about human rights, and the freedom to travel, I told them I would be going to the Kehl bridge the next morning in order to cross the Rhine into Germany.
That evening, as I learned later, the students, enjoying that spontaneous immodesty in action known only to university students, surged out onto the streets of Strasbourg, overturning empty streetcars, marking up store fronts, and shouting imprudently, "Garry Davis to power"!
Your self-control in this respect will be the only witness to your understanding of what I am saying.
"No, I have no permission to enter Germany", I told him.
Line?
Obviously I'm stuck on the line between the two countries".
From the crowd were coming cries of "He's right"!
"I don't know", I told him, "except that I will be here".
When I informed her that I didn't, she said she would borrow her brother's and bring it to me later that evening.
Sure enough, mail began trickling in, delivered by a talkative, highly amused French postman who informed me there had been quite a debate at the post office as to whether that address would be recognized.
No matter how large the fire, I couldn't seem to shake off the chill that day.
On the evening of December 27th, Esther noticed my pallid look and rasping voice.
Esther looked at me.
There is a police car outside.
Seven battle flags and fourteen officers'swords were sent to Thomas'headquarters.
Slocum made his reconnaissanace the next morning, found the town empty, accepted the surrender of the mayor and occupied the city a little before noon.
Sherman laid great store by place captures.
In the midst of this gloom, at 10:05 P.M. on September 2, Slocum's telegram to Stanton, "General Sherman has taken Atlanta", shattered the talk of a negotiated peace and boosted Lincoln into the White House.
But, so far as its territorial objectives were concerned, the campaign was successful.
The use of map coordinates was begun when the senior officers began to select tactical points by designating a spot as "near the letter o in the word mountain".
One of Sherman's most serious shortcomings, however, was his mistrust of his cavalry.
Well led, properly organized cavalry, in its complementary role to infantry, had four functions.
When McPherson pushed blindly through Snake Creek Gap in a potentially decisive movement, the only cavalry in his van was the Ninth Illinois Mounted Infantry, totally inadequate for its role.
Lieutenant Colonel James P. Brownlow, who commanded the First Brigade of Thomas'First Cavalry Division, was ordered across one of these fords.
Luckily both women knew my position and if anyone suffered in their opinion it was not I".
She ended her letter with the assurance that she considered his friendship for her daughter and herself to be an honor, from which she could not part "without still more pain".
It is difficult to say what Thompson expected would come of their relationship, which had begun so soon after his emotions had been stirred by Maggie Brien, but when Katie wrote on April 11, 1900, to tell him that she was to be married to the Rev. Godfrey Burr, the vicar of Rushall in Staffordshire, the news evidently helped to deepen his discouragement over the failure of his hopes for a new volume of verse.
and now!
If otherwise, you will give me a pleasure.
The somewhat Petrarchan love story which these poems suggest cannot obscure the fact that undoubtedly they have more than a little of autobiographical sincerity.
Whether or not Danchin is correct in suggesting that Thompson's resumption of the opium habit also dates from this period is, of course, a matter of conjecture.
On the basis of this careful reading, Thompson frequently gave a clear, complete, and interesting description of a prose work or chose effective quotations to illustrate his discussions of poetry.
As he had done on his first Imperial sortie a year and a half before, Lewis trekked southeast through Red Russia to Kamieniec.
along the Danube and among the Carpathians, in alliance with the Emperor Joseph's armies;
There was the Neapolitan, Ribas, a capable conniver whose father had been a blacksmith but who had fawned his way up the ladder of Catherine's and Potemkin's favor till he was now a brigadier (and would one day be the daggerman designated to do in Czar Paul 1, after traveling all the way to Naples to procure just the right stiletto).
From America were the Messrs. Littlepage and Jones.
Filigreed perfume boxes exuded the aromas of Araby.
But if The Prince fancied women and was fascinated by foreigners, he could be haughtiness personified to his subordinates.
His gray hair was thin, his face beginning to attract a swarm of wrinkles.
Woe betide the interviewee if he answered vaguely.
Passing dogs were greeted with a cordial bark.
To Serenissimus such tribes as the Cossacks of the Don or those ex-bandits the Zaporogian Cossacks (in whose islands along the lower Dnieper the Polish novelist Sienkiewicz would one day place With Fire And Sword) were just elements for enforced resettlement in, say, Bessarabia, where, as "the faithful of the Black Sea borders", he could use their presence as bargaining points in the Czarina's territorial claims against Turkey.
When their levies came shambling into camp, they were all elbows, hair, and beard.
We went out of the office and down the hall to a window where documents and more officials awaited us, the rest of the office personnel hot upon our heels.
They are longing to see you".
Will it live up to its reputation?
We saw it frequently afterward, but our suggestion for the very first encounter is near sunset.
My other nugget of art and architectural knowledge -- besides remembering that it was Ghiberti who designed the doors of the baptistery in Florence -- is the three styles of Greek columns.
The great spectacle was a source of rancor, and Son et Lumiere, which the French were trying to promote with the Athenians, was the reason.
This is a public bathing beach, easily accessible by tramway from the center of Athens.
One is Greece is not yet suffering from overpopulation.
At Sounion there is a group of beautiful columns, the ruins of a temple to Poseidon, of particular interest at that time, as active reconstruction was in progress.
But this one was.
-- But let him be ready to invent whatever falsehood -- to assail whatever character -- and to prostitute his paper to whatever ends -- and they hug him to their heart.
To attack Pike directly would gain Woodruff little, for as a penniless newcomer Pike had nothing to lose.
The charges caught Pike off balance, coming as they did from an unexpected quarter.
And Pike never did find out if Robinson was really responsible for the "Vale" letter.
Woodruff wanted this political windfall very badly, and everyone assumed that he would get it because he was a close friend of the governor and his stanchest supporter.
It was at this point that Pike decided to capitalize on the bad feelings between the two men.
Very angry at Woodruff, the governor used his personal influence to have the printing contract withdrawn from The Gazette and awarded to the lowest bidder, which, by a strange coincidence, happened to be Pike's Advocate.
His accomplishments, and the fact that he was resident, did much to offset the unkind words travelers used to describe Little Rock after a visit there.
He composed songs and set them to music and sang them in a soft, melodious voice, and when his audience had had enough of music he would discourse on politics or tell stories of his western adventures guaranteed to excite the emotions of men and women alike.
Nathaniel Morton stated he "was deeply leavened with blasphemous and familistical opinions".
Samuel Gorton was born at Gorton, England, near the present city of Manchester, about 1592.
It had been whispered privately that she had smiled in the congregation, and the Governor Prence sent to knoe her business, and command, after punishment as the bench see fit, her departure and also anyone who brought her to the place from which she came'".
Then he became involved in a ruckus remarkably similar to the one in Plymouth.
Roger Williams wrote his friend Winthrop as follows: "
Gorton and company, however, promptly bought land from Miantonomi a few miles south of Pawtuxet, extending from the present Gaspee Point south to Warwick Neck and twenty miles inland.
Then Massachusetts switched to its standard tactics.
The attack started on October 2, 1643, and the Gortonists held out for a day and a night.
Reverend Cotton preached to them about Demetrius and the shrines of Ephesus.
4.
That night after supper I went back over to 48 Spruce Street -- Ralph and I at that time were living at 168 Chestnut -- and Ralph went with me.
"He has lost much blood", he said.
They made the tests and came to Fred;
He's as good as gone".
The burial was out in Riverside Cemetery.
Frank had been given about half his legacy to use in a business venture before Papa's death;
For years Papa and Mama had been large taxpayers.
Actually Tom had been postponing giving them an answer, I'm confident, because he did not want to go out there to teach.
That fall he submitted to Professor Baker the first acts and outlines of the following acts of several plays, six of them, according to some of his associates, and he also worked on a play that he first called Niggertown, the material for which he had collected during the summer at home.
He was always concerned with life, and he tried to picture it whole;
He hung around New York, waiting to hear whether they would accept it for production and in that time came down to Asheville and also paid a short visit to Chapel Hill, where with almost childish delight he visited old friends and favorite campus spots.
The public, Tom said the man told him, wanted realism, and his play wasn't that.
I was drawn deeper and deeper into these concerns and responsibilities.
Try as I might to confess my sins and accept salvation, no answer came to me from heaven.
Some of these thoughts -- not all of them -- have taken organized form in later years.
This was taken after I came to live in Springfield, and it was made under the guidance of the Reverend Raymond Beardslee, a young preacher who came to the Congregational Church there at about the same time that I moved from New York.
Because God is what He is, the laws of the universe, material and spiritual, are what they are.
He is uncompromising in assigning guilt to the man who finds it necessary to inflict or permit injury to one individual or group for the sake of a larger good.
Neither the engineer nor the ordinary citizen feels any self-consciousness in obeying the laws of matter and energy, nor can he achieve a sense of self-righteousness in such obedience.
One cannot read the records of scientists, officials and travelers who have penetrated to the minds of the most savage races without realizing that each individual met with is a person.
This intellectual approach to spiritual life suited me well, because I was never content to lead a divided life.
In the face of the unfolding universe, our ultimate attitude is that of wonder.
It is endless.
And most of the great periods are represented, because we will compare Plato and Aristotle from the golden age of Greece;
In short, he is constantly concerned with the ethical effects.
only the philosopher knows the truth.
He is, rather, concerned with the effect on society and he wants the poets to join his fight for justice.
and the young people should not even be permitted to see comedies till they are old enough to drink strong wine and sit at the public tables.
The Chicago contingent of modern critics follow Aristotle so far in this direction that it is hard to see how they can compare one poem with another for the purpose of evaluation.
If Krutch is correct, tragedy may have quite the opposite effect.
Many students of literature know that classical defense.
He advises women to beware "of those places which in sorrows cheere you and beguile you in mirth".
We find, in the first place, that the students overwhelmingly approve of higher education, positively evaluate the job their own institution is doing, do not accept most of the criticisms levelled against higher education in the public prints, and, on the whole, approve of the way their university deals with value-problems and value inculcation.
The selective and directional qualities of basic value-orientations are clearly evident in these data: the "success-oriented" students choose vocational preparation, the "other-directed" choose goals of social adjustment ("getting along with people"), the "intellectuals" choose a liberal arts emphasis.
For there is also the "face of reality" in the form of the individual's perceptions of his own abilities and interests, of the objective possibilities open to him, of the familial and other social pressures to which he is exposed.
For them, in the grim words of a once-popular song, love and marriage go together like a horse and carriage.
As one looks at the existing evidence, one finds a correlation, although only a slight one, between high grades and "libertarian" values.
To the extent that our sampling of the orientations of American college students in the years 1950 and 1952 may be representative of our culture -- and still valid in 1959 -- we are disposed to question the summary characterization of the current generation as silent, beat, apathetic, or as a mass of other-directed conformists who are guided solely by social radar without benefit of inner gyroscopes.
In the field of religious beliefs and values, the college students seem to faithfully reflect the surrounding culture.
Our first impression of the data was that the students were surprisingly orthodox and religiously involved.
There was much sickness in the corps, and the men were, in addition, without the clothing, shoes, and blankets needed for the winter weather.
The British general moved his forces north from Philadelphia to Chestnut Hill, near the right wing of the patriot encampment.
The Americans lost forty-four men, among them Major Joseph Morris of Morgan's regiment, an officer who was regarded with high esteem and affection, not only by his commander, but by Washington and Lafayette as well.
Peters insisted that this impression was a great misunderstanding, and evidently, from the quarrel, obtained an unfavorable impression of Morgan's judgment.
Morgan took charge of the furniture and restored it to its thankful owners, but he let the culprits who had stolen it go free.
If there be a disinterested patriot in America,'tis General Washington, and his bravery, none can question".
"The reason for this", the orders said, "is that the enemy may think to take advantage of the celebration of this day.
Ford urged Morgan to capture these men, who, he thought, might be disguised as Quakers or peasants.
When the negotiations began, his quarrel with the king of France was temporarily in abeyance, and he had no intention of reviving it so long as there was hope that French money would come to pay the troops who, under Charles of Valois, the papal vicar of Tuscany, were so valuable in the crusade against the Colonna cardinals and their Sicilian allies.
"Tact", by its very derivation, implies that its possessor keeps in touch with other people, but the author of Clericis Laicos and Unam Sanctam, the wielder of the two swords, the papal sun of which the imperial moon was but a dim reflection, the peer of Caesar and vice-regent of Christ, was so high above other human beings that he had forgotten what they were like.
The Frenchman's answer was a terse "Vous dites vrai".
Amadee may have owed this partly to his relationship with the king, but Othon, who at sixty seems still to have been a simple knight, merited his position solely by his own character and ability.
A northern ambassador, willing to keep his mouth shut and his ears open, could learn a lot that would stand him in good stead at the Curia.
One of the people who was afraid of Alfred was his own brother, Lew.
The store was their marriage, and when Alfred had to leave it there was nothing to hold them together.
My father, who liked Alfred very much, was a constant visitor.
The day Alfred left his home and Fleischmanns he gave up the convictions of a lifetime.
Meltzer stayed with Alfred, and when the door opened they both came out.
The car began to move and Harry ran after it crying, "Alfred!
-- it evaporated, disappeared, and came back to the earth as rain -- maybe for another well or another stream or another Alfred Alpert.
Banks had a family -- a wife, a daughter, and a son.
For every rude word of Mr. Banks's the family had five in apology.
The road past the butcher shop took us along the side of a stream.
I accepted her crossed eyes as she accepted my childishness;
And even hearing it in a concert hall surrounded by hundreds of people the words and the melody would make me a little colder and I would reach out for my husband's hand.
Without a precise knowledge of Germanic philology, however, it is debatable whether their use was not more often a source of confusion and error than anything else.
It was Plummer, in fact, who coined the much quoted remark: "Mr. Green indeed writes as if he had been present at the landing of the Saxons and had watched every step of their subsequent progress".
As R.H. Hodgkin has remarked: "The critical methods of the nineteenth century shattered most of this picturesque narrative.
But beginning, for all practical purposes, with Frederick Seebohm's English Village Community scholars have had to reckon with a theory involving institutional and agrarian continuity between Roman and Anglo-Saxon times which is completely at odds with the reigning concept of the Anglo-Saxon invasions.
On the other side are the Celtic survivalists who have taken a tack divergent from both these schools of nineteenth century thought.
The primary reason for the abandonment of the "shore occupied by" thesis has been the assimilation and accumulation of archaeological evidence, the most striking feature of early English studies in this century.
What exactly are we trying to prove?
In Britain, obviously, the archaeological and place-name characteristics of the Saxon Shore region are bound to be Saxon.
The Secretary of War gave his assent after studying the history of the draft in the American Civil War as well as the British volunteer system in World War 1.
Democratic Speaker Champ Clark saw little difference between a conscript and a convict.
Secretary of War Baker, blindfolded, put his hand into a large glass bowl and drew the initial number of those to be called.
At Camp Taylor in Kentucky a barracks was built in an hour and a half from timber that had been standing in Mississippi forests one week before.
in the United States 300,000 succumbed to it.
Fosdick had found the installations surrounded by a battery of saloons and houses of prostitution, with filles de joie from all over the country flocking to San Antonio, Laredo, and El Paso to "woman the cribs".
There was no time in the short Mexican encounter to evolve a solution but the area provided a proving ground for new departures in the near future.
The wholesome activities were to be provided by many organizations including the YMCA, the Knights of Columbus, the Jewish Welfare Board, the American Library Association, and the Playground and Recreation Association -- private societies which voluntarily performed the job that was taken over almost entirely by the Special Services Division of the Army itself in World War 2.
The word "tragedy" encloses for us in a single span both the Greek and the Elizabethan example.
It is not between Euripides and Shakespeare that the western mind turns away from the ancient tragic sense of life.
With the Discours de la methode and the Principia the things undreamt of in Horatio's philosophy seem to pass from the world.
The tragic stage is a platform extending precariously between heaven and hell.
Tragedy presumes such a configuration.
With the rise to power of the middle class the centre of gravity in human affairs shifted from the public to the private.
But one major fact seems undeniable.
These conceptions and the manner in which they were transposed into poetry or engendered by poetic form are intrinsic to western life from the time of Aeschylus to that of Shakespeare.
The romantics were the immediate inheritors of this tremendous change.
The dream of a descent into the gardens of the south always drew German ambitions toward Rome and Sicily.
Goethe used the fable to more elaborate ends.
Bridges, a son by his second wife, was christened at Pebworth in 1607, but Thomas the younger was living at Packwood two years later and sold Broad Marston manor in 1622.
Sir Ed. Gre. is gonne to Brestowe and from thence to Lond. as I heare, who verie well knoweth our estates and wil be willinge to do us ani good".
Sturley's allusion probably explains why Greville took out the patent in the names of Best and Wells, for Sir Anthony Ashley described Best as "a scrivener within Temple Bar, that deals in many matters for my L. Essex" through Sir Gelly Merrick, especially in "causes that he would not be known of".
Daniel Baker deluged his "Unckle Quyne" with requests to pay money for him to drapers in Watling Street and at the Two Cats in Canning Street.
The queen agreed on December 17, a warrant was signed on January 27, and the Exchequer paid Quiney his expenses on February 27, 1598/9.
He was in London "searching records for our town's causes" in 1600 with young Henry Sturley, the assistant schoolmaster.
The corporation proposed Chief Justice Anderson for an arbiter, sending him a gift of sack and claret.
A nation may go to war on some trifling pretext, when in reality it may have been guided by an unconscious instinct that its very life was at stake.
What evidence is available would seem to indicate that Brooks, unlike his older brother Henry, had most of the methodological vices usually found in the amateur.
Such manipulations are frequently encountered in his essay on the suppression of the monasteries during the English reformation.
He wrote eloquently to William James that impartial history was not only impossible but undesirable.
He pontificates that "one of the first signs of advancing civilization is the fall in the value of women in men's eyes".
However, despite the insight of many of his observations, his own conclusions are open to suspicion because of his failure to employ at all times the correct research methods.
The historian need not be concerned with the philosophical problems suggested by religion.
It was the use of the supernatural that kept them in business.
The dark views about the Puritans found in The Emancipation Of Massachusetts were never altered.
Victor had led an adventurous life.
But one day came the voice of a man I had known when he was a boy, and I later remembered that this boy, thirty years before, had struck me as coming to no good.
It reminded me of my other professor, Edward Kennard Rand, of whom I had been so fond when I was at Harvard, the great mediaevalist and classical scholar who had asked me to call him "Ken", saying, "Age counts for nothing among those who have learned to know life sub specie aeternitatis".
His reading ranged from Agatha Christie to The Book Of Job and he had an insatiable interest in his fellow-creatures, while his letters were full of gossip about new politicians and old men of letters with whom he had been intimately thrown six decades before.
Sedgwick had chosen to follow the philosophy of Epicurus whom, with his followers, Dante put in hell;
His wife, Katie, "as gay as a lark and as lively as a gazelle", -- she was then seventy-six, -- had "a sense of humour that has been denied S.K., but neither has any aesthetic perceptions.
But I only thought of that in the middle of the night.
He went to the Hotel Mayflower and telegraphed Mencken.
Physically as well as mentally I have reached the limit of my endurance.
Charles Breasted remembers that, before unpacking his bag, he telephoned his bootlegger with a generous order, and almost at once "the familiar procession of people began milling through our living room at any hour between two P.M. and three A.M.".
Lewis was spending his mornings, with the help of two secretaries, on the galleys of that long novel, making considerable revisions, and the combination of hard work and hard frivolity exhausted him once more, so that he was compelled to spend three days in the Harbor Sanatorium in the last week of January.
And when questioned by ship's reporters about the separation, she said, "I adore him, and he adores me".
His English friends, it said, had gone into training to keep up with him vocally and with his "allegro movements around the luncheon table".
At once upon his arrival, he telephoned Lady Sybil Colefax who invited them to tea, and then Lewis decided to give a party as a quick way of rounding up his friends.
Blackman called the porter and had him remove everything but one bottle of brandy, and after that they would have a cocktail or two before dinner, or, on one of their walking trips, beer, or, in France and Italy, wine in moderation.
From 1613 on, if the lists exist, they contain between twenty to thirty names.
Venn gave his B.A. as 1624, a mistake for 1629.
It would, however, reach the proctors and other officers in charge of the public-school performances of the incepting bachelors, and the place that any individual obtained in the lists depended greatly on how he comported himself in the public schools during his acts therein as he was incepting.
Above all, he had learned to write formal Latin prose and verse to a remarkable degree of artistry.
His statements about sports and exercises of a physical nature are suggestive, but inconclusive.
Ball games, especially football, required some attention, and other organized sports may have attracted him as participant or spectator.
Aubrey's mention of it (2:67, and Bodleian MS Aubr. 8, F. 63) comes from this prolusion, through Christopher Milton or Edward Phillips.
All western Europe would hear and listen to him in this same vein about the middle of the century.
Writers of this class of science fiction have clearly in mind the assumptions that man can master the principles of this cause-and-effect universe and that such mastery will necessarily better the human lot.
Thus science is the savior of mankind, and in this respect Childhood's End only blueprints in greater detail the vision of the future which, though not always so directly stated, has nevertheless been present in the minds of most science-fiction writers.
and Robert Sheckley's The Status Civilization (1960) describes a world which, frightened by the powers of destruction science has given it, becomes static and conformist.
How effectively these warnings can be presented is seen in Pohl and Kornbluth's The Space Merchants, Vonnegut's Player Piano and Wyndham's Re-Birth.
Rather what Kornbluth and Pohl are really doing is warning against the dangers inherent in perfecting "a science of man and his motives".
As Courtenay explains, "Here in this profession we reach into the souls of men and women.
Stigmata quite sufficient for diagnosis are nevertheless there.
If it proclaims that the best is yet to be, it always arouses, at least in the young, either a suspicious question or perhaps the exclamation of the Negro youth who saw on a tombstone the inscription, "I am not dead but sleeping".
The other reason (and the one with which I am here concerned) is that one thus becomes inclined to inquire of any opinion, or change of opinion, whether it represents the wisdom of experience or is only the result of the difference between youth and age which is as inevitable as the all too obvious physical differences.
but I am so aware of an uninterrupted continuity of the persona or ego that I see only as absurd the tendency of some psychologists from Heraclitus to Pirandello and Proust to regard consciousness as no more than a flux amid which nothing remains unchanged.
Yet during the years when I was on the staff of The Nation, I tried to the limit the patience of the editors on almost every occasion when I was permitted to write an editorial having a bearing on a political or social question.
"Well", I replied, "some of my colleagues on the paper regard me as a rank reactionary".
But one need not always be sure that the action is either wise or conclusive.
Cynical?
Just as I know I would make a bad soldier even though I cannot sincerely call myself a pacifist, so too I would not be either a hangman by profession or, if I could avoid it, even a member of a hanging jury.
and this first section was somehow preserved (there are always these annoying little mysteries about the actual facts of Malraux's life) when the Gestapo destroyed the rest.
Nothing, however, could be farther from the truth.
On the contrary, the frenzy and furor of combat is only the sombre foil against which the sudden illuminations of the human flash forth with the piercing radiance of a Caravaggio.
"As a writer, by what have I been obsessed these last ten years, if not by mankind?
This new vision of man that the narrator acquires is also accompanied by a re-vision of his previous view.
For the figure of Vincent Berger Malraux has obviously drawn on his studies of T. E. Lawrence (though Berger fights on the side of the Turks instead of against them), and like both Lawrence and Malraux himself he is a fervent admirer of Nietzsche.
" Finally, after almost being beaten to death by a madman -- he could not fight back because madmen are sacred to Islam -- he throws up his mission and returns to Europe.
Ordinary methods of diplomacy within the free world are inadequate, said the former Prime Minister.
Under these conditions a new generation of Europeans began to discover the bonds of long association and shared values that for so long had been subordinated to nationalist xenophobia.
Another powerful factor in the European movement was the threat of Soviet aggression.
Britain until recently went along in some areas with all of the enthusiasm of the groom at a shotgun wedding.
It cannot become the source of a real Atlantic community if it remains organized to deal only with the military threat which first brought it into being".
There is nothing new in this;
It follows that the solution to the current disunity of the free nations is only to a very limited extent a matter of devising new machinery of consultation and coordination.
The history of the U.N. demonstrates that in a pluralistic world we must develop processes of influence and persuasion rather than coercion.
That is the lesson of the nineteenth century.
Rexroth and Patchen are far apart musically and poetically in their experiments.
His first book, Before The Brave (1936), is a collection of poems that are almost all Communistic, but after publication of this book he rejected Communism, and advocated a pacifistic anarchy, though retaining his revolutionary idiom.
they form two aspects of heavenly life after death.
The private detective (at least in the minds of listeners and readers all over the country) is an individual hero fighting injustice.
Obviously, the "private eye" can have no more appeal for Patchen.
Rexroth may sometimes achieve an effective juxtaposition, but he rarely makes any effort to capture any jazz "feeling" in the text of his poems, relying on his very competent musicians to supply this feeling.
The musician is non-intellectual and non-verbal;
The following passage from "The Hangman's Great Hands" illustrates the directness of this anger.
Oh, can't hold the han'of my love!
Perhaps Patchen was once involved in a train accident, and this passage from First Will And Testament may have been how the accident appeared to the poet when he first saw it -- if he did: "
His may typify a certain kind of postwar New York experience, but his experience is certainly not typical of his "generation's".
Only a native New Yorker could believe that New York is now or ever was a literary center.
Within themselves, just as people, my friends were often tortured and unappeasably bitter about being the offspring of this unhappily unique-ingrown-screwedup breed;
Some of us have imagination and sensibility too.
Then followed a period in which he wrote reviews for The New York Times Book Review, The Commonweal, Commentary, had a small piece in Partisan Review, and moved on to Hudson, The Village Voice, and Exodus.
Through all this raving, Krim is performing a traditional and by now boring rite, the attack on intelligence, upon the largely successful attempt of the magazines he castigates to liberate American writing from local color and other varieties of romantic corn.
over, the, country --.
And it is also a fact of life that there will always (be youngish half-educated people around, who will be dazzled by the glitter of what looks like a literary movement.
But Krim's complaint is important because not only in New York, but in other cities and in universities throughout this country, young and not, so young men at
He alludes to something called direct writing, and he finds that criticism gets in the way of his truer, realer, imaginative bounce.
We saw Giuseppe Berto at a party once in a while, tall, lean, nervous and handsome, and, in our opinion, the best novelist of them all except Pavese, and Pavese is dead.
This one was going to be different.
He had put it down in a war novel, The Day Of The Lion.
We were at a party once and heard an idealistic young European call that awful charge glorious.
It was a picked assault company.
The apartment where we were talking that afternoon in March faced onto the street Garibaldi's men had charged up and along.
(It is sort of as if our government should decide to disown Washington or Lincoln for the same reason.
It is hard for me to know how I feel about Lauro Di Bosis.
He had crashed on takeoff once before.
I keep thinking of a young woman I knew during the Occupation in Austria.
Were any of us interested enough in the idea to do it for her, by proxy so to speak?
Like every Southerner I can't escape the romantic tradition of brave defeats, forlorn lost causes.
It develops and analyzes the national income, balance of international payments, and many other business indicators.
Practical management problems and their suggested solutions are dealt with in a series of SBA publications.
Guidance and advice are available on new product research and development;
These problems frequently arise where a firm is making items for the Government not directly along the lines of its normal civilian business or where the Government specifications require operations that the firm did not understand when it undertook the contract.
Facilities inventory
Chicago, Ill.;
Richmond, Va.;
to small business
Participation loans are those made jointly by the SBA and banks or other private lending institutions.
The amount which may be borrowed from the SBA depends on how much is required to carry out the intended purpose of the loan.
Denver, Colo.;
Branch Offices are located in other large cities.
The credit provdied by the first two services in the system outlined above is primarily for general agricultural purposes.
For further information, contact the Bank for Cooperatives serving the region, or the Farm Credit Administration, Research and Information Division, Washington 25, D.C.
Repayment
Others have so-called development plans, but some of these are little more than lists of projects collected from various ministries while others are statements of goals without analysis of the actions required to attain them.
This includes assistance in -- assembling the basic economic, financial, technological, and educational information on which programing depends;
Thus, we might provide limited assistance in such fields as education, essential transport, communications, and agricultural improvement despite the absence of acceptable country programs.
External aid can only be marginal, although the margin, as in the case of the Marshall plan, can be decisive.
The range of self-help
Otherwise, development will not lead to longrun stability.
In many instances it can withhold or limit its aid to countries not yet willing to make such efforts.
The most fundamental concept of the new approach to economic aid is the focusing of our attention, our resources, and our energies on the effort to promote the economic and social development of the less developed countries.
The number of countries thus favorably situated is small, but their peoples constitute over half of the population of the underdeveloped world.
(A) the need to budget a period of years.
(C) the need to allocate country resources.
In this, as in so many aspects of our development assistance activities, the incentive effects of the posture we take are the most important ones.
Mr. McCormack.
I did so because I agree with so many here today, that he is the beloved Speaker of all the people of the United States.
He is most effective in the ordinary business of the House, and in the legislative accomplishments of this session, he easily rose to great occasion -- even at the height of unpleasantness and exciting legislative struggle -- and as the Nation witnessed these contests, he rose, even as admitted by those who differed with him, to the proportions of a hero and a noble partisan.
It seems to me that the prayers of the whole free world must rise like some vast petition to Providence that Sam Rayburn's vigor and his life remain undiminished through the coming decades.
The two are as one.
I pray to God that he may be spared to us for many years to come for this is an influence the United States and the whole world can ill afford to lose.
He had an outstanding record as a legislator since the start of his career in the House in 1913, the 63d Congress.
of his championship of many of the progressive social measures which adorn our statute books today, and of his cooperation in times of adversity with Presidents of both of our major parties in helping to pilot the Ship of State through the shoals of today's stormy international seas.
The state presently owns 389 passenger vehicles in comparison to approximately 200 in 1940.
A review of these policies indicates: (1)
(6)
Nineteen states report laws, policies or regulations for assigning state vehicles in lieu of paying mileage allowances.
Actual mileage allowances are well-administered and not unduly expensive for the state.
Origin of state automobile practices
Once the principle was established, the increase in state-owned vehicles came rapidly.
While the origin of state-owned automobiles may be obscured, subsequent developments concerning the assignment, use, and management of state automobiles can be related more clearly.
In 1951 the pool's operation was transferred to the newly-created Department of Administration, an agency established as the central staff and auxiliary department of the state government.
This tied in closely with the current attempt to upgrade state-owned cars to the extent that vehicles are not retained beyond the point where maintenance costs (in light of depreciation) become excessive.
Based on this figure and considering depreciation costs of vehicles, pool personnel have determined that travel in excess of 10,000 miles annually is more economical by state car than by payment of allowances for use of personally-owned vehicles.
Unit prices for state vehicles are invariably lower than to the general public.
The Rhode Island property tax
This is being done both by the revaluation of real property and by seeking out forms of personal property hitherto neglected or ignored.
Intangible property is taxable wherever the owner has a place of abode the greater portion of the year.
The Smithfield tax assessor, in turn, claims the tax under the provision of law "and all other tangible personal property situated or being in any town, in or upon any place of storage shall be taxed to such person in the town where said property is situated".
The resulting setup, it was declared, "would be similar to that which is in successful operation in a number of metropolitan counties as large or larger than Rhode Island".
It is difficult to tabulate exactly what was meant in each individual situation, but the conclusion may be drawn that 21 towns do not assess movable personal property, and of the remainder only certain types are valued for tax purposes.
It is not clear, however, whether they are thinking of all movable property or only of boats, trailers, aircraft or certain other types of personal property whose assessment would be advantageous to their particular towns.
Interest has been shown for a number of years by local assessors in the possibility of taxing boats.
Slightly more than 5,000 boats were registered with the Coast Guard prior to the recent passage of the state boating law.
Expansion and relocation of industry in Rhode Island is the direct responsibility of the Development Council's Industrial Division, and the figures quoted above indicate a successful year's operation.
how and where to apply for financial assistance;
We also continued to run a series of ads featuring endorsement of Rhode Island by industrialists who had recently established new plants here.
New York led in the number of inquiries, followed by California, New Jersey, Massachusetts, and Pennsylvania.
In June, the Office of Foreign and Domestic Commerce -- in conjunction with local trade associations, chambers of commerce, and bank officials -- sponsored a World Trade Conference at the Sheraton-Biltmore Hotel.
More than 2000 copies have been sent out to prospective clients.
As the result of an exhaustive review of the recommendations contained in this report, plus an analysis of our own enabling act, the Planning Division developed a number of basic planning objectives which caused a reorientation of its work program.
The planning division will take the initiative in encouraging planning cooperation at all levels of government;
Functionally the planning division carries out four activities: long-range state planning, current state planning, local planning assistance;
With these maps completed, the inventory phase of the plan has been started.
Special districts in Rhode island.
A review of practices in other states regarding fiscal uniformity is pertinent to this report.
(Georgia, Iowa, Kentucky, Maine, Maryland, Minnesota, Virginia, and South Carolina).
Fiscal uniformity: advantages and disadvantages
By fixing the tax rate in advance of spending, upper limits are set on expenditures.
and as the cost of local government increases, the demand for such comparison also increases.
Both the federal and state governments commence their fiscal years on July 1.
Little can be done about the changing of dates.
The advantages of a uniform fiscal year and well synchronized fiscal and tax collection calendars are sufficiently great for Rhode Island municipalities to exert effort to secure them.
What is important here is that many of the cities and towns recognize the need for improved fiscal practices and are taking the initiative to obtain them.
This change will automatically adjust their tax collection year calendar so as to make all tax installments due and payable in the fiscal year collectible within that year.
These three installment dates would be: October 26, January 26, and April 25 (Providence) and November 15, February 16 and May 15 (Cranston).
Aside from the matter of adjusting the fiscal and tax calendars, there is the problem of financing the adjustment when this is necessary.
Suitable plans range from those that are very easy to develop to those that are difficult to formulate and require borrowing ranging from short-term serial notes to long-term bonds.
In testimony whereof, I have hereunto set my hand and caused the seal of the State to be affixed this 21st day of April, in the year of Our Lord, one thousand nine hundred and sixty-one and on Independence, the one hundred and eighty-fifth.
Freedom depends upon them;
Through trade and travel across the seas the American Merchant Marine is carrying out its historic mission of linking the United States of America with friendly nations across the seas;
Miss Sally May Saabye, (Miss Rhode Island 1960) says that within a short time -- on June 17th -- her reign will come to an end.
United Nations Day is the birthday of the United Nations, mankind's noblest attempt to establish lasting peace with justice;
Ballets were used in opera from its beginning.
And as the Pilgrims bowed their heads in humble gratitude, they shared another feeling -- the anticipation of what the future held for them and their posterity.
And so, let us remember on this day not only to thank the Almighty Who gave hope and courage to the Pilgrims, but also to place our trust in Him that He will continue to protect us in the future as He has in the past.
(B)
acquire the services of chemists, physicists, engineers, and other personnel by contract or otherwise;
acquire secret processes, technical data, inventions, patent applications, patents, licenses, land and interests in land (including water rights), plants and facilities, and other property or rights by purchase, license, lease, or donation;
cooperate with other Federal departments and agencies, with State and local departments, agencies, and instrumentalities, and with interested persons, firms, institutions, and organizations.
The Secretary may dispose of water and byproducts resulting from his operations under this Act.
(B) to finance, for not more than two years beyond the end of said period, such grants, contracts, cooperative agreements, and studies as may theretofore have been undertaken pursuant to this Act;
the causes of injuries and health hazards in Metal and nonmetallic mines (excluding coal and lignite mines);
the magnitude of effort and costs of each of these possible phases of an effective safety program for metal and nonmetallic mines (excluding coal and lignite mines);
the term "commerce" means commerce between any State and any place outside thereof, or between points within the same State but through any place outside thereof.
Such payments shall be made to small domestic producers of lead as long as the market price for common lead at New York, New York, as determined by the Secretary, is below 14-1/2 cents per pound, and such payments shall be 75 per centum of the difference between 14-1/2 cents per pound and the average market price for the month in which the sale occurred as determined by the Secretary.
Education:
The Institute is engaged in an extensive program of medico-military scientific research in both morphological and experimental pathology.
During the period from 1 July 1960 through 31 January 1961, additional research affiliations were effected with the U. S. Army Medical Research and Development Command to conduct research in procedures for quantitative electron microscopy, and for the study of biophysical and biological studies of the structure and function of ocular tissue.
It also maintains shops for the design and fabrication of exhibits, training aids and instruments and libraries for the loan of films and teaching lantern slide sets.
In support of the emphasis placed by the Department of Defense on instruction in emergency medical care, the Medical Illustration Service developed casualty simulation kits and rescue breathing manikins which are being field tested;
Sixteen lantern slide sets were loaned to the Government of India and eight sets were forwarded to the U.S. Embassy, Managua, Nicaragua for the Educational Exchange Program.
These were selected carefully and included not only detailed clinical information but adequate pathology of value for research and educational purposes.
During the period of this report, 63 panel exhibits depicting the latest developments in medical research were displayed.
Thirty-five military and civilian students received laboratory training.
Additionally, on the many ships at sea and in the smaller naval stations, the availability of the Journal removed the necessity of subscribing to several additional journals of civilian origin over and above the quantity now authorized, in order to provide any reasonably comparable coverage.
Occasional features were published on historical medicine, special reports, bibliography, and "Collector's Items".
The accuracy of measuring the total electrical energy entering an exploding wire during a few microseconds was verified when two independent types of comparison with the heat energy produced had an uncertainty of less than 2 percent.
During the discharge the magnetic forces set up by the passage of current cause the edges of the foil to roll inward toward its center line, thus allowing light to pass into the camera.
High sensitivity in radio telescopes is achieved by reducing the bandwidth of the receiver;
Preparations are being made for similar experiments on CH and SH radicals.
Carbon resistors and impurity-doped germanium resistors have been investigated for use as precision secondary thermometers in the liquid helium temperature region.
However, the surface temperature gradient can produce erroneous vapor-pressure measurements for the bulk liquid helium unless precautions are taken to isolate the tube (which passes through the surface to the vapor pressure bulb) from the liquid helium surface.
Over a temperature range from 25 to 200 Af and at pressures up to 250 atm, an overload of 300 psi, applied for a period of one day, results in an uncertainty in the pressure of, at most, one millimeter of mercury.
Such a group of thermometers was obtained and calibrated at the Aj.
The programs in infrared spectroscopy are undergoing reorientation toward wavelength standards in the far infrared, the application of infrared techniques to solid state studies, and increased emphasis on high resolution instrumentation.
A set of tables containing spectral intensities for 39,000 lines of 70 elements, as observed in a copper matrix in a d-c arc, was completed and published.
Written evidence that the claimant and any such attorney have agreed to the amount of the attorney's fees shall be conclusive upon the Commission: Provided, however, That the total amount of the fees so agreed upon does not exceed 10 per centum of the total amount paid pursuant to the award.
Any claimant whose claim is denied, or is approved for less than the full amount of such claim, shall be entitled, under such regulations as the Commission may prescribe, to a hearing before the Commission, or its duly authorized representatives, with respect to such claim.
Sec. 6.
(C)
in the case of any assignment of an award, or any part thereof, which is made in writing and duly acknowledged and filed, after such award is certified to the Secretary of the Treasury, payment may, in the discretion of the Secretary of the Treasury, be made to the assignee, as his interest may appear.
and (2) such other special funds as may, in the discretion of the Secretary of the Treasury, be required each to be a claims fund to be known by the name of the foreign government which has entered into a settlement agreement with the Government of the United States as described in subsection (A) of Section 4 of this Title.
to make payments in full of the principal of awards of $1,000 or less, certified pursuant to Section 5 of this Title;
The Secretary of the Treasury, upon the concurrence of the Secretary of State, is authorized and directed, out of the sum covered into the Yugoslav Claims Fund pursuant to subsection (B) of this section, after completing the payments of such funds pursuant to subsection (C) of this Section, to make payment of the balance of any sum remaining in such fund to the Government of the Federal People's Republic of Yugoslavia to the extent required under Article 1 (C) of the Yugoslav Claims Agreement of 1948.
But none of these has been implemented.
These revenues make it possible to provide essential freight and passenger service over the entire New York Central system as well as the New York area commuter and terminal freight services.
Detailed studies of the plan were well underway.
Which will serve not only the best interest of the stockholders, but the interests of all the traveling public?
My heartiest congratulations go to their successors, Orvil E. Dryfoos and John B. Oakes, who can be counted upon to sustain the illustrious tradition of the New York Times.
Russian tanks and planes in Cuba jeopardize the security of the United States, violate the Monroe Doctrine, and threaten the security of every other Latin American republic.
We simply can't tolerate further Russian weapons, including the possibility of long-range nuclear missiles, being located in Cuba.
This is the question now facing President Kennedy: How to put a stop to the Soviet buildup in Cuba and to Communist infiltration of this hemisphere?
As a possible course of action, it also is the center of debate and is raising many questions.
the blockading force must be powerful enough to enforce it;
Shipments of arms from Western countries could similarly be seized as contraband.
These amendments to the Vocational Rehabilitation Act were designed to help provide for more specialized rehabilitation facilities, for more sheltered and "half-way" workshops, for greater numbers of adequately trained personnel, for more comprehensive services to individuals (particularly to the homebound and the blind), and for other administrative improvements to increase the program's overall effectiveness.
The following table shows, for selected years, the authorizations, appropriations, allotment base, Federal grants to States and State matching funds for this part of the grant program:
The term "State" means the several States, the District of Columbia, the Virgin Islands, Guam and Puerto Rico;
) 4.
If the resulting difference for the particular State is less or more than these extremes, the State's allotment percentage must be raised or lowered to the appropriate extreme.
Determine the sum of the products obtained in item 8 above, for all the States.
(Each State's unadjusted allotment for any fiscal year, which exceeds its minimum allotment described in item 13 below by a percentage greater than one and one-half times the percentage by which the sum being allotted exceeds $23,000,000, must be reduced by the amount of the excess.
Matching requirements
The purpose of the adjusted Federal share relating to the base allotment and of the transition provisions for reaching the unadjusted Federal share is to prevent dislocations from abrupt changes in matching rates.
(The same amount used in item 2 under Method Of Computing Allotments, above.
(Alaska and Hawaii had fixed Federal share percentages in effect prior to fiscal year 1962.
)
) Building plans are on page 21.
An outdoor, aboveground fallout shelter also may be built with concrete blocks.
It would have to be covered with at least 28 inches of pit-run gravel.
His charges would be added to the cost of materials.
Plans for the shelter, with either a stairway or hatchway entrance, are shown on pages 26 and 27.
4.
It should provide not less than 5 cubic feet per minute of air per person.
There should be a regular electrical outlet in the shelter as power may continue in many areas.
The radioactivity of fallout decays rapidly at first.
How long to stay in your shelter;
Records such as diaries can be kept.
Sanitation in the confines of the family shelter will require much thought and planning.
Open-flame heating or cooking should be avoided.
The safest place is the basement corner least exposed to windows and deepest below ground.
Such planning will require the cooperation of other occupants and of the apartment management.
This Court agreed with the trial court "that considerations of price, quality and service were not overlooked by either Du Pont or General Motors".
The purpose of this provision was thus explained in the Court's opinion: "
The statutory policy of fostering free competition is obviously furthered when no supplier has an advantage over his competitors from an acquisition of his customer's stock likely to have the effects condemned by the statute.
This brings us to the course of the proceedings in the District Court.
The submission of detailed plans would place the issues before the court more readily than would discussion of divestiture or disenfranchisement in the abstract.
On motion of the Amici Curiae, the court directed that a ruling be obtained from the Commissioner of Internal Revenue as to the federal income tax consequences of the Government's plan.
Du Pont would be denied the right to acquire any additional General Motors stock except through General Motors'distributions of stock or subscription rights to its stockholders.
It is not a medieval mental quirk or an attitude "unnourished by sense" to believe that husbands and wives should not be subjected to such a risk, or that such a possibility should not be permitted to endanger the confidentiality of the marriage relationship.
He claims that he was denied due process of law in violation of the Fifth Amendment, because (1) at a hearing before a hearing officer of the Department of Justice, he was not permitted to rebut statements attributed to him by the local board, and (2) at the trial, he was denied the right to have the hearing officer's report and the original report of the Federal Bureau of Investigation as to his claim.
Pp. 63-64.
He says that he was not permitted to rebut before the hearing officer statements attributed to him by the local board, and, further, that he was denied at trial the right to have the Department of Justice hearing officer's report and the original report of the Federal Bureau of Investigation as to his claim -- all in violation of the Fifth Amendment.
He claimed 4-d classification as a minister of religion, devoting a minimum of 100 hours a month to preaching.
He was again reclassified 1-a by the local board.
Upon return of the file to the local board, petitioner was again ordered to report for induction and this prosecution followed his failure to do so.
We said there that it was necessary "that a registrant be given an opportunity to rebut (the Department's) recommendation when it comes to the Appeal Board, the agency with the ultimate responsibility for classification".
nor did he elaborate just what favorable evidence the Federal Bureau of Investigation reports might disclose.
Petitioner knew that the Department's recommendation was based not on the hearing officer's report but on the statement of the local board in his file.
He bases his present contention on the general right to explore, indicating that he hopes to find some discrepancy in the resume.
Foreign policy is the total involvement of the American people with peoples and governments abroad.
The movement of events is so fast, the pace so severe, that an attempt to peer into the future is essential if we are to think accurately about the present.
Further, I would hope that we could pay attention to little things.
He is expected to supervise, to encourage, to direct, to assist in any way he can.
For he knows that the first and sometimes most difficult job is to know what the question is -- that when it is accurately identified it sometimes answers itself, and that the way in which it is posed frequently shapes the answer.
He will know that general policy papers written months before may not fit his problem because of crucial changes in circumstance.
The selection of the wrong tools can mean waste, at best, and at worst an unwanted inflammation of the problem itself.
May I add a caution on this particular point?
And the policy officer has the hounds of time snapping at his heels.
They should live in modest circumstances, avoiding all conspicuous consumption.
The Peace Corps, therefore, offers an opportunity to add a new dimension to our approach to the world -- an opportunity for the American people to think anew and start afresh in their participation in world development.
Nor should we lose the opportunity to use this summer for training on university campuses.
10.
The Peace Corps is not a diplomatic or propaganda venture but a genuine experiment in international partnership.
For this must be the project of the whole American people.
It can promote international cooperation and good will toward this country.
I have today signed an Executive Order establishing a Peace Corps on a temporary pilot basis.
This organization will differ from existing assistance programs in that its members will supplement technical advisers by offering the specific skills needed by developing nations if they are to put technical advice to work.
2.
They kill and destroy, retard or prevent reproduction and growth, impair and damage values, and disrupt uses.
This will require about a 40 percent increase over the present level of protection.
Initiating a program to control dwarf mistletoe on several hundred thousand acres of selected better stands of young softwood sawtimber on better growing sites.
This will include a stepped-up program of training and development of personnel.
Control would be limited to those rodents for which economical means of control are known.
These roads are largely of less than highway standards, and usually carry traffic which is related to use of the National Forests.
the volume of timber that can be marketed, especially for small sales and the support of dependent communities and small business enterprises;
Service at these levels of production and utilization will eventually require the construction of about 379,900 miles of new roads and 6,000 miles of new trails, along with the reconstruction to higher standards of about 105,000 miles of roads and 10,500 miles of trails.
Within the units in the National Forest System the pattern of land ownership is quite irregular.
Strategy and tactics of the U.S. military forces are now undergoing one of the greatest transitions in history.
Quality and combat readiness must take precedence over mere numbers.
These expenditures are estimated to be $12.1 billion, an increase of $187 million over 1960, reflecting additional longevity pay of career personnel, more dependents, an increased number of men drawing proficiency pay, and social security tax increases (effective for the full year in 1961 compared with only 6 months in 1960).
Also, the program for fleet modernization will be stepped up in 1961 causing an increase in expenditures.
Legislation has already been proposed to authorize the sale of these Government-owned systems in Alaska, and its early enactment is desirable.
As I have repeatedly stated, this provision is much more restrictive than the general law, popularly known as the Buy American Act.
The substantial progress being made in ballistic missile technology is rapidly shifting the main threat from manned bombers to missiles.
The cost of developing a major weapon system is now so enormous that the greatest care must be exercised in selecting new systems for development, in determining the most satisfactory rate of development, and in deciding the proper time at which either to place a system into production or to abandon it.
By 1965, several or all of these systems will have been fully tested and their reliability established.
Purchase authorizations will include provisions relating to the sale and delivery of commodities, including the classes, types and/or varieties of food grain, the time and circumstances of deposit of the rupees accruing from such sale, and other relevant matters.
The two Governments agree that the rupees accruing to the Government of the United States of America as a consequence of sales made pursuant to this Agreement will be used by the Government of the United States of America, in such manner and order of priority as the Government of the United States of America shall determine, for the following purposes in the amounts shown: (A)
Article 3, deposit of rupees
The Government of India agrees to furnish, upon request of the United States of America, information on the progress of the program, particularly with respect to the arrival and condition of commodities and the provisions for the maintenance of usual marketings, and information relating to exports of the same or like commodities.
S. K. Patil Excellency:
In the event the rupees set aside for loans under Section 104 (E) of the Act are not advanced within six years from the date of this Agreement because the Export-Import Bank of Washington has not approved loans or because proposed loans have not been mutually agreeable to the Export-Import Bank of Washington and the Department of Economic Affairs of the Government of India, the Government of the United States of America may use the rupees for any purpose authorized by Section 104 of the Act.
Within sixty days after the receipt of notice that the Export-Import Bank is prepared to act favorably upon an application the Department of Economic Affairs will indicate to the Export-Import Bank whether or not the Department of Economic Affairs has any objection to the proposed loan.
D.
The books and records with respect to each project shall be maintained for the duration of the project, or until the expiration of three years after final disbursement for the project has been made by the United States, whichever is later.
Rather, such assignments are made, as they must be, on the basis of certain overall rules and standards, representing to some extent a statistical approach to the problem, taking into account for each situation some of the variables (e.g., power and station separations) and averaging out others in order to achieve the balance which must be struck between protection against destructive interference and the assignment of a number of stations large enough to afford optimum radio service to the Nation.
Because of the difference between daytime and nighttime propagation conditions, it has been necessary to evolve different allocation structures for daytime and nighttime broadcasting in the AM band, with many more stations operating during the day than at night.
With respect to nighttime assignments, the degree of skywave service and interference is determined by skywave curves (figs. 1 and 2 of sec. 3.190 of the rules) giving average skywave values.
(2)
With respect to skywave service rendered at night, class 1, -- A stations are the only stations permitted to operate in the United States on clear channels specified for class 1, -- A operation, and so render skywave service free from cochannel interference whereever they may be received;
Therefore, under our longstanding allocation rules, on some of these channels no station other than the dominant (class 1) -- A) station is permitted to operate at night, so that the 1, -- A station can render service, interference free, wherever it can be received.
The decision reached in 1938-39 was made after the accumulation of a large amount of data and thorough study thereof.
Saturday, Sunday, or holiday.
Nonresident aliens living in Canada or Mexico who earn wages in the United States may be subject to withholding of tax on their wages, the same as if they were citizens of the United States.
This form may be obtained from the local office of your district director.
See also Interest On Unpaid Taxes, below.
Such interest must be paid even though an extension of time for filing is granted.
All checks and money orders should be made payable to Internal Revenue Service.
Adjusted gross income
Rents or royalties.
) If your employer reimburses you for expenses incurred, you deduct such expenses if they otherwise qualify.
(See Chapter 20.
2.
You spent $800 for his support.
The one- or two-season hunt, of which there have been too many recently, may do more harm than good;
And lest we should become too consistent, in the sense of becoming heedless of new fields of scholarship and new points of view in the arts, the Foundation's Board of Trustees maintains a trickle -- not a flow!
It is a truism of business that no business can be better than its board of directors and its top management.
He is a historian, with the great merit of a historian's long view.
and by their demanding tend to create resources of men's minds and hearts which problems with easy answers do not bring forth.
It gives, indeed, cause for rejoicing to remember what many catastrophes of the past produced;
The gulf between the "rich" and the "poor" has narrowed, in the industrialized Western world, to the point that the word "poor" is hardly applicable.
But when there is not freedom and opportunity to choose, men -- individual men -- must remain in status and society does not, cannot, progress.
and we think them largely futile because, for true excellence of accomplishment, every scholar and every artist must cross boundaries of knowledge and boundaries of points of view.
Much of his genius, of course, sprang from his familiarity with clock movements.
That development, in turn, formed the foundation of still more significant expansions in later years -- in gear cutting, in circular graduating, in index drilling, and in many other fields where accuracy was a paramount requirement.
The turret screw machine, now known as the Brown & Sharpe hand screw machine, takes its ancestry directly from Mr. Brown's efforts to introduce equipment to simplify the manufacture of the sewing machine.
This process made the economical manufacture of gears questionable until some way could be found to permit the repeated re-sharpening of gear tooth cutters without the loss of the precision form.
One such man was Samuel Darling.
During his presidency, the company's physical plant was enormously expanded, and the length and breadth of the Brown & Sharpe machine tool line became the greatest in the world.
In the Cutting Tool Division, the principal products include a wide variety of high speed steel milling cutters, end mills and saws.
In connection with our continuing development of new and more efficient mill machinery, a sounder U. S. income tax policy on depreciation of production equipment, enabling the mills to charge off the cost of new machines on a more realistic basis, could, if adopted, have favorable effects on Leesona's business in the next few years.
Stretch yarn machines
These machines are designed to provide higher operating speeds, larger yarn packages, and greater flexibility of application to different types of yarn.
Many mills have already placed firm orders for this machine.
Diversification plans
There is a rapidly growing demand for this material, primarily from the military.
Operations in the new plant should be producing efficiently early in 1962.
The area available at Heywood is approximately three times the size of the former Rochdale and Manchester locations.
Long term loans have been reduced by $395,000 to $2,461,000.
The basic market for textiles is growing with the expansion of the population that began 20 years ago.
Following the term of service in Japan, each emissary returns for a brief visit to the campus to interpret his experience to the college community.
These student-directed organizations include eight to ten members each;
These services at which attendance is voluntary are led by the Chaplain, by the President of the College, by selected faculty members, students, and visitors.
There are other organizations representing several of the denominational groups.
Student workshop
The same standards for admission, for eligibility to receive scholarships or grants-in-aid, and for scholastic performance at college apply to all students.
The school year does not end for any student until he has completed his last examination of the semester.
Women's Recreation Association.
Under the auspices of the Women's Recreation Association, interclass competition is organized in badminton, basketball, field hockey, golf, tennis, and swimming.
and a special Bulletin in June.
) It is issued weekly throughout the college year.
The editor and business manager of Manuscript are appointed by the Publications Board.
And yet, despite some disappointment with the performance of this first year of the new decade, 1960 has been a good year in many ways, with many overall measures of business having reached new peaks for the year as a whole.
set production (excluding those destined for the export market) also ran ahead in the early months, but was curtailed after the usual vacation shutdowns in the face of growing evidence that some of the early production plans had been overly optimistic.
I look for TV sales and production to be approximately equal at 5.7 million sets for the year, but I look for some decline in radios from the high rate in 1961 to more nearly the 1959 level of 15.0 - 15.5 million sets.
Still later, the realm of space technology will show substantial gains;
sales should slightly exceed 1960, however, and reach $1.9 billion.
In sum, I look for another good year for the electronics industry in 1961, with total sales increasing about 7% to $10.8 billion, despite the uncertainties in the business outlook generally.
Mr. Devey is a graduate of the Massachusetts Institute of Technology, and attended the United States Naval Academy Post-Graduate School specializing in electronic engineering.
The promotion of Robert E. Swift to the position of Assistant Manager of the Interference Control Field Service Department was announced early in December by Frederick S. Scarborough, Manager of Interference Control Field Service.
They sometimes pay more attention to their rights than to their own internal problems of government.
Despite the many avenues for the exchange of ideas between faculty and administration, complaints of a lack of communication persist.
They serve not only as spokesmen for their areas, but they also contribute to top-level decision making.
For the maintenance of a long-term program, the departments, and particularly their chairmen, are strategic.
To avoid passing over quiet, unaggressive teachers as well as to decide whether others merit promotion, review of the right of faculty members to promotion or salary increases should be made periodically whether or not they have been recommended for advancement by their departments.
In the first instance, adequate appropriate reading materials and library accommodations must be planned.
It should sternly appraise curricula, faculty, organization, buildings, faculty work loads, and potential for growth in stature and size.
The president's opportunity for influencing education reaches its highest point, as he decides which projects he will cut back, which he will advance by increased allowances or new fund-raising efforts.
Supporting activities -- business management, public relations, fund-raising -- offer presidents one of their best chances to buy freedom for attention to education.
By sharing the load of important speeches with his colleagues, the president can develop a cadre of able spokesmen who will help to create a public perception of the university as an institution, something more than the lengthened shadow of one man.
For the case of Jupiter, the radio emission spectrum is definitely not like the spectrum of a black-body radiator, and it seems very likely that the radiation reaching the earth is a combination of thermal radiation from the atmosphere and non-thermal components.
and that the maximum of the radio emission came about 3-1/2 days after Full Moon, which is again in contrast to the infrared emission, which reaches its maximum at Full Moon.
This is much smaller than the highest resolution of even the very large reflectors now under construction, and consequently the radio emission of different regions of the disk cannot be resolved.
The use of this concept does not specify the origin of the radiation, and only if the planet really radiates as a black body, will the apparent black-body temperature correspond to the physical temperature of the emitting material.
see also chap. 11).
Measurements at 3.15 cm were obtained on 11 days spread over the interval May 3 to June 19, 1956, using the 50-foot reflector at the U. S. Naval Research Laboratory in Washington.
The age of the moon was about 2 days.
Introduction
2.
The following possibilities exist for achieving this: 1.
Argon was used as a blowing gas to exclude any effects of dissociation or chemical reaction.
The anode in figure 2 was mounted by means of the anode holder which was attached to a steel plug and disk.
A plug and a tube with holes in its cylindrical walls divided the chamber above the porous plug into two parts.
The power source was a commercial D. C. rectifier.
The heat losses of the holder were to be reduced as far as possible and they should be such that an accurate heat balance can be made.
The size of this hot region was estimated by eye.
Some of these temperatures are plotted in figure 4.
The temperature distribution of figure 4 gives Af for all blowing rates, assuming Af.
The instrument used for this work was a slight modification of that previously described.
A back pressure was then introduced, and the rise or fall of the material in the manometer indicated which was greater, the normal pressure in the block or the back pressure.
They also give information which will aid in the design of a more satisfactory instrument for the measurement of the normal pressures.
The total volume of the system above the reference height is Af, and H can be eliminated to obtain an equation for the total potential energy of the system in terms of H.
If the mechanics are similar, we can also infer that the thermodynamics will also be similar.
Mason and Taylor both show that the major axis of the ellipsoids is at 45-degrees at low rates of shear and that it approaches the direction of shear with increased rates of shear.
If A is the major axis of an ellipsoid and B and C are the other two axes, the radius of curvature in the ab plane at the end of the axis Af, and the difference in pressure along the A and B axes is Af.
In other words, if an ideal gas is compressed and kept at constant temperature, the work done in compressing it is completely converted into heat and transferred to the surrounding heat sink.
An isotropic resonance shift of Af to lower applied fields indicates a weak isotropic hyperfine contact interaction.
Af appeared to be well suited for the study of these matters, since it is a normal paramagnet, with three unpaired electrons on the chromium, its crystal structure is very simple, and the unknown position of the hydrogen in the strong Af bond provides structural interest.
There is evidence, though less convincing than for Af, that the Af bond in nickel dimethylglyoxime is symmetric.
Af.
The bond angles and distances are all within the expected limits and the volume per oxygen is about normal.
Therefore, the only unknown structural feature would appear to be whether the hydrogen atoms are located symmetrically (1) or asymmetrically (3).
A very fine, gray solid (about 15 g) is formed, water-washed by centrifugation, and dried at 110-degrees-C).
However, Af adsorbs water from the atmosphere and this may account for the low chromium analysis and high total weight loss.
Nuclear magnetic resonance (NMR) measurements
A single measurement of the spin - spin relaxation time Af was obtained at 10 Mc/sec by pulse methods.
The data reported here are either from spectra from which the adsorbed water resonance could easily be eliminated or from spectra of samples evacuated and sealed off at 375-degrees-C which contain no adsorbed water.
Polyphosphates gave renewed life to soap products at a time when surfactants were a threat though expensive, and these same polyphosphates spelled the decline of soap usage when the synergism between polyphosphates and synthetic detergent actives was recognized and exploited.
In addition, many of the hard-surface cleaners used for walls and woodwork had their genesis in trisodium orthophosphate, which is still the major ingredient of a number of such products.
Spring used a Brush surface-analyzer in a metal-cleaning study and showed considerable differences in soil removal, depending upon surface roughness.
The soiled fabrics used for rapid testing of detergent formulations are made in such a way that only part of the soil is removed by even the best detergent formulation in a single wash.
The importance of the inorganic constituents in hard-surface cleaning has been emphasized in a number of papers.
Miscellaneous soils, which primarily include sticky substances and colorless liquids which evaporate to leave a residue.
The washing process whereby soils are removed consists basically of applying mechanical action to loosen the dirt particles and dried matter in the presence of water which helps to float off the debris and acts, to some extent, as a dissolving and solvating agent.
(3) For anionics, these micelles appear to be roughly spherical assemblages in which the hydrocarbon tails come together so that the polar groups (the ionized ends) face outward towards the aqueous continuous phase.
Whereas the usual organic surface-active agent is strongly sorbed at oil - water interfaces, the highly charged ions are most strongly sorbed at interfaces between water and insoluble materials exhibiting an ionic structure (see Table 26-2 on p. 1678).
Cleaned cloth must be protected against the redeposition of dispersed soil.
The rate of the gas phase exchange reaction appears to be proportional to the first power of the absorbed light intensity indicating that the radical intermediates are removed at the walls or by reaction with an impurity rather than by bimolecular radical combination reactions.
We are reporting these investigations here briefly because of their relevancy to problems of the study of apparently simple exchange reactions of chlorine and because the results furnish some information on the activation energy for abstraction of chlorine atoms from carbon tetrachloride.
The radiochlorine was stored at -78-degrees in a tube equipped with a break seal.
Reaction conditions and analysis.
Changes of intensity on the cell were achieved by use of a wire screen and by varying the distance of the light source from the cell.
Following observation of the fact that the reaction rates of supposedly identical reaction mixtures prepared on the same filling manifold and exposed under identical conditions often differed by several hundred per cent, a systematic series of experiments was undertaken to see whether the difficulty could be ascribed to the method of preparing the chlorine, to the effects of oxygen or moisture or to the effect of surface to volume ratio in the reaction tubes.
The improvement was most noticeable in the greater consistency among reaction cells prepared as a group on the same manifold.
-- Although there was some variation in results which must be attributed either to trace impurities or to variation in wall effects, the photochemical exchange in the gas phase was sufficiently reproducible so that it seemed meaningful to compare the reaction rates in different series of reaction tubes for the purpose of obtaining information on the effect of chlorine concentration and of carbon tetrachloride concentration on the reaction rate.
Further, the corpuscular radiation, i.e., the solar-wind protons, must sputter away the surface atoms of the dust and cause a slow diminution in size, with a resultant increase in both the Poynting-Robertson effect and the ratio of the repulsive force to the gravitational force.
Asteroidal collisions are also thought to contribute material.
In addition, the size distribution obtained from visual and radar observations of meteors may be extrapolated to the micrometeorite domain.
The impact rate on 1958 Alpha for 153 events was Af for particles of mass greater than Af (Dubin, 1960);
Preliminary data from 1959 Eta give an average impact rate of Af for masses larger than Af for about 1000 events in a 22-day period (LaGow and Alexander, 1960).
Many workers believe that the response is proportional to the incident momentum of the particles, a relation deduced from laboratory results linearly extrapolated to meteoritic velocities.
To what extent such low density applies to micrometeorites is unknown.
It is assumed that the flux values increase by a factor of 2.512 per magnitude, in accordance with the opinion that the total mass flux in each unit range in magnitude is constant.
The mass scale used in Table 5-1 was derived on the assumption that the motion of the glowing trail is related to the momentum transfer to the trail by the meteorite, permitting the calculation of the mass if the velocity is known (Cook and Whipple, 1958).
Also, it has been suggested that the source of all or part of the dust may not be the same as that for visual or radar meteorites (Best, 1960), and the same distribution would not be expected.
It is the exploitation of the inherent potential of infectious disease agents by scientific research and development, resulting in the production of BW weapons systems.
Much new equipment and many unique techniques have been developed for the quantitative exposure of experimental animals to aerosols of infectious agents contained in particles of specified dimensional characteristics.
In considering BW defense, it must be recognized that a number of critical meterological parameters must be met for an aerosol to exhibit optimum effect.
Depending on the organism, there may be multiplication in some food or beverage products, i.e., in milk for example.
These dosages could have been increased by increasing the source strength which was small in this case.
These were located at the homes of Government employees, in Government Offices, buildings and reservations within the trial area.
.
It is, obviously, a proper goal of research to improve on this property.
All of these considerations are of critical importance in considering defense and medical management.
Our major problem is what an enemy might accomplish in an initial attack on a target.
The major defensive problems are concerned with the possibility of overt military delivery of biological agents from appropriate disseminating devices.
Huge industries are involved also in the production of biological products, drugs and cosmetics which are liable to this type of attack.
Serum samples were obtained from normal group A, group B and group O donors.
One drop of each sample was added to one drop of a 2% suspension of group Af or group B red cells in a small Af test tube.
The saline and albumin tests were performed as described for the ABO samples except that the mixture was incubated for 1 hr at 37-degrees-C before centrifugation.
The serum was measured volumetrically and subsequently dialyzed in the cold for at least 24 hr against three to four changes, approximately 750 ml each, of "starting buffer".
A flow rate of 72 Af was used and 12 ml fractions were collected.
At the end of the run, the strips in the third and sixth positions in each chamber were dried, stained for 1 hr, washed and dried, while the other strips were maintained in a horizontal position at 1-degree-C.
Other methods will be described below.
In all cases, most of the activity lay in the region of high anionic binding capacity.
The incomplete antibody activity appeared in the early part of the chromatogram;
They keep their wings and feet pressed tightly against their bodies, and in spite of their often colorful attire you may very well mistake them for lumps of dirt.
By scrutinizing the flowers, one can also notice that the scale bears one or two tiny warts.
If you really insist on knowing their names, an excellent book on the North American species is Bumblebees And Their Ways by O. E. Plath.
When the larvae hatch, they feed on the beebread, although they also receive extra honey meals from their mother.
The young queens and drones leave the nest and mate, and after a short period of freedom, the fertilized young queens will begin to dig in for the winter.
The one sure way to tell victim and villain apart is to examine the hind legs which in the case of the idler, Psithyrus, lack the pollen baskets -- naturally!
There are about 200 different kinds of Andrena in Europe alone.
In the Sacramento valley in California, for instance, it has been observed that there was not one day's difference between the emergence of the andrenas and the opening of the willow catkins.
Closely related to the andrenas are the nomias or alkali bees.
The thing is that these bees love a fine-grained soil that is moist;
Certain individual giants recorded later did fail to show a reasonable difference after maturity, but it is impossible to know whether this is due to captive conditions.
There are few data on the boa constrictor, those for the anaconda are unconvincing, and there is nothing at all on the amethystine python.
Results from this approach amply confirm the direct observations: about three years are required, there being a possible slight difference between males and females in the time required.
Carpenter's study showed that female common garter and ribbon snakes of Michigan mature at about the age of two.
This approach rejects virtually all field measurements.
His thirteenth chapter includes many exciting accounts of huge serpents with prodigious strength, but these seem to be given to complete his picture, not to be believed.
A brood of twenty-eight born at Brookfield Zoo, near Chicago, ranged in length from 22 to 33-1/2 inches and averaged 29 inches.
Hans Schweizer had one that increased from 19-1/2 inches to 5 feet 3 inches in five years, and J. J. Quelch records a growth of from less than 4 feet to nearly 10 in about six years.
In snakes difference in size is a common characteristic of subspecies.
I have surprisingly little information on the size and age at maturity.
The pulmonary artery, in addition to supplying the distal portion of the respiratory bronchiole, the alveolar duct, and the alveoli, continues on and directly supplies the thin pleura (fig. 8).
Distally the bronchus is situated between a pulmonary artery on one side and a pulmonary vein on the other, as in type 1 ((fig. 24).
An unusual increase in the number of bronchial arteries present within the substance of the lung was noted.
It is evident that many marked and striking differences exist between lungs when an inter-species comparison is made.
One might also wonder if monkeys are capable of developing bronchiolitis as we know it in man or the horse.
The meaning of this variation in distribution of the bronchial artery as found in the horse is not clear.
In criticism of the latter's views, his conclusions were based upon dog lung injection studies in which all of the vascular channels were first filled with a solution under pressure and then were injected with various sized colored particles designed to stop at the arteriolar level.
Ellis, Grindlay and Edwards ('52) also were unable to find them in rats.
Summary
The pleura is extremely thin in type 2 and septa are absent.
First, the Onset Profile spreads across approximately 12 years for boys and 10 years for girls.
In the lower portion of each Chart, the Skeletal Age (Hand) of boy 34 and girl 2 may be similarly classified.
The lower portion utilizes the full complement of intermediate maturity indicators of each Hand center as well as their Onset and Completion.
It was stated earlier that one purpose of this study was to extend the analysis of variability of Onset and Completion in each of the 21 growth centers somewhat beyond that provided by the data in Tables 1 and 2.
The length of the arrow indicates amount of slowing or acceleration at Completion over that at Onset, and the difference in months can be read roughly by referring the arrow to the age scale along the base of each figure, or more precisely by referring to the original data in the appropriate tables.
We have attempted to simplify the extensive task of analyzing onset ages and completion ages of each child -- more than 1700 values for the entire group -- by constructing figures for each of the 21 centers so that the data for all 34 boys and 34 of the girls will appear together for each growth center.
The mean onset age was 25.3 months (Table 1), and the average Span of the osseous stage was 133 months.
thus early forecasting of the pubescent stage would appear possible for only seven boys.
In the absence of additions to the homogenate, the product formed is an iodinated particulate protein (Fawcett and Kirkwood, 1953;
In the thyroid gland it appears that proteins (chiefly thyroglobulin) are iodinated and that free tyrosine and thyronine are not iodinated.
There is some reason to think that thyroglobulin synthesis may proceed independently of iodination, for in certain transplantable tumours of the rat thyroid containing essentially no iodinated thyroglobulin, a protein that appears to be thyroglobulin has been observed in ultracentrifuge experiments (Wolff, Robbins and Rall, 1959).
There is no conclusive evidence yet that either of the proteases has been prepared in highly purified form nor is their specificity known.
Antithyroid drugs
The anterior lobe of the pituitary then responds by an increased output of TSH, causing the thyroid to enlarge.
Besides the presence of goitrogens in the diet, the level of iodine itself in the diet plays a major role in governing the activity of the thyroid gland.
B.
This connection was clarified by Smith and Smith (1922), who showed that saline extracts of fresh bovine pituitary glands could re-activate the atrophied thyroids of hypophysectomised tadpoles.
First, is the circulating form of the hormone the same as that found in the gland where it is synthesised and stored?
Standard preparations and units of thyroid-stimulating activity
Splenomegaly was first noted in 1956, and a sternal marrow biopsy at that time showed "scattered foci of fibrosis" suggestive of myelofibrosis.
the hemoglobin was 10.6 gm.
Electromyography revealed no evidence of lower motor neuron disease.
In May 1959, prednisone, 30 mg. daily, replaced the dexamethasone.
On July 4, 1959, the patient developed marked abdominal pain and distension, went into shock, and died.
Many of the myocardial fibers were hypertrophied and had large, irregular, basophilic nuclei.
The endothelial cells lining the sinusoids were prominent, and many contained large quantities of hemosiderin.
A careful search failed to show occlusion of any of the mesenteric vessels.
Microscopically, both kidneys showed many small cortical scars in which there was glomerular and interstitial fibrosis, tubular atrophy, and an infiltration of lymphocytes and plasma cells.
The muscles of the extremities, chest wall, neck, and abdominal wall were soft, pale, and atrophic.
In contrast to the nuclear changes described above, another change in muscle nuclei was seen, usually occurring in fibers that were somewhat smaller than normal but that showed distinct cross-striations and myofibrillae.
(2) The conjugates as well as the intermediate sera were absorbed for 30 minutes with 20 - 50 mg of proteins extracted from healthy sweet clover stems.
The sections were then thawed by placing a finger under the slide and dried under a fan for 30 minutes;
Direct method.
specificity of staining
Two absorptions of Af with ethyl acetate or two absorptions of Af (which had been passed through Dowex-2-chloride), NS and Af with crown gall tissue powder, or mouse liver powder did not further improve the specificity of staining.
The specificity of staining in WTV tumors with Af and Af but not with NS and Af or with antiserum to potato yellow-dwarf virus and Af, and the absence of such staining in crown gall tumor tissue from sweet-clover, indicate that an antigen of WTV was being stained.
Sections of tumors incited by WTV were not similarly stained with conjugated normal serum or conjugated antiserum to potato yellow-dwarf virus.
Frequently a few isolated thick-walled cells or, rarely, groups of such cells in the xylem region, were also specifically stained, but there was no such staining in epidermis, cortex, most xylem cells, ray cells, or pith.
After Af and Af were passed through Dowex-2-chloride twice and treated twice with healthy sweet clover tissue powder, nonspecific staining was greatly reduced but a disturbing amount of such staining was still present.
The concentration and apparent localization of the WTV antigen in pseudophloem tissue of the tumor may indicate that the virus preferentially multiplies in the phloem and may need to be directly placed in this tissue in order to infect plants.
It should be added that in man neocortical-hypothalamic interrelations probably play a role in the fusion of emotional processes with those underlying perception, memory, imagination, and creativity.
Consequently, if for any reason the hypothalamic excitability falls below the physiological level, the lessened hypothalamic-cortical discharges lead to a diminished state of activity in the cortex with consequent reduction in the cortico-fugal discharges.
Of particular importance is the study of the actions of drugs in this respect.
This explains the beneficial effect of electroshock therapy in certain depressions and a shift in the reaction from hypo- to normal reactivity of the sympathetic system as shown by the Mecholyl test.
Furthermore, conditioned reactions are fundamentally altered when the hypothalamic sympathetic reactivity is augmented beyond a critical level, and several types of behavioral changes probably related to the degree of central autonomic "tuning" are observed.
The foregoing remarks imply that the hypothalamic balance plays a crucial role at the crossroads between physiological and pathological forms of emotion.
The pain became thus the symbol for food and elicited salivary secretion (conditioned reflex).
The psychological incompatibility of these emotional states seems to be reflected in, or based on, this marked difference.
We can do this through the characteristic values and vectors of T in certain special cases, i.e., when the minimal polynomial for T factors over the scalar field F into a product of distinct monic polynomials of degree 1.
One sees that this happens because the null space of Af has dimension 1 only.
Let p be the minimal polynomial for T, Af, where the Af, are distinct irreducible monic polynomials over F and the Af are positive integers.
For each i, let Af.
Conversely, suppose that **ya is in the null space of Af.
It is easily seen that Af divides G.
The reader should be familiar enough with projections by now so that he sees that Af and in general that Af.
Proof.
for, using the fact that N and N'commute Af and so when R is sufficiently large every term in this expression for Af will be 0.
Corollary.
In the primary decomposition theorem, it is not necessary that the vector space V be finite dimensional, nor is it necessary for parts (A) and (B) that P be the minimal polynomial for T.
In other words, if F satisfies the differential equation Af, then F is uniquely expressible in the form Af where Af satisfies the differential equation Af.
Thus F satisfies Af if and only if F has the form Af.
A trained marksman shooting five rounds at a target, all under practically the same conditions, may hit the bull's-eye from 0 to 5 times.
In the examples above, the occurrence of a bull's-eye, a straight-haired mouse, or an ace could be called a "success".
Or, what amounts to the same thing, if one die is tossed three times, each toss is a trial, and the three tosses form the experiment.
1 time?
Below we use our earlier examples to describe and illustrate these four properties.
Here the number of trials is a random variable, not a fixed number.
We classify mice as "straight-haired" or "wavy-haired", but a hairless mouse appears.
The trials are independent.
Consider couples visiting an art museum.
Each performance of an n-trial binomial experiment results in some whole number from 0 through N as the value of the random variable X, where Af.
that is, we may discuss the phenomenon in terms of its departures from the binomial model.
Binomial distributions were treated by James Bernoulli about 1700, and for this reason binomial trials are sometimes called Bernoulli trials.
Consider a simple, closed, plane curve C which is a real-analytic image of the unit circle, and which is given by Af.
As S increases we consider the two free corner points of the square, Af and Af, adjacent to P and Q respectively.
We note that two such curves C and Af, cannot coincide at more than a finite number of points;
There are two types of such intersections, depending essentially on whether the curves cross at the point of intersection.
In the f-plane the coordinates of the corresponding point are Af.
Therefore, Af is single-valued near Q.
A tangent point Q in the C-plane occurs when C and Af are tangent to one another.
In the neighborhood of an end point of an interval of tangent points in the f-plane the function is two-valued or no-valued on one side, and is a single-valued function consisting entirely of tangent points on the other side.
.
We have shown that the graph of F contains at least one component whose inverse is the entire interval {0,T}, and whose multiplicity is odd.
The values Af are the ordinary values at Af of a multi-valued function g{t} which has components corresponding to those of f{t}.
These are defined by a simple involutorial transformation of the points in which a general line meets a nonsingular quadric surface bearing a curve of symbol Af.
For if it did, the plane of L and l'would contain two generators of Af, which is impossible.
It is interesting that a 1: 1 correspondence can be established between the lines of two such pencils, so that in a sense a unique image can actually be assigned to each tangent.
Now the only way in which all curves of the image family of Af can pass through a fixed point is to have a generator of Af which is not a secant but a tangent of **zg, for then any point on such a generator will be transformed into the point of tangency.
2.
Thus it follows that the secants of **zg are all invariant.
In the first case the fixed elements within each pencil are the multiple secant and the line joining the vertex, P, to the intersection of **zg and the plane of the pencil which does not lie on the multiple secant.
However, if there is no additional complex of singular lines, the order of the image regulus of a pencil is precisely Af.
National leaders will have to display the highest skills of statesmanship to guide their people through times of uncertainty and confusion which destroy men's sense of identity.
but this obligation pertains only to countries which are honestly seeking to become responsible members of a stable and forward-moving world community.
For example, in accordance with the fashion of the times, most transitional societies have announced economic development plans of varying numbers of years;
We should encourage the governments to develop their own technical assistance to communities, state and provincial governments, rural communities, and other smaller groups, making certain that no important segment of the economy is neglected.
Land reform programs need to be supplemented with programs for promoting rural credits and technical assistance in agriculture.
On the economic front, the first priority of these countries is to mobilize a vastly increased volume of resources.
even the famed Indian Civil Service is not fully adequate to the tremendous range of tasks it has undertaken.
It should attempt to communicate both an appreciation of professional standards and an understanding of the tremendous powers and potentialities of genuinely open and pluralistic societies.
It must be marked by a patience and persistence which have not always been its trademark.
Although the inner functions of religion are not of direct significance in social organization, they have important indirect consequences.
The chief experience is the sensing of communion, and in the higher religions, of a harmonious relationship with the supernatural power.
Religion at its best also offers the experience of spiritual fulfillment by inviting man into the highest realm of the spirit.
He is confronted with the recurrent crises, such as great natural catastrophes and the great transitions of life -- marriage, incurable disease, widowhood, old age, the certainty of death.
Religion is vitally necessary in both societal maintenance and regulation.
Finally, it gives sanctity, more than human legitimacy, and even, through super-empirical reference, transcendent and supernatural importance to some values;
Religion integrates and unifies.
The credo unifies and socializes men by attaching them completely to an identical body of doctrine;
and it is evidenced in the prayers offered, in the frequent religious allusions, and in the confirmation of points on religious grounds.
Historically, religion has also functioned as a tremendous engine of vindication, enforcement, sanction, and perpetuation of various other institutions.
and in modern societies such influence is still great.
On the anniversary of her father's death she poured out with agonized tears her feelings of guilt about not having attended his funeral.
The lack of awareness usually springs from deep but disguised anxiety, often assuming the superficial guise of "not knowing" or "not caring".
Here there is a specific preventive component which applies in a more generalized sense to any casework situation.
Finally, whatever the techniques used, a twin goal is common to all preventive casework service: to cushion or reduce the force of the stress impact while at the same time to encourage and support family members to mobilize and use their ego capacities.
For example, the level of improvement noted in a recent experiment with a short course of immediate treatment for parent-child relationship problems compared favorably with the results reported by typical child guidance clinics where the hours spent in purely diagnostic study may equal or exceed the number of hours devoted to actual treatment interviews in the experimental project.
Ideally, brief treatment should be arrived at as a treatment of choice rather than as a treatment of chance.
The preferential mating of this particular population has been analyzed in a separate study.
Norms.
There is some indication from a limited number of interviews with members of the population that the element of power, primarily the voluntary influence of non-authoritative power, has been exerted on actors in the system, particularly in regard to mate selection.
The adherence of many in the population to the Indian background in their pedigree, and emphasis upon the fact that their ancestors had never been slaves, becomes of prime interest in determining how far these elements promote the self-image of the intermediate status of the group in society.
2.
The scope of this study does not provide for the study of roles of various types within the larger system or within the subgroups.
This provides the necessary contact with the larger society, while supporting a type of control over members in terms of social contacts.
Of particular utility in the analysis of the development, persistence, and change of social systems has been the use of the master or comprehensive processes.
5.
Urbanization appears to be an important factor in the disintegration of this group.
Examples from this population indicate that deviance seems to be sanctioned by ostracism from the group.
"Increased boundary maintenance may be achieved, for example, by assigning a higher primacy or evaluation to activities characteristic of the external pattern.
But specific procedures for carrying out this plan were left to the discretion of the provincial governors.
Different cards are used for males and females, and a corner is clipped from the cards of adults, and of children when they reach puberty.
The results of these inquiries were used to adjust compilations of data from the registers and to provide various ratios and rates by districts, including birth and death rates, general fertility rates, distributions by marital status, fertility of wives separately in polygynous and non-polygynous households, infant mortality, and migration.
it had reached the pre-war level of efficiency by 1951.
Its findings are reported each year in its Rapport Sur l'activite Pendant annee (Bruxelles).
However, the statistical offices of both governments were assigned responsibility for the planning and analysis of these statistics.
These are as follows: (1) field work procedures.
Higher proportions were sampled in urban and mixed communities than in rural areas.
The population registration system still has important functions.
the results were still being processed in 1959.
However, all admitted that the "hindsight" was not altogether lost.
But the weight of feeling was heavily in the opposite direction.
This has subsequently been verified by the experience.
After that, we began to get "visitors" to class.
He did build a framework of academic "respectability", and one which did not encroach upon the "sacred sovereignty" of any other existing campus course.
Since they are all either rented or borrowed, the requested dates for their use have to be far in advance.
In fact, they often revamped their social activities to include class members previously unknown.
Not until the group was satisfied in this area were they willing to venture further to (2), Specific adjustment areas, such as sex, in-laws, religion, finance, and so on.
This added a personal zest to class discussions and participation.
In fact, we had one birth before the end of the course, and another student had to take the final examiantion a week early, just to be on the safe side.
These were the same subjects who were given the Rorschach test.
individual differences
The subjects were only given information about other possibilities of "normal" reaction.
A suggestion Hypothesis also seems inadequate as an explanation for those who shifted their reactions after they were informed of the possibilities of "normal" reactions different from those which they gave.
After two drinks containing alcohol, her arm flew upward very freely.
One subject spontaneously asked (after her arm had finally risen), "Do you suppose I was unconsciously keeping it down before"?
but rather that they could be diminished sufficiently not to interfere with arm-levitation.
There was a significantly greater number in this group who reported a desk as being in a tilted position while a tennis ball resting on it remained stationary on the incline.
Control of socioeconomic status
Therefore, third-grade children were chosen as subjects for this study.
Rating scale of compulsivity
Measurement of anxiety
In theory, compulsive behavior is a way of diminishing anxiety, and one might expect a negative association except for the possibility that for many children the obsessive-compulsive defenses are not sufficient to quell the amount of anxiety they suffer.
The Wechsler Intelligence Scale For Children was administered to each sample third-grade child by a clinical worker.
Results
We speculate that compulsives in the unstructured schools are under greater strain because of the lack of systemization in their school setting, but that their need to organize (for comfort) is so intense that they struggle to induce the phonic rules and achieve in spite of the lack of direction from the environment.
While high anxiety children achieve significantly less well (Af) in the unstructured school than do low anxiety children, they appear to do at least as well as the average in the structured classroom.
By the time the child first attacks the actual problem of reading, he is completely familiar and at ease with all of the elements of words.
Up to this point stress has been placed on roleplaying in terms of individuals.
Roleplaying was offered as a solution -- and the procedure worked as follows: all candidates were invited to a hotel conference room, where the president explained the difficulty he had, and how unnecessary it seemed to him to hire people who just did not work out.
and so did the observers consisting of the president, three of his salesmen and a psychologist.
All applicants were generally familiar with the work of the receptionist.
However, he turned out to be a complete failure in his new position.
He admitted his behavior, and defended it.
On playing some typical situations before a jury of his peers he showed some characteristics rated as unsatisfactory.
These errors were then collected and written on a blackboard, condensing similar ideas.
Summary
Observers can see a person engaged in spontaneous behavior, and watch him operating in a totalistic fashion.
It is not easy for the therapist to discern when, in the patient's communicating, an introject has appeared and is holding sway.
At another phase in the therapy, when a pathogenic mother-introject began to emerge more and more upon the investigative scene, she muttered in a low but intense voice, to herself, "I hate that woman inside me"!
What had been an unmanageably powerful introject was now, despite its continuing charge of energy disconcerting to me, sufficiently within control of her ego that she could use it to show me what this introjected mother was like.
4.
A hebephrenic man used to give a repetitious wave of his hand a number of times during his largely-silent hours with his therapist.
Freeman, Cameron and McGhie, in their description of the disturbances of thinking found in chronic schizophrenic patients, say, in regard to condensation, that "the lack of adequate discrimination between the self and the environment, and the objects contained therein in itself is the prototypical condensation".
as he spoke I was reminded of the great bales of cargo which are swung, high in the air, from a docked steamship.
We propose a method for selecting only dictionary information required by the text being translated and a means for passing the information directly to the occurrences in text.
Text lookup, as we will describe it, consists of three steps.
Text reading continues with the next occurrence.
If Af leads to an address Af that is equal to the address computed from Af, even though Af does not match Af, the chain of information cells is extended from Af by storing the address of the next available cell in the Y-region, Af, in Af.
Text reading is terminated when a pre-determined number of forms have been stored in the text-form list.
If cell Af is an information cell, it and any information cells in the Y-region that have been linked to Af each contain an address in the W-region where a potentially matching form is stored.
A description of this process will serve to illustrate how any type of information can be retrieved from the dictionary and attached to each text occurrence.
Hence, the description of each text occurrence can be retrieved by reading the list of text-ordered information-cell addresses and outputting the description indicated by the information cell for each occurrence.
Equivalents could be assigned to the paradigm either at the time it is added to the dictionary or after the word has been studied in context.
In sentences, patterns of stress are determined by complex combinations of influences that can only be suggested here.
From the point of view of syntactic analysis the head word in the statement is the predicator has broken, and from the point of view of meaning it would seem that the trouble centers in the breaking;
Adverbial second complements, however, are likely not to have dominant stress when they terminate sentences.
Thus in a context in which there has been discussion of snow but mention of local conditions is new, dominant stress will probably be on here in it rarely snows here, but in a context in which there has been discussion of local weather but no mention of snow, dominant stress will probably be on snows.
If women replaced people, it would normally have dominant stress.
In we're painting at our garage strong stress on at indicates that the job being done is not real painting but simply an effort at painting.
Here again, in the written language it is possible to help the reader get his stresses right by using underlining or italics, but much of the time there is simply reliance on his understanding in the light of context.
Omission of a subordinator pronoun, however, does not result in an increase in stress on a prepositional adverb for which the subordinator pronoun would be object.
I can't be happy long without drinking water".
Syllables are genuine units, but division of words and sentences into them presents great difficulties.
The first is a wide-ranging sample of successful tonal analyses.
As these maladies overlap, so must the cure.
If, as I suspect, the problem is largely of the second sort, then development of a theory better able to handle tone will result automatically in better theory for all phonologic subsystems.
But in general the individual variation is a small thing added onto basic linguistic features of greater magnitude.
But no other two phonologic systems are as difficult to disentangle as are tone and intonation in some languages.
The inventory of tones is much smaller, and commonly the contrasts range along one single dimension, pitch level.
This hypothesis will account for a large part of the difficulties of tonal analysis, as well as the fact that vowel systems are often more puzzling than consonantal systems.
The result of this attitude has been the domination of many orthography conferences by such considerations as typographic'esthetics', which usually turns out to be nothing more than certain prejudices carried over from European languages.
Rather he weighs each phonologic fact in the light of its orthographic usefulness.
It does show one feature of the system that has not been previously described.
There are more stems per item in Athabascan, which expresses the fact that the Athabascan languages have undergone somewhat more change in diverging from proto-Athabascan than the Yokuts languages from proto-Yokuts.
I, one that was specifically adapted to the San Joaquin Valley.
(3) adjectives (16, 15 terms), ratios 3.9 versus 4.7;
The totals for these five categories are not too uneven, namely 20, 15, 11, 16, 9 respectively.
If the distribution of the 71 items were wholly concordant in the two families, the distance would of course be 0.
This second conclusion, independently arrived at by independent study of material from two pairs of language families as different and remote from one another as these four are, cannot be ignored.
The problem needs further exploration.
It is the urge to obtain a list as free of geographical and cultural conditioning as possible.
An elephant or a fox or a swan or a cocopalm or a banana possess in unusually high degree this quality of obvious, common-sense, indubitable identity, as do an eye or tooth or nail.
That is his privilege.
I would propose, first, an abandonment of attempts at a universal lexical list, as intrinsically unachievable, and operationally inadequate in proportion as it is achieved.
Starting in great force late in December, from a line stretching from East Prussia to Budapest, the Red armies had swept two hundred miles across Poland to the Oder, thirty miles from Berlin, and the Upper Danube region was being rapidly overrun, while the Western Allies had not yet occupied all of the left bank of the Rhine.
The West had long since forgotten the events of 1919, but it was not so easy for the Red leaders, who felt that they had suffered great injustice in that period.
However, there was no real question of the justice of creating a strong Poland, both industrially and agriculturally, and one unplagued by large minorities of Germans or Russians.
All "democratic and anti-Nazi parties" were to have the right to campaign.
Therefore, it is not only a question of honor but of life and death for the Soviet state".
Other similar affirmations in the Declaration on Liberated Europe seemed to assure democratic institutions on the Western model.
Yalta left us with comforting illusions of a Western capitalist-democratic political economy reigning supreme up to the Curzon line and the borders of Bessarabia" (Italics added)
Then China promptly went Communist, and Mr. Truman had to fight the interminable Korean war for the democratization of Korea before we learned how far our writ did "reach in Asia".
The second major aspect of the election is the actual procedure of registration, nomination and voting.
Since the complicated process of establishing new communes and reviewing the rudimentary plan left by the French did not even begin until the fall of 1957, this goal appears somewhat ambitious.
The parties were on the whole unprepared for elections, while the people were still experiencing post-independence let-down and suffering the after-effects of poor harvests in 1957.
From the rather tortuous history of electoral planning in Morocco an important point emerges concerning the first elections in a developing country and evaluating their results.
Both parties and the Ministry of the Interior were busily at work after the elections trying to unearth the political affiliations of the successful candidates and, thereby, give the elections a confidential but known degree of national political significance.
The Chamber of Commerce elections were, of course, an important event in the preparation for rural commune elections.
The bulk of the preparation had, of course, proceeded under the supervision of the Ministry of the Interior, whose officials are barred from party activity and probably generally disinterested in party politics.
Voter registration began in late November 1959 and continued until early January, 1960.
Some vocational training schools provide such training, but the current need exceeds the facilities.
Even the states remain primarily in an assisting role, providing leadership and teacher training.
No comparable measures are available of enrollments and expenditures for private vocational education training.
In Arkansas fewer than 6 per cent of the high schools offer trade and industrial courses.
They were operating in 10 of the 17 major areas of chronic labor surplus and in 10 of the minor areas.
Few states make effective use of their existing vocational education programs or funds for the purpose of attracting new industry.
The U. S. Office of Education continues to stress local surveys rather than national surveys.
A related question is whether unemployed workers can be motivated to take the training provided.
State governments have been taking the lead in establishing area vocational schools, but their focus is still on area job opportunities.
Such specialized training institutions could be located near the most rapidly growing industries, where the equipment and job experience exist and where the future employment opportunities are located.
Experience will show that only the vaguest generalities apply, and in fine, these merely dwell upon a relationship between the durations and intensities of events.
The theory behind this is, of course, fundamentalist in character.
And along Chicago's West Jackson Boulevard, La Salle Street, and around the Merchandise Mart Plaza there sit men who chart crop reports, who divide the number of reported lady-bugs by the number of reported green-bugs, and the number of hogs by the amount of corn.
According to the theory underlying odd-lot indices, the trader who trades odd lots is most likely a small trader, one who can't afford to trade round lots.
Similarly, at the opposite end of the market cycle, towards the end of an intermediate or major decline, usually while the bottom is being formed on the price chart, it is characteristic that an increase is noticed in odd-lot selling again alerting the chartist that a bottom is becoming a greater likelihood.
And while all concerned are members of the literal public, somewhat less than all concerned, although still a majority, form the quotation marked "public".
They are able to sit more patiently with what they have bought.
The study of odd-lot indices is somehow akin to the spectacle of a man trying to outfox his own shadow, what with all observers trying to get on the side of the "few" at the same time.
Mr. Alexander H. Wheelan's Study Helps In Point And Figure Technique tells the readers: "We assure you that the total number of people using this method of market analysis is a very small portion of the sum total of those operating in the securities and commodities markets".
By and large, what happens to business as a whole will govern the relationship between demand and supply conditions in the capital markets and will thus determine interest rates.
These signs are the inventories of unsold houses in some areas of the country and the moderate rise in vacancy rates for apartments (7.6% in September).
If the trend of general business activity follows the pattern suggested here, we are likely to see additional steps by the Federal Reserve authorities to ease the availability of credit.
It is pertinent to ask the question: Has the long upswing of interest rates during the past 15 years just about run its course, and are we now entering a period in which both capital market forces and Federal policies will produce a prolonged decline of interest rates?
(2)
This is an area in which there is still a large backlog of demand.
Indeed, the failure of home-building as a whole to respond this year to somewhat greater availability of mortgage financing, and the increasing reports of pockets of unsold homes and rising vacancy rates in apartment buildings, may also signal in part that the lush days of big backlog demand for housing are reaching an end.
The purpose of this paper is to analyze one possible force which has not been treated in the literature, but which we believe makes a significant contribution to explaining the wage-price behavior of a few very important industries.
Part 3, discusses the empirical relevance and policy implications of the conclusions.
B.
Industry product price policy
The entry-limiting price will also be raised for potential domestic competition, but unless general inflation permits profit margins to increase proportionately throughout the economy, we might expect the public-limit price to approach the entry-limit price.
The simple passage of an additional eleven months'time makes the second 3% boost more acceptable.
As we have noted, however, we are abstracting from changes in all determinants of this level except for changes in the wage rate.
The existence of conflict and of vigorous union demand for an increase in money wages does not contradict the assumption that the union is willing to settle for cost-of-living and productivity-share increases as distinct from a cost-raising increase in the basic wage rate.
we do so by disproving the presumption on which it is based.
second, it had to be compatible with the value system that they shared.
This Europeanization of the law was made explicit by a number of 19th century scholars.
A number of other nineteenth-century developments contributed to the transmutation of the law of nations into international law;
National identification was not new, but it was accelerating in intensity and scope throughout Europe as new unifications occurred.
Hidden behind Hegelian abstractions were more practical reasons for a changing jurisprudence.
Whereas the eighteenth century had been a time in which man sought justice, the nineteenth and twentieth have been centuries in which men are satisfied with law.
The theory did not require, though it unfortunately might acquire, a Hegelian mystique.
Indeed, contract was the dominant legal theme of the century, the touchstone of the free society.
Admiralty law, the law merchant, and the host of problems which arise in private litigation because of some contact with a foreign country were all severed from the older Law of Nations and made dependent on the several national laws.
One purpose of the change was to attain sympathetic enforcement of rights insured by the Civil War amendments against state interference.
This saved for state adjudication, in the first instance, the two major areas where federal injunctions had been most obnoxious, but other areas remained vulnerable.
But it is crucial that here, unlike Burford, the trial court was ordered to retain the case until the state courts had had a reasonable opportunity to settle the state-law question.
But they objected vigorously to the proposition that federal courts may refuse to exercise jurisdiction conferred in a valid act of Congress:
The Lincoln Mills decision authorizes a whole new body of federal "common law" which, as Mr. Justice Frankfurter pointed out in dissent, leads to one of the following "incongruities": "((1) conflict in federal and state court interpretations of collective bargaining agreements;
If Congress wants to displace the states from areas which they have customarily occupied, let it do so knowingly and explicitly.
He will not be "fooled by technicalities".
Subject to certain constitutional restraints in favor of fair trials, each level of government is free to devise its own judicial procedures.
Federal law, though invoked in a State court, delimits the Federal claim -- defines what gives a right to recovery and what goes to prove it.
or allowing a deduction for payment of certain obligations of a transferor assumed in the reorganization (section 381(c)(16)), but not a deduction for theft losses sustained by a transferor prior to a reorganization but discovered after it;
and in at least one instance, involving refund claims, it might be contrary to another provision of the United States Code.
Exceptions are often classified as transfers by "operation of law".
The Treasury arrives at substantially the same conclusion, but skirts the problem of section 203 of the United States Code.
In a B reorganization, followed by a section 332 liquidation, those cases which hold that section 203 is inapplicable to transfers in liquidation appear to permit the successor corporation to sue for refund of taxes paid by the transferor.
Nor is it at all likely that a "desperate" claim against the Government will be assigned on a contingent-fee basis in the guise of a tax-free reorganization.
The parent of a group filing consolidated returns might be treated as the same corporation following a reorganization defined in section 368(a)(1), but as a different corporation for this purpose after a tax-free acquisition by another corporation which had not, for example, elected to file consolidated returns with its own subsidiaries.
It is an averaging device intended to ease the tax burden of fluctuating income;
While the method of interviewing a small number of companies was appealing because of the opportunity it might have furnished to probe fully the reasons and circumstances of a company's practices and opinions, it also involved the risk of paying undue attention to the unique and peculiar problems of just a few individual companies.
Finally, there is the question of how strongly an expressed opinion is held -- whether it is a firm opinion or one that the respondent favors only slightly over the alternatives.
The major sections of the questionnaire (see Appendix B) are devoted to the following: 1.
It is interesting to note that 75 per cent of those who returned the questionnaire identified themselves.
Fifty of the 100 firms were selected on a random basis from 3,500 names submitted by member companies of the Aerospace Industries Association (AIA list) and fifty were selected in a similar manner from a list of 1,500 names compiled by the research team from the Thomas Register (TR list).
Three lists of companies were made and used in the study.
By these steps the final AIA list was reduced from 8,000 to 3,500.
The control sample was selected by taking the bottom name of each of the two columns of names on each page of the alphabetical listing of manufacturers in the Thomas Register.
The first test mailing (to 14 companies) was made in June, 1960.
Processing the returns
The returns from companies classified as large businesses were set aside and not used because they were not relevant to a study of the opinions and practices of small firms.
We have sought to be strictly neutral as between the parties, but at the same time we have been required frequently to rule on specific issues or situations as they arose.
Regardless of where personal sympathies may lie as between the parties, failure to recognize these changed conditions would be to ignore the facts of life.
Infrequently do we think of it as a living, continuing, operating control over the system.
With respect to positions not covered by subparagraph (1) or (2) of this paragraph, any individual may be referred to a place of employment in which a labor dispute exists, provided he is given written notice of such dispute prior to or at the time of his referral.
Employer representatives have contended that the Secretary has gone beyond his authority by such a prohibition, on the grounds that the Wagner-Peyser Act requires only written notice to the prospective worker that a dispute exists.
However, the Federal Court held that since the State had accepted the provisions of the Wagner-Peyser Act into its own Code, and presumably therefore also the regulations, it was now a State matter.
It is not binding upon another Superior Court, which could rule to the contrary.
The ramifications of the issue are enormous.
Should it be defined in a narrow sense to include only such elements as job specifications, union membership, union jurisdiction, and the like?
One experiment showed the greatest one-year difference occurring between the eleventh and twelfth years.
Concerning this responsibility of the teacher, suggestions for helping children gain better control of the emotions are presented in Chapter 11.
more effective solutions include explanations, the example of another child, or conditioning by associating the feared object, place, or person with something pleasant.
Although no national norms exist for the social development of children, the teacher can find a great deal of information concerning types of social behavior normally displayed by children at various age levels.
In early childhood the choice of a companion is likely to be for another child of his own age or a year or two older, who can do the things he likes to do;
girls, who are more mature than boys, frown upon the youthful antics of boys of their own age.
The child in the primary grades can play harmoniously with one companion, but his desire to be first in everything gets him into trouble when the group gets larger;
It is the classroom teacher, however, who has daily contacts with pupils, and who is in a unique position to put sound psychological principles into practice.
These maladjustments in turn inhibit learning, and a vicious cycle is completed.
A vision handicap that may produce nervous tension and reading disability for one child may spur another child on to even greater achievement in reading.
This section deals with some of the sources of information that can be tapped by the classroom teacher;
The Summary Report On Desegregation Progress In Education In The Middle-South Region, 1959 - 1960" clearly shows two pieces of information.
First Kentucky.
As a result of the State Board of Education plan, Negro children entered heretofore white elementary schools in five districts.
Knowledge that thousands of school districts are involved and observation that school desegregation has occurred in only a handful in 1959-1960 leads to a conclusion that desegregation-from-court-order is slow.
All of this must be taken into account before the image of an "all-Negro" D.C. public school system is conjured up.
Second, as we increase the number of desegregated school districts and schools themselves, how can we achieve this action through school board action?
This is a problem, but we are not divided over its importance or by its existence.
On the other hand, looking at the larger picture, is it true that pupil assignment has effectively cut off, blocked, or reduced school desegregation to a "trickle"?
The plaintiff in school desegregation cases.
Withholding of funds to schools that deny children on account of race.
Is public education in this American democracy of such importance that no child should be denied public education?
If, on the other hand, it is not settled, or while it is being debated and resolved, does the Federal government have a responsibility in situations like that in Prince Edward County?
The few cases of clear favoritism along social-class lines are as likely as not to involve representatives of the working class on the school board who favor some such practice as higher wages for janitors rather than pay increases for teachers, and such issues are not issues of educational policy.
The educational profession
In a set of case studies of teachers with various social-class backgrounds, Wattenberg illustrates a variety of approaches to students and to teaching which depend upon the teacher's personality as well as on his social-class background.
But another cause may lie in the experience of so many new postwar faculty members with their own use of education as a means of social advancement.
Nevertheless, their conclusions and recommendations cannot please everybody, and they often represent a particular economic or political point of view.
Then there are the trustees and officers of the great educational foundations, who inevitably exert an influence on educational decisions by their support or refusal to support various educational programs, experiments, and demonstrations.
Attempts to influence social structure through education
The reaffirmation of American faith in the comprehensive high school, as expressed in the Conant study, is another indication of the liveliness of the ideal of maximizing opportunity through the equalizing of educational opportunity.
1.
In recent years, this burden (which includes allowances for revenue deficiencies in the passenger business and in less-than-carload freight traffic!
Here no attempt is made, first to determine out-of-pocket or marginal costs and then to superimpose on these costs "reasonably distributed" residues of total costs.
In the first subtype, the analyst (following the practice of railroad analysis in this particular respect) distributes both total operating costs and total annual capital costs (including an allowance for "cost of capital" or "fair rate of return") among the different classes and units of service.
For the reason just suggested, I shall assume the use of the first subtype of fully distributed cost apportionment in the following simplified example.
A recognition of multiple cost functions is therefore required.
These are those operating and capital costs found to vary with number of customers regardless, or almost regardless, of power consumption.
This push to confine the study of mass behaviour to the measurements of parameters involved in differential equations has led sociology perilously close to the reduction of the word "mass" to mean a small group in which certain relations between all pairs of individuals in such a group can be studied.
A parallel function for philosophy is the study of the relation between perceptions experientially received and conceptions logically formed.
Such a position entails the negation of philosophy in its Platonic form as something soaring above and embracing the empirical and mathematical sciences.
Metaphysics is no longer a direct grappling with nature as it was in antiquity.
In the new situation, philosophy is able to provide the social sciences with the same guidance that mathematics offers the physical sciences, a reservoir of logical relations that can be used in framing hypotheses having explanatory and predictive value.
By clarifying fundamental premises in the social sciences, and defining the logical problems emergent at the borderlands of each new scientific discipline, philosophy can offer the sort of distinction that can accelerate growth in human understanding.
For as Merleau-Ponty indicated (1953), it is not the secret which is important, but the removal of secrecy.
The threadbare notion that belief, unlike behaviour, is not subject to objective analysis, has placed intuitive metaphysics squarely against the sociology of knowledge, since it is precisely the job of the sociology of knowledge to treat beliefs as social facts no less viable than social behaviour.
I think it must be said that, contrary to metaphysical insistence, these are questions so framed as to defy either empirical exploration or rational solutions.
Men have always lived in a tentative world, and in suspension of ultimate judgments where and when necessary.
This is the course the positivists took.
Let us take a set of circumstances in which I happen to be interested on the legislative side and in which I think every one of us might naturally make such a statement.
The pain of the rabbit was not itself bad;
The first argument is thus an ideal experiment in which we use the method of difference.
The suggestion that in saying something evil had occurred we were after all making no mistake, because we had never meant anyhow to say anything about the past suffering, seems to me merely frivolous.
I come now to a third argument, which again is very simple.
When we repeat the remark that such suffering was a bad thing, the feeling with which we made it last week may be at or near the vanishing point, but if we were asked whether we meant to say what we did before, we should certainly answer Yes.
In his novel The House Of The Dead, Dostoevsky tells of his experiences in a Siberian prison camp.
Would applause, for example, be fitting if, apart from the applause, there were nothing good to applaud?
it would bring goodness into the world.
The underlying assumption, of course, is that only sight and touch enable us, in any precise and fully dependable way, to locate objects in space beyond us, the other senses being decidedly inferior, if not totally inadequate, in this regard.
It is as follows: "The usual sensitivity tests showed that the specific qualities of skin-perceptiveness (pressure, pain, temperature), as well as the kinesthetic sensations (muscular feelings, feelings in the tendons and joints), were, as such, essentially intact, although they seemed, in comparison with normal reactions, to be somewhat diminished over the entire body.
It seems clear, when one takes into consideration the exceedingly defective eyesight of the patient (we shall describe it in detail in connection with our second question, the one concerning the psychical blindness of the patient), that he had to rely on his sense of touch much more than the usual portfolio-maker and that consequently that faculty was most probably more sensitive to shape and size than that of a person with normal vision.
Instead, he constantly became lost in parts and components of them, confused some of their details with those of neighboring objects, and so on, unless he allowed time to "trace" the object in question through minute movements of the head and hands and in this way to discover its contours.
Nor could he call up memory-pictures of close friends or relatives.
Men, trees, automobiles, houses, and so on -- objects continually confronted in everyday life -- had each its characteristic blot-appearance and became easily recognizable, at the very beginning of tracing, by an inference as to what each was.
Quite naturally, they make the investigation, first, by prohibiting the patient from making any movements at all and then, later, by repeating it and allowing the patient to move in any way he wanted to.
Throughout the work of the later ninth century a calm, severe serenity displays itself.
the Aegean world which had existed before 1000 differed from that which rises more clearly in our vision after 800.
These local variations were to become ever sharper in the next century and a half.
These are the centuries in which the inhabitants of the Aegean world settled firmly into their minds and into their institutions the foundations of the Hellenic outlook, independent of outside forces.
For this period, as for earlier centuries, pottery remains the most secure source;
The era, however, is Janus-faced.
Although it is not possible to sunder old and new in this era, I shall consider in the present chapter primarily the first decades of the eighth century and shall interpret them as an apogee of the first stage of Greek civilization.
but artists now were ready to refine and elaborate their inheritance.
In these respects the vases of the early eighth century represent a culmination of earlier lines of progress.
Thinking the evidence insufficient to get a conviction, he later released him.
They had traveled only a short distance when they spotted five Mexicans riding along a horse-trail across the stream just ahead of them.
Grabbing his Winchester from its sheath, Cook prepared to fight from behind the arroyo bank.
MacPherson boldly approached the fortified adobe house and demanded entrance.
Increasing threats on his life finally convinced Cook that he should leave New Mexico.
justice delayed;
He was promised that no harm would befall him if he would come out, but he cursed and replied that he would shoot any man coming near the door.
Finding it true that he was not inside, the deputies returned to the first house and tore holes through the side and the roof until they could see a body on the bed covered by a blanket.
The ten or more dangerous parties singled out for prosecution were still at large, and Pels realized that if these men entrenched themselves in their adobe houses, defending themselves through loopholes, it would be most difficult to capture them.
As new homes were built they were connected so that all residences south of School Street are served by it.
Manchester's unusual interest in telegraphy has often been attributed to the fact that the Rev. J. D. Wickham, headmaster of Burr and Burton Seminary, was a personal friend and correspondent of the inventor, Samuel F. B. Morse.
The line soon lived up to its name, as local messages of moderate length could be sent for a dime and the company was quickly able to declare very liberal dividends on its capital stock.
J. N. Hard, treasurer;
These were the years when people flocked to Manchester not only to play golf, which had come into vogue, but also to witness the Ekwanok Country Club tournaments.
After being located for some years in the Village at the Equinox Pharmacy under the supervision of Mrs. Harry Mercier, it is presently located in the Hill and Dale Shop, Manchester Center.
and a night operator was also employed.
Within a month, calls were up seventy per cent.
The next step was construction by the Manchester Light and Power Company of a plant on the west bank of the Battenkill south of Union Street bridge.
Manchester then had two competing power companies until 1904, when the Manchester Light and Power Company purchased the transmission system of the Vail Company.
More believed that a man could be both serious and gay.
More stands on the margins of modernity for one reason alone -- because he wrote Utopia.
we want to know what is perennially new about Utopia.
and More was far too well read not to have come across it in one or several of the forms thus given it.
In More's Utopia communism is not a means of separating out a warrior elite from the lumpish mass.
It did not serve to contrast the existing order of society with a possible alternative order, because the age of innocence was not a possible alternative once man had sinned.
In a properly ordered society the massive force of public law performs the function which in natural law theory ineptly is left altogether to a small voice so often still.
New, indeed, is Luther's perception, but not modern, as anyone knows who has ever tried to make intelligible to modern students what Luther was getting at.
It is not the details of Utopian communism that make Utopia modern, it is the spirit, the attitude of mind that informs those details.
On October 31, 1859, John Brown was found guilty of treason against the state of Virginia, inciting slave rebellion, and murder.
The editor of the Newport Advertiser could discover no evidence of extenuating circumstances in the Brown trial which would warrant making an exception to the infliction of capital punishment.
During the month of November hardly a day passed when there was not some mention of John Brown in the Rhode Island newspapers.
The Providence Daily Journal, however, stated that Brown's courage, bravery, and heroism "in a good cause would make a man a martyr;
He further called upon the people of Providence to rebuke the meeting and avoid disgrace.
the Reverend George T. Day, a Free-Will Baptist;
Woodbury's remarks were applauded by a portion of the audience several times and once there was hissing.
Resolved that his wrongs and bereavements in Kansas, occasioned by the violence and brutality of those who were intent on the propagation of slavery in that territory, call for a charitable judgment upon his recent efforts in Virginia to undermine the despotism from which he had suffered, and commend his family to the special sympathy and aid of all who pity suffering and reverence justice.
These areas, by virtue of their abrupt density of pattern, stated the literal surface with such new and superior force that the resulting contrast drove the simulated printing into a depth from which it could be rescued -- and set to shuttling again -- only by conventional perspective;
(It makes no real difference that Braque's collage is on paper and eked out in charcoal, while Picasso's is on canvas and eked out in oil.
In the upper center of Braque's first collage, Fruit Dish (in Douglas Cooper's collection), a bunch of grapes is rendered with such conventionally vivid sculptural effect as to lift it practically off the picture plane.
Planes defined as parallel to the surface also cut through it into real space, and a depth is suggested optically which is greater than that established pictorially.
and as the aspect of the subject was transposed into those clusters of more or less interchangeable and contour-obliterating facet-planes by which plasticity was isolated under the Cubist method, the subject itself became largely unrecognizable.
Left in their previous atom-like smallness, they would have cut away too abruptly into depth;
But even before that, Picasso had glimpsed and entered, for a moment, a certain revolutionary path in which no one had preceded him.
It is hard to believe that this mass of intertwined concrete constitutes what the law calls "the highest and best use" of centrally located urban land.
In ever greater numbers, factories are locating in the suburbs or in "industrial parks" removed from the city's political jurisdiction.
But anybody who promises a substantial volume of business can get a railroad to run a short spur to his plant these days, and many businesses can live without the railroad.
They are segregated businesses, combining again on one site the factory and the office, drawing their work force from segregated communities.
These stores are still there, but the volume of the "downtown store" has been on a relative decline, while in many cities the suburban "branch" sells more and more dry goods.
Moreover, the cost of operations is always high in any new store, as the conservative bankers who act as controllers for retail giants are beginning to discover.
If anything may be predicted in the quicksilver world of retailing, it seems likely that the suburban branch will come to dominate children's clothing (taking the kid downtown is too much of a production), household gadgetry and the discount business in big-ticket items.
In their book, American Skyline, Christopher Tunnard and Henry Hope Reed argue that Franklin Roosevelt's New Deal was what made the modern suburb a possibility -- a fine ironical argument, when you consider how suburbanites tend to vote.
Constantino Brumidi designed the decorative scheme as a whole, in collaboration with the architect Charles U. Walter, at the time when plans were being made to replace the wooden dome of Bullfinch with the present much larger iron structure.
These may be consulted in the office of the Architect of the Capitol, or the Library of Congress.
and we were able to decide on some amplification of scale.
This brown is sometimes so rich in medium as to appear to be oil paint.
For convenience we chose a stronger pigment, unknown to the early Italians or to Brumidi, titanium oxide, reserving the active lime white for highest lights, put on at the end of the day's stint.
The new part is finished.
Here he put a small man, whose missing hands might have left his function doubtful, until comparison with the first sketches showed that when the artist came back to the beginning, this was to be the closing figure of the party of "forty-niners", and was to hold a basket.
A second assistant mopped with two sponges.
The greatest source of trouble was rain which had repeatedly flowed from openings above, soaking the surface and leaving streaks of dissolved lime, very conspicuous even after cleaning, particularly in the "Landing of Columbus", "Oglethorpe and the Indians", and "Yorktown".
I can well understand your curiosity.
I encountered many questions and great interest upon my return from the Soviet Union about my reactions to that experience.
Artists and poets are the raw nerve-ends of humanity;
One had taken a flight into uncharted space, in the service of science, to return as a living hero.
After a while we were perhaps less surprised, but still puzzled, when a friendly discussion would suddenly jump the track into the most irrelevant and illogical comparisons.
It was only after we had responded, with what I fear were similar cliches, that she went into action by questioning our desire for friendship and understanding with a challenge about aggressive and warlike actions by the U.S. Government in Cuba and Laos.
Artists simply do not talk to each other in that fashion;
Your present history is equally admirable for its industrial and scientific achievements.
Its scope is as broad as the question: What does it mean to live in modern society?
I mention these features of the book because they are inherent in the book's character and therefore must be mentioned.
How widespread is alienation?
Three examples follow.
Starting from other value premises than Fromm's, some analysts might conclude that the percentages really tell us very little at all, while others might even conclude that the figures are remarkably low.
"Are people happy, are they as satisfied, unconsciously, as they believe themselves to be?
) Starting from this, and accepting his estimate of the iniquities of modern society, it would follow that the really disturbing evidence of alienation would be that of a work-satisfaction survey which reported widespread, stated worker satisfaction, rather than widespread, stated worker dissatisfaction.
There is nothing remarkable about this at all.
these, almost by definition, are spokesmen for an alienated ideology.
such composers as Monteverdi, Lully and Purcell, with the same goal in mind, had developed styles of recitative sensitively attuned to their own languages.
each musical setting has an individual touch.
The original D minor seems to symbolize blindness, inescapable in spite of all attempts to move away from it.
The Song Of Kazan, in which this figure becomes a wild-sounding accompaniment, fills in the picture of undisciplined high spirits.
Musically and dramatically, Rangoni is as far removed from the conventional monk as Varlaam.
Curiously, this scene is a close parallel to one that Verdi was writing at the same time, the scene between Amonasro and Aida.
Coming from a priest, the music sounds as odd as the advice:
we are reminded of this at the end of the next scene, when his theme cuts through the warmth of the love duet, again throwing a chill over the atmosphere.
In many passages -- for example, the council of boyars -- each section of the chorus becomes a character group with a particular opinion.
then the people strike up their song with even more fervor than before, ending it with a wail of despair.
In addition, it is an important link in the plot, giving us a revealing glimpse of the people's attitude toward Boris and the false Dimitri.
For critics, Hardy has had no poetic periods -- one does not speak of early Hardy or late Hardy, or of the London or Max Gate period, but simply of Hardy, as of a poetic monolith.
There is only one sense in which it is valid to talk about Hardy's development: he did develop toward a more consistent and more effective control of that tone which we recognize as uniquely his.
From the dated poems we can venture certain conclusions about Hardy's career in poetry, always remembering that conclusions based on a fraction of the whole must remain tentative.
The first productive period came when he was considering poetry as a vocation, before he had decided to write fiction for a living (in his note for Who's Who he wrote that he "wrote verses 1865 - 1868;
the death of Emma Hardy in 1912, which had a profound emotional effect on Hardy for which he found release in poetry;
Almost anyone could have written it;
like an ominous bird a-wing", or "wrings with wrong", or would describe a winter sun as "God-curst".
The "Poems of 1912 - 13" offer a good example of Hardy's style as it was manifested in the later productive decade.
the fire of love is dead, and Hardy stands, as the speaker does in the last poem of the sequence, over the burnt circle of charred sticks, and thinks of past happiness and present grief, honest and uncomforted.
The last time I saw Bird, at Jimbo's Bob City, he was so gone -- so blind to the world -- that he literally sat down on me before he realized I was there.
As artists, they were very similar.
To Dylan and Bird it was an agony and terror.
I think all this could apply to Parker just as well, although, because of the nature of music, it is not demonstrable -- at least not conclusively.
This is true of the melodic line which could be put together from selected passages of almost anybody -- Benny Carter, Johnny Hodges.
Again, contrary to popular belief, there is nothing crazy or frantic about Parker either musically or emotionally.
Parker and Pollock wanted to substitute a work of art for the world.
In fact, his only disciple -- the only person to imitate his style -- was W. S. Graham, who seems to have imitated him without much understanding, and who has since moved on to other methods.
I doubt if anyone holds such ideas today.
It is curious that at its best, the work of this school of painting -- Mark Rothko, Jackson Pollock, Clyfford Still, Robert Motherwell, Willem De-Kooning, and the rest -- resembles nothing so much as the passage painting of quite unimpressive painters: the mother-of-pearl shimmer in the background of a Henry McFee, itself a formula derived from Renoir;
There is just more to Tiepolo.
That such a tradition lies behind The Iliad and The Odyssey, at least, is hard to deny.
The poet in a written tradition who generally never blots a line may once in a while pause and polish without incurring blame.
But we can say that since a writing poet, with leisure before him, would seem unlikely to invent a technique based upon frequent and substantial circumlocution, the kennings like the epithets must reasonably be ascribed to an oral tradition.
Words or phrases that connoisseurs have admired as handsome or ironic or humorous must therefore lose merit and become regarded as mere inevitable time-servers, sometimes accurate and sometimes not.
A long evolution in an oral tradition caused the poetic language of the heroic age to be based upon formulas that show the important qualities of things, and these formulas are therefore potentially rather than always actually accurate.
The epic language was not entirely the servant of the poet;
In lieu of the amanuensis to the blind or illiterate bard, one may conceive of a man who heard a vast store of oral poetry recited, and became intimately familiar with the established aids to poetizing, and himself wrote his own compositions or his edition of the compositions of the past.
if any words or phrases are formulaic, they will be.
Mr. Jaggers habitually bites his forefinger, a gesture which conveys both contempt and the inscrutable abstractedness that half fascinates, half terrifies all who have dealings with him.
The novel opens with a fugitive convict frantically trying to avoid the nemesis of being "laid hands on" -- a mysterious figure who looks into Pip's frightened eyes in the churchyard "as if he were eluding the hands of the dead people, stretching up cautiously out of their graves, to get a twist upon his ankle and pull him in".
Pip himself is to feel the terror of Orlick's "murderous hand" in his secret rendezvous at the sluicehouse on the marshes.
Money, so important a theme elsewhere in Dickens, is here central, and hands are often associated in some way with the false values -- acquisitiveness, snobbery, self-interest, hypocrisy, toadyism, irresponsibility, injustice -- that attach to a society based upon the pursuit of wealth.
In both cases the finger-post represents Pip's heightened awareness of contrary magnetisms.
The declarative operation EQU is used to equate symbolic names to item numbers (see page 85).
If a continuation card follows a statement that does not permit continuation cards, the compiler will generate a NOP and issue an error message.
Both index words and electronic switches may have been made unavailable before the start of assignment in one of the following ways.
The first two methods apply to both index words and electronic switches;
by means of an origin statement which refers to an actual address, the corresponding index word will be reserved.
If the compiler finds that there are no more electronic switches available for assignment, the warning message "No More Electronic Switches Available" will be placed in the object program listing, the table will be altered to show that electronic switches 1 through 30 are available, and assignment will continue as before.
DA, DC, DTF, and DLINE require more than one entry.
As many as ten digital switches may be named and provided by the DSW statement for consideration by the SETSW and logic macro-instructions.
Each tape file must be described by Tape File Specifications, produced by Aj.
The basic format of the DIOCS statement is as follows: anylabel is any symbolic label;
When an actual index word or a symbolic address is specified, Autocoder will equate IOCSIXG to it.
Later, Eckenfelder increased the efficiency of treatment to between 75 and 85 per cent in the summer months.
It was possible to maintain aerobic conditions in the pond by regular additions of sodium nitrate until the temperature decreased and the algae population changed from blue-green to green algae.
The major contributor was a shopping center with houses being added to the system as the subdivision developed.
Composite samples were collected at weekly intervals.
The BOD of the influent to the pilot plant varied between 110 and 710 mg/l with an average of 350 Aj.
It seems that the aerated lagoon was a very heavily loaded oxidation pond or a lightly loaded activated sludge system.
The oxygen uptake rate in the mixed liquor averaged 0.8 mg/l/hr during the first four months of this study.
It was found that the aerated lagoon was an activated sludge system rather than an oxidation pond.
The predomination of free swimming ciliated protozoa is indicative of a high bacterial population.
Five of the tests were conducted with a polyethylene cover to simulate an ice cover.
The BOD data are given in Table 4.
The last category overlaps the others in amphibious operations and near terminals and bases.
intelligence on the environment will come from the recently augmented program in oceanography.
This is stated to emphasize the necessity for an over-all concept of submarine defense, one which would provide positions of relative importance to ASW elements based on projected potentialities.
The result, coupled with the salesmanship for which American industry is famous, is considerable expenditure of funds and efforts in marginal areas.
Logically, then, the first principle of the plan must be that it is not rigidly oriented toward any geographical area.
Therefore, the third principle of the plan must be that it does not depend for effectiveness on engagement by the same types, unless at an assured favorable exchange rate.
Elements used in combination will increase the over-all capability more than the sum of the capabilities of the individual elements.
it must be flexible enough to allow for technological breakthroughs, scientific progress, and changes in world conditions.
Intelligence, as used herein, will include information on possible opponents and on the environment which can affect operations.
Approaching this problem on a statistical basis is invalid, because the opponent has the same sources available and will be encountered not under average conditions, but under the conditions most advantageous to him.
By its nature it has always been of great psychological advantage and small efforts have required considerably greater counter-efforts.
Systems covering the Gulf of St. Lawrence and possibly the entire coasts of the United States are not impossible.
In addition, proposals for fixed installations should be carefully weighed against a counterpart mobile system.
Vigorous acid hydrolysis of metabolite 1, destroyed the biological activity of the compound and liberated two aryl amines.
The effects can be related to the structure of this enzyme.
This unusual collagen also was shown to undergo a reversible thermal phase transformation.
-- In a physiochemical study of seed proteins, the globulins of the Brazil nut have been investigated.
-- An extensive series of measurements was made on a high-density polyethylene in a torsion pendulum instrument using forced sinusoidal oscillation, free vibration, and creep measurements over the temperature range of Af to 80-degrees-C.
Australites (tektites from Australia) give the appearance of a second melting.
Impact glasses not containing elemental nickel-iron may have been produced by stony meteorites or comets.
The coordination complexes formed by transition metals with primary and secondary phosphines and arsines are being investigated (R. G. Hayter).
The various stress-temperature coefficients for constancy of volume and strain, constancy of pressure and strain, and constancy of pressure and length have been interrelated.
Limitations on the lengths of these sequences diminish the stability of the comparatively short crystallites which can be formed, and this is reflected in a broadening of the melting range.
-- One of the principal aims of anionic polymerization techniques is the synthesis of polymers of extremely narrow molecular weight distribution.
The compilation work was undertaken by a number of interested crystallographers in the Department of Mineralogy of the University Museum at Oxford.
Volume 3, in preparation, will treat the anorthic compounds described in Groth's Chemische Krystallographie.
Accepted crystallographic symbolism has been used;
Part 2 of Volume 1, and Parts 2 and 3 of Volume 2, contain the crystal descriptions.
Crystal data
Substances:
Much of the material comes directly from secondary sources such as Strukturbericht.
Data in the present edition are presented in tables and lists.
2-3.
Sources of data:
Coverage of the literature extends through 1954 and includes some 1955 references.
Publication and distribution:
In that year a grant was obtained from the Penrose Fund of the Geological Society of America to finance additional full-time workers.
The project is currently supported by Harvard University.
Criticality:
Volume 1, of the seventh edition contains an introduction and data for eight classes of minerals;
organization:
The aim is to collect a very broad range of physical, chemical, morphological, and structural data for crystals on an encyclopedic scale and to seek all possible useful and revealing correlations of properties with internal structure.
For punched-card or tape storage of information all literature values must be conformed to a common language.
The chief factors responsible for the spoilage of fresh foodstuffs are (1) microorganisms such as bacteria, molds, and yeasts, (2) enzymes, (3) insects, (4) sprouting, and (5) chemical reactions.
Food treated in this manner and protected from recontamination by aseptic methods of packaging and containment presumably could be stored for long periods without refrigeration.
The radiation doses required for the preservation of foods are in the following ranges: 1.
In this respect, the general palatability and individual acceptance of most radiosterilized foods has, to date, been found to be low in comparison with fresh and commercially processed foods.
Costs of the effective energy produced by these sources is a major obstacle in the development of food-preservation processes.
The objective of complete sterilization of foods is to produce a wholesome and palatable product capable of being stored without refrigeration for extended periods of time.
The present status of food preservation by ionizing radiation is discussed by food classes in the following paragraphs.
However, the problem of consumer acceptability remains.
A refrigerated item could also be heated and served in less time than is required for frozen foods of the same type.
Irradiation using the nuclide source is more expensive than use of an electron accelerator.
Furthermore, it has made an exact assessment of the removal mechanisms possible.
At low thicknesses a cutting (or shearing) phenomenon is often encountered.
Also, it can be readily seen that the cutting and peeling types of failure show a steady state response, while the cracking mechanism is of a dynamic nature.
The action and reaction forces are R and Af, respectively, and are equal and opposite in direction.
and **yb is the angle the resultants make with the plane of the substrate.
If the cutting force, Af, is plotted against film thickness, a straight line should result passing through the origin and having slope Af.
The blunter the knife, the higher is the value of Af.
A straight line relationship is usually observed in a plot of Af against load L, having slope k, and Af.
The basic difference between the continuous cutting mechanism and that of the chipping mechanism is that instead of shear occurring in the coating ahead of the knife continuously without fracture, rupture intermittently occurs along the shear plane.
Under equilibrium cutting conditions, the chip exerts a force Af against the coating and an equal opposite force Af against the knife in the plane of the substrate as shown in Fig. 6.
It might be well to point out, however, some of the newer developments that have taken place within the past few months which might have a bearing on the future of the various foamed plastics involved.
Sandwich panels for building utility shelters that consist of kraft paper skins and rigid styrene foam cores also aroused interest in the construction field.
Furniture upholstery, as just one example, can easily take millions of pounds;
The polyether glycols are claimed to give flexible urethanes a spring-back action which is much desired in cushioning.
Properties
Thermal conductivity is directly traceable to the material's porous, air-cell construction which effectively traps air or a gas in the maze of minute bubbles which form its composition.
This property refers to the greatest longitudinal stress or tension a material can endure without tearing apart.
The mixing head moves back and forth slowly across the width of the receptacle.
The closed molding of flexible urethane foams has been a problem ever since the introduction of the material (molding in open molds was more feasible).
Temperature of the wash and rinse waters is maintained at 85 - 90-degrees-F (29 - 32-degrees-C).
When all of the rinse water has passed from the reservoir to the tubs the main drains are lowered to permit complete draining of the tubs.
Five drying test procedures are established to cover the range of drying techniques used in the home and commercial laundry.
Drying procedures and application of restorative force procedures are varied to conform with end-use handling during home or commercial laundering.
The machine shall contain an opening for the insertion of a thermometer or other equivalent equipment for determining the temperature of the water during the washing and rinsing procedures.
Drying room -- facilities for drip- or line-drying.
The movable clamps travel on carriages which ride the rails and are drawn by dead-weight loading.
Test specimens
The marked distances are parallel to the respective yarns.
Mark the specimen at the outer edges of the template with pen and indelible ink;
The washing procedures are summarized in Table 2.
Inject steam, if necessary, to reach the temperature shown in Column D of Table 2.
When this water level has been reached inject steam until the temperature is that shown in Column Aj.
Cascading of single stages, enclosed in one common envelope.
Cascaded single stages enclosed by a common envelope have been constructed with high gain and high resolution.
It will be shown theoretically that the high image intensification obtainable with such a tube and contact photography permits the utilization of extremely low incident light levels.
The cylindrical focusing electrode permits adjustment of the positive lens part by varying the focusing potential.
flux gain of a single stage
numerical aperture (N.A.);
The numerical aperture should be in general close to unity.
Explicit expressions (integral averages) are given in the literature.
The efficiency Af of an Af lens at the magnification Af is: Af.
Theoretical discussion of paraxial device resolution
.
It has been stated that settled cathodoluminescent phosphor screens may have a limiting resolution of 60 Af at high voltage values of approximately 20 Aj.
For a chemical process the first of these might involve the concentrations of the different chemical species, and the temperature or pressure of the stream.
To see how important this economy is, let us suppose that there are M operating variables at each stage and that the state is specified by N variables;
But Af is vastly larger than R.
2.2 the discrete deterministic process
When the policy has been chosen, the state of the product can be obtained from the state of the feed by repeated application of the transformation (1);
This will result in a value Af of the objective function, and when Af is chosen correctly this will give Af, the maximum of the objective function.
Since by the principle of optimality the remaining stages use an optimal Af-stage policy with respect to Af, we may enter section Af of the table at this state Af and read off the optimal policy for stage Af and the resulting state Af.
The process in which the outcome of any one stage is known only statistically is also of interest, although for chemical reactor design it is not as important as the deterministic process.
The third column gives the optimal policy, but we must wait to see the outcome of stage R and enter the preceding section of the table at this state.
The restrained gyro-stabilized platform with reasonable response characteristics operates with an approximate equation of motion, neglecting transient effects, as follows: Af where U is a torque applied about the output axis of the controlling gyro.
Finally, when the accelerometer output is zero, the entire system remains stationary, and the platform is, by definition, leveled.
When the frequency response characteristics of practical components are considered, their effect on stability does not present the most serious limit on the system loop gain.
One of the greatest problems associated with automatic leveling is establishing a true level in the presence of high-level acceleration noise.
The amount of platform dip required depends upon the scale factors of the system.
The turning is accomplished by applying voltage to the gyro torquers described above.
7-4.
The platform accelerometers must be slightly modified for this procedure.
The platform is turned as required by supplying currents to the appropriate gyro torquers.
The electrical signal from the autocollimator is amplified and supplied to the Z-gyro torquer.
Gyrocompass alignment is an automatic heading system which depends upon the characteristic of one gyro to establish true heading.
In Fig. 7-4, the input axis of the three-axis platform is shown at some point on the earth.
He was discharged from the hospital after a two-day checkup and he and his parents had what Mr. McKinley described as a "celebration lunch" at the cafeteria on the campus.
Scotty murmured, "No, thanks", so softly his father had to bend his gaunt height across the table and turn a round brown ear to him.
He breathed now with his mouth open, showing a whitely curving section of lower teeth;
It was a strained, silent lunch.
Scotty looked at the children, his mouth slightly opened, his eyes dull.
It'll take time".
When he was asked a question or addressed in such a way that some response was inescapable, he would answer;
She said, "I notice the girl from across the street hasn't bothered to phone or visit".
Then they disappeared and Scotty got up and went into his own room and got into bed.
his delicate hand, as veined as a moth's wing, rested absently on Scotty's chest.
He said fussily, "Just keep the cap on those strong emotions".
He had noticed how formal and irritably exact Rachel had grown.
Scotty shrugged slightly.
"She didn't really say" -- She glanced away at the floor, then swooped gracefully and picked up one of Scotty's slippers.
This time Rachel kissed him lightly on the forehead.
The exchange was almost invariable, and Scotty, in his bed, could hear every word of it.
He was not irritated.
Gouge, burn, blast, insult it as they would, could anyone really take Papa-san?
If he were to go with White, he would be out there two days, not just listening in the dark at some point between here and Papa-san, but moving ever deeper into enemy land -- behind Papa-san -- itself.
He hadn't even seen him yet
Warren and White each carried, in addition to their own weapons and ammo, a box of ammo for the ROK's machine gun.
We bring back all dead and wounded".
Mines.
He could also hear the stream which he had seen from his position.
The gentle whir of each footstep left him more naked than before, until he felt his unprotected flesh tremble, chilled by each new sound.
From the east to the west coast of the Korean peninsula was a strip of land in which fear-filled men were at that same moment furtively crawling through the night, sitting in sweaty anticipation of any movement or sound, or shouting amidst confused rifle flashes and muzzle blasts.
Even at this short distance they were only vague shapes, setting up the machine gun on a small knoll so that it could fire above the heads of the rest of the patrol.
Then the figures which held his attention became a group of shattered trees, standing like the grotesques of a medieval damnation scene.
With leather cups fitted in his handlebars, he steered his bicycle.
C'est merveilleux".
"You are looking tired and there you can rest.
Hanging over the bar was an oil painting of a nude Al had accepted from a student at the Corcoran Gallery who needed to eat and drink and was broke.
Mickie had a pleasant glow as he said, "You see, both of them, I mean the President and Jeff Lawrence, are romantics.
He'd shoot at anything if it was the rear end of a horse or his own sentry.
It was left out of him at birth.
The patrol snaked around in back of the cave, approached it from above and dropped in suddenly with wild howls.
"The Negro got a bad slice on his chest from the knife wound".
He had dinner and sat there over his coffee watching the winding pattern of traffic as it crossed the bridge and spread out like a serpent with two heads.
And so he had, so he had.
The only one who would have him was his cripple, the strange unhappy woman who became his wife.
The Secretary was uneasy about the visit.
He looked very carefully at every piece of furnishing, as though hoping to store this information carefully in his mind.
He merely said, "Any good decorator these days can make you a tasteful home".
How best to destroy your peace?
Let me tell you what happened to me today.
The city was a center of manufacture, especially in textiles, and also because of the beauty of some of its surroundings, a residence for many owners of the great industries in north Alabama.
It had just suffered a calamity, the final crisis in a long series of calamities.
It spread to most of the audience and was often viewed by visiting whites who snickered behind handkerchief and afterward discussed Negro religion.
The audience did not think much of the new pastor, and what the new pastor thought of the audience he did not dare at the time to say.
It was dirty and neglected.
Undoubtedly, there was a good deal of gambling in both.
He was glad to have it there.
He was not sure what kind of a man he had in hand.
When it was proposed to rebuild the church, Wilson found that the terms for a new mortgage were very high.
"Reverend", he said, "I think you don't quite understand the situation here.
You'll have to find out about it on your own.
They buy some supplies from our colored grocers and they are patronized by some of the best white gentlemen in town".
The backing from the white town was greater and there was little publicity.
The idea had come from Herold, who had once been a chemist's clerk.
A nigger boy opened the door.
Seward would be up there.
They were carpeted, but made for pumps and congress gaiters, not the great clodhoppers he wore.
He smiled, but now that he knew where the elder Seward was, he did not intend to go.
It was not murder at all.
It was like finally getting into one's own nightmares to punish one's dreams.
That would have made things so much easier.
The nigger boy was close behind him.
So choosing a good tree, he clambered up into it, found a comfortable notch, and curled up in it to sleep, like the tousled bear he was, with his hands across his chest, as though surfeited with honey.
If he had any worries, it was only the small ones, about Mother in New York, and his daughter Edwina and what she might be doing at this hour, with her Aunt Asia, in Philadelphia.
Most of them had seen Our American Cousin before, and unless Miss Keene was on stage, there was not much to it.
Yet even that explosion did not mean much.
Harry Hawk still had his arm raised towards the wings.
Mrs. Lincoln screamed.
That got everybody up.
In the audience a man named Ferguson lost his head and tried to rescue a little girl from the mob, on the same principle which had led Miss Harris to demand water.
For a moment, boy and mount hung in midair.
With incredible ferocity, he brought his fists together and struck.
Stevie was shouting triumphantly.
His head hung over the boards of Katie's stall;
He came by and repeated, "Po'Chavis"!
Bong!
The clock which had struck presented an innocent face.
The spire seemed to hold up the sky.
There was no church like Drew Church, no preacher like Papa, who was intimate with Him, and could consign sinners to hellfire.
that was Pennsylvania.
"Where you been today"?
"Will he die"?
The figure was wreathed in an extraordinary luminescence.
Stevie had heard these words many times, yet on each occasion they caused him to tremble.
Yet how might he know the Call when it came?
he dared to wait for the lightning.
He ran out into the downpour, sped across the yard and into the buggy room.
The fountain had brimmed over, the cannon were wet, the soldiers'monument glistened.
Ludie did as he pleased.
A Newfoundland sat solemnly beside a doghouse half his size.
"P. J." -- as Ludie called the town -- was crowded with summer people who came to the mountains to escape the heat in the big cities.
He thought of her, the first one.
Yooee, we fixed him!
Kaboom for.
"I told him", he said aloud They'll get the guys that done it.
Keerist.
It was a word he was proud of, a word that meant much to him, and he used it with great pleasure, almost as if it were an exclusive possession, and more: he sensed himself to be very highly educated, four cuts above any of the folks back home.
You guys remember that.
" His arm moved swiftly, violently, once, twice.
But the words were forming.
"bout takin his place" He listened, waited, nothing happened.
But he isn't with it, not at all with it.
He was the guy what always goofed at Question Time.
Handle men.
Lookit it!
Jesus, imagine, the crummy bastards, they'll get em, they'll get what's comin to em.
That's the way.
You can do anything with these dumb fucks if you know how.
"You, Listen!
It was that prick Coughlin.
From somewhere in the hut came Coughlin's voice.
Did I start the damn war?
So fuck them both.
He snuggled into the blanket.
He couldn't make out what he was saying.
"At what university did you study"?
He is in a hurry to write another essay against culture.
And his efforts to get a performance for his Gallant Muses invariably failed.
"Heaven forbid"!
But now music too?
Still, just for the ladies, and just for this once, for this one weekend in the country, he would make a little piece out of his melodies.
"I'd simply like to know if it is as good as you kind people seem to think", he said.
"Your name will never appear.
Jean Jacques asked, striving to appear unimpressed.
Back and forth Duclos had to go, between M. De Cury and Jean Jacques and between the Duke D'Aumont and Jean Jacques again, as his little operetta, The Village Soothsayer, though still unperformed, took on ever more importance.
"You can't go in that way"!
"But here you are in the palace.
Surely it would grow there whether I washed myself or not.
And this in addition to his usual fear of being among people of high society, his fear of making some inane or inappropriate remark.
We heard him before he ever showed, and we heard him yelling after he was out of sight.
Whatever we felt about the redcoats, we respected them in terms of their trade, which was killing;
From above me and somewhere behind me, a rifle cracked.
Yet it could not have been more than a matter of seconds, and then the front of the British army came into view.
My Cousin Simmons carried a musket, but he had loaded it with bird shot, and as the officer came opposite him, he rose up behind the wall and fired.
and then I came to some sanity and plunged away with such extraordinary speed that I outdistanced Cousin Simmons by far.
I was drunk with excitement and the smell of gunpowder that came floating down from the road, and the fact that I was not afraid now, but only waiting to know what to do next.
It was the opinion of some of us that these must be part of the Committeemen who had been in the Battle of the North Bridge, which entitled them to a sort of veteran status, and we felt that if they employed this tactic, it was likely enough the best one.
There was a clump of trees that appeared to provide cover right up to the road, and the shouting and gunfire never slackened.
The Bordel and other places of prostitution were emptied.
"I have told you before, and I tell you again", Monsieur Favre said rudely.
How can we have a good city unless we respect morality"?
Before them stalked the beadle, proclaiming as he went, "Thus the Council deals with those who break its laws -- adulterers, thieves, murderers, and lewd persons.
she, too, prayed only to God.
John recognized Ablard Corne and called out a greeting.
He stood very still, his arms at his sides, staring up at the heavens, then down at the blinking lights below.
He had Anthony and William to confide in and consult.
Why, oh why, doesn't he stick to preaching the Gospel, instead of meddling in civic affairs, politics, economics, and social issues that are no concern of the Church"?
What is he doing here at this hour?
"Monsieur Favre just paid me a visit.
Peter Caroli had come to Geneva, saying that he had been a bishop of the Church of Rome and had been persecuted in Paris for his Reformed faith.
matters such as leavened or unleavened bread are inconsequential.
He stood very still, his heart thumping wildly.
Somebody heaved a stone.
Then he slipped and went down on his hands and knees in the melting snow.
He had seen a dry, old, yellowing hand reach out, with that painful solicitude, to touch, to rearrange, to shift aimlessly, some object worth a pfennig.
Or was he now taking the role -- the gesture and the suffering -- because it was the only way to affirm his history and identity in the torpid, befogged loneliness of this land.
The men were huddled in those lairs.
If Simms Purdew would turn to him and say: "Adam, you know when I was a boy, it was a funny thing happened.
It gave the rubberized fabric a dull gleam, like metal.
The head was wrapped in a turban and on top of the turban rode a great hamper across which a piece of poncho had been flung.
"Slice o'mutton, bhoy"?
Mollie the Mutton is scratching her nose in the rain".
When he had stored his stock in the great oak chest, locked the two big hasps and secured the additional chain, tied the fly of the tent, and picked up the cash box, he moved up the darkening street.
He heard the words: "Rock of Ages, cleft for me, Let me hide myself in Thee!
Adam thought of the hutments, regiment after regiment, row after row, the thousands of huts, stretching away into the night.
He is going to let History take the blame for a while".
And look what he done give us".
Mose giggled.
He stopped stirring and looked over his shoulder.
Laura was sitting in an easy chair about eight feet away.
Amy had to be safe, had to come back to them -- if only to reap that share of life's experiences that were her due, if only to give her parents another chance to do better by her.
H'all should have let me do it".
The night before, they had telephoned the Andrus maid, Selena Masters, and she had arrived early, bursting her vigorous presence into the silent house with an assurance that amused McFeeley and confounded Moll.
After she had served the detectives coffee and toast (they politely declined eggs, uncomfortable about their tenancy), she settled down with a morning newspaper and began reading the stock market quotations.
During the night, a phone company technician had deadened the bells and installed red blinkers on the phones.
"I'm a little groggy.
Sipping their coffee, discussing the weather, the day's shopping, Fritzie's commitments at the network (all of which he would cancel), they avoided the radio, the morning TV news show, even the front page of the Santa Luisa Register, resting on the kitchen bar.
Outside, only a handful of reporters remained.
McFeeley identified himself.
no, they didn't know the Andrus family;
they had enough difficulty getting from day to day, let alone having an awful crime thrust upon them.
When Joe identified himself, he nodded, unsmiling, and ushered him into a sedate living room.
He would lay in wait in the garage, and when the terrier came scratching around, he'd let fly with a cherry bomb.
And put water on to boil and then searched through the icebox.
A sleepy voice answered.
Eugene was not entirely silent, or openly rude -- unless asking Harold to move to another chair and placing himself in the fauteuil that creaked so alarmingly was an act of rudeness.
"Excuse me", he said in Berlitz English, and got up and left them, to bathe and dress.
He handed Harold a key to the front door, and cautioned him against leaving it unlocked while they were out of the apartment.
And a gray-haired man whose glance -- direct, lifelike, and mildly accusing -- was contradicted by the gilt and black frame.
The daybed Eugene had slept in, made up now with its dark-brown velours cover and pillows.
He moved over to the desk and stood looking at the papers on it but not touching anything.
Cheap clothing and junk of every sort, as far as the eye could see.
Instead, they went on down the hall to their room.
When they got home Harold was grateful for the stillness in the apartment, and thought how, under different circumstances, they might have stayed on here, in these old-fashioned, high-ceilinged rooms that reminded him of the Irelands'apartment in the East Eighties.
"I've solved the mystery of the little bag.
"It's because we are in France", he said, "and know so few people.
And the thing about hurt feelings, the wet bathing suit pointed out, is that the person who has them is not quite the innocent party he believes himself to be.
In his concept there could be no one else present.
her son was dead.
There was only one way to accomplish this: by design, by drawing diagrams and sketches in which he probed the remotest corner of his mind for creative ideas to carry his concept.
Michelangelo grinned.
Michelangelo found the rabbi in the room of study, a gentle old man with a white beard and luminous grey eyes, robed in black gabardine with a skullcap on his head.
I cannot accomplish this if you will not help me".
Rabbi Melzi smiled at him with infinitely old but merry eyes.
The model quite plainly thought Michelangelo crazy;
but he had sketched the women of Tuscany in their fields and homes.
the clay he used plastically to suggest soft moving flesh, as in an abdomen, in a reclining torso;
The arrangement with Argiento was working well, except that sometimes Michelangelo could not figure who was master and who apprentice.
I was taught".
He was crouched over his anvil in the courtyard getting his chisels into trim, when a splinter of steel flew into his eye and imbedded itself in his pupil.
Galli arrived with his family surgeon, Maestro Lippi.
They put Kate to bed and wired Jonathan and sent for the young Presbyterian minister.
God would not do that, Kate thought stubbornly.
Juanita drooped about the place, wearing a haunted, brooding look, which Kate attributed to the baby's death, until the day a letter came for her addressed to "Miss Juanita Fitzroy", bearing a Grafton postmark.
What it was Kate could not fathom.
He patted the eye Joel had had blackened in a fight over being Rebel at the crossroads some days back.
These would be his hardest years, she knew, and he missed his father desperately.
The peddler came bawling his wares and told them of the convention in Wheeling, Which had formed a new state government by declaring the government at Richmond in the east illegal because they were traitors.
Maj. Anderson of Fort Sumter is home and recruiting volunteers for the U.S. Army.
When Kate hurried in alarm to tell him to put it out, she saw other dots of flames among the western Virginia hills from the few scattered fires of the faithful.
"What brings you here again, Colonel Marsh"?
"When are you to leave"?
She sought Kate out upstairs, her lips trembling.
I have held your papers of manumission since I married Mr. Lattimer".
"I don't hear the music.
Or was it her own first ball as mistress of this big house, a Van Rensselaer bride from way upstate near Albany, from Rensselaerwyck.
He would send on by trusted messenger the dispatches with their electrifying news.
It had the features of a man bewhiskered by clumps of loose feathers.
He drove on, wary and shaken.
Husbandry was bounded by snake-rail fences, and there were grazing cattle.
On shore "the freed slaves to despotism" -- the town dwellers -- watched the ships and waited.
David Cortlandt, having slept away a day and a night, came awake in a plank farmhouse on the Harlem River near Spuyten Duyvil.
From the saddlebags, hung on a Hitchcock chair, David took out a good English razor, a present from John Hunter.
That some men did not want it he could understand.
He saw with John Hunter now that the perfectability of man was a dream.
presentable in his wide-cut brown suit, the well-made riding boots.
He wondered how they could go on in poverty, superstition, ignorance, with a complete lack of desire to make either their land or their lives flourish.
All of them were there in this loosely knit association of diversified ideologies, and each berated the other and beat his breast for his own approaches.
It had sounded good to Andrei, but he did not believe it.
Warsaw!
What matters now?
He walked toward the center of the city to keep his rendezvous with Styka.
Lublin was the seed of action for the "final solution" of the Jewish problem.
In the spring of 1942 Operation Reinhard began in Lublin.
He found an empty bench, opened a newspaper, and stretched his legs before him.
To him, Andrei Androfski had always been the living symbol of a Polish officer.
So we have three children and responsibilities.
"There is a man named Grabski who is the foreman in charge of the bricklayers at Majdanek.
"Not everyone, Styka".
Until I was transferred into the Seventh Ulanys I was like every other Pole in my feeling about Jews.
"How can you tell an insane man to reason or a blind man to see"?
The question frightened Andrei.
"Well"?
Grabski slurped his way to the bottom of the soup bowl.
His broad flat fingers, petrified into massive sausages by years of bricklaying, snatched the bills clumsily.
"I am", she said.
I did have the decency to call up Thelma and tell her I'd met old friends and would be home late.
"What about Ballestre"?
"Well I object.
Eileen declared she couldn't lift her head from the pillow.
We didn't have time to speak before Eileen's voice was screeching at us from the bed.
Maybe he felt the same way.
I must know that that was my greatest weakness underlined three times.
You wouldn't have me throw the poor boy out on the street", Eileen said when I needled her about it.
Whenever the place was cleaned or a meal served it was Precious who did the work.
Occasionally if I pushed him too far he'd give me a look out of narrowed eyes and the hard cruel bony skull would show through that smooth face of his.
I don't know what we would have done if Pat O'Dwyer hadn't come to town.
Pat had been worried as hell ever since she'd lost her job on that fashion magazine.
He'd come East for the christening, by God he would.
Sposato needed a front, some labor stiff with a clean record to act as business agent of the Redhook local.
It was only natural that Fletcher would strive for a position in which he could make the decisions.
In any event Rector sent him to the local hospital to have it checked, telling him to keep his ears open while he was in the village to see if he could find out what Kayabashi was planning.
From the moment that Hino had first walked into the mission to ask for a job, any job -- his qualifications neatly written on a piece of paper in a precise hand -- he had been ready to become a Christian.
often tempted to ask questions but he never did.
"I guess it will be all right.
"Unless the oyabun has been working on it", he said, then checked himself and added: "You can tell Kayabashi-san that the back road is in very good condition and will be quite safe for his party to use".
Rector asked him to move it for the time being;
Fletcher nodded as he listened to the instructions and said he would arrange the things Rector requested.
She has a pretty bad cold".
" "Fine", Rector said.
The glass is out of it, but that won't matter.
When everything had been done, Rector went back to his desk to occupy himself with his monthly report until three o'clock.
She wrote again and now, abandoning for the moment the theme of love, she asked for help in the matter of her career.
And he would see her that evening.
He regaled Claire with an account of the mock mass performed by the cassocked bloods, which he had had at firsthand from old Bud Dodington, one of the leaders of the so-called "Order".
How many women had longed for the privilege that was hers.
The place was evidently a familiar haunt and Claire wondered what other illicit loves had been celebrated in the comfortable rooms to which they were shown.
As they waited for supper they sat by the fire, glasses in hand, while Byron philosophized as much for his own entertainment as hers.
"Tell me about Minerva, how she behaved, what she did to please you".
The light supper over, Claire went to him and, slipping an arm about his shoulder, sat on his knee.
He drank slowly with due appreciation.
"The hero of his next poem is Napoleon Bonaparte", said Claire, with slightly overdone carelessness.
"Fanny and Mrs. Godwin will probably be glad to hear that Mary has safely recovered from a very favorable confinement, and that her child is well".
"A public of one", Mary echoed reprovingly.
She was resentful of his easy success as compared with Shelley's failure.
Byron, since the separation from his wife had been living in a smallish house in Piccadilly Terrace.
-- You heard me.
The colonel crouched tensely on one of the folding chairs, methodically tearing at his thumbnail.
In the corner was the soldier with the white flag.
Watson had given his name and asked for a safe-conduct pass.
-- We won't be too long.
But he groped blindly.
What did he hope to accomplish here?
--'scuse me, sir.
The thin gray figures raised a hoarse, cawing cry like the call of a bird flock.
He swayed like a drunkard, his arms milling in slow circles.
He sank back on his thin haunches like a weary hound.
The man began to creep in the wrong direction, deceived by a slight rise in the ground!
He reached down and closed his fingers on the man's upper arm.
-- It don't matter.
Come on, now.
-- Oh, Christ.
Where are you, Henry?
He was angry, sickened.
So Charles was dead.
Was John better, more deserving?
As I say, I wouldn't want to begin a day like this, but I often wonder what the dead would have done.
Hand her a chair and she would say, "Why, it's a nice imitation of those Queen Anne chairs I inherited from Grandmother Delancy".
The clear and searching sweep of sun on the lawns was like a climax of the year's lights.
Mrs. Ten Eyke did mental health.
She experienced none of the suspense of some poor stranger selling encyclopedias.
He was tired, he had his business worries, and the sight of his wife arranging pork chops in the broiler only seemed like an extension of a boring day.
The girlish voice was nearly a whisper.
Taking a shower?
"If you will promise to make it weak".
She would rather live in danger than die of loneliness and boredom.
The remarks she made about the sufferings of a lonely woman seemed so broad at first that he didn't know what to make of them, but after the sixth drink he put his arm around her and suggested that they go upstairs and look for her checkbook there.
Mrs. Pastern asked sadly, when he came in.
But in bed he had trouble sleeping.
Children walking home from school would scuff through what seemed to be his foliage.
Once her trembling hand, with the pen grasped tight in it, was pressed against the paper the words came sharply, smoothly, as authoritatively as they would dropping from her own lips.
She looked at the girl speculatively from eyes which had paled with the years;
Angelina stepped back, her eyes roaming the tray for omissions.
For a moment she held her face to the empty doorway;
She ate.
In the cruel clearness of her memory the boy remained unchanged, quick with the delight of laughter, and the pain with which she recalled that short destroyed childhood was still unendurable to her.
In the stiff neutral lines of the telephone poles he saw the no-nonsense pen strokes of Aunt Jessica's letter.
Now Abel turned his head to look at his brother.
He gave Abel a quick glance and moved closer to the wheel, hugging it to him, and Abel caught this briefest of allusions to guilt.
"Remember the Starbird?
Meeting it without preparation as they did, robbed of anticipation, a common disappointment seized them.
I pushed at his shoulder, calling his name.
Oh he was smart.
"Get the hell out of here".
Hans is rubbing him with snow.
That's where he was when Hans found him".
That cock.
Don't come back.
Fat, hey?
He didn't even bother to wipe himself off and he chopped part of Pa's door down before he stopped.
"He was awake when I left".
What's he going to do"?
Do you?
He don't care about nothing else at all.
Not for years.
I don't know where Ma went.
Hans cut the foil off finally and unscrewed the cap.
But he'd find out about this one because we were using it.
"No".
"What are we going to do with these"?
His head flopped back.
"Hold his head up".
Just hold him like I told you".
This was an enormously long building whose walls were made of rocks, some of them brought home from every continent during his six years as an oil geologist.
But he was not bored at all;
He kept on laughing until she started laughing with him.
But just when she seemed to have sunk into some depravity of peasanthood she would disappear and come down bathed, brushed, and taking breaths of air, and even with her broken nails her hands would come to rest on a table or a leaf with a thoughtless delicacy, a grace of history, so to speak, and for an instant one saw how ferociously proud she was and adamant on certain questions of personal value.
Now she kept herself protectively ready to laugh again and sure enough he pointed at her with his index finger and said "Toot"!
She fell asleep leaning on her hand, hearing the house creaking as though it were a living a private life of its own these two hundred years, hearing the birds rustling in their cages and the occasional whirring of wings as one of them landed on the table and walked across the newspaper to perch in the crook of her arm.
But they all said, "No, your time will come.
People died, she would have said, in hospitals, or in cars on the highway at night.
They stopped expecting her to die the next minute, but only in the next day or two.
The women, keeping their voices low as they worked around the house or sat in the living room, sounded like chickens shut up in a coop for the night.
There was much embracing, much exclaiming.
There was the suggestion of ice water, and -- in spite of the protest "We're not really thirsty" -- Linda Kay, to escape the stuffy air and the smothering soft voices, hurried to the kitchen.
"Let's see", Cousin Ada said.
"He makes me uncomfortable".
"Say, did you know they're fixing to have a two-day antelope season on the Double J"?
Bobby Joe took a gun from behind the door, and with a quick "Bye now" was gone for the day.
But there was no need for Linda Kay to go on, since all she wanted in life was to make a home for Bobby Joe and (blushing) raise his children.
She exclaimed.
They all sat around and drank ice water, and the men smoked, and everybody had a good time.
Perhaps it was just that he had so much more flesh, so that more of it seemed to come in contact with hers;
The doctor paid the bill and they repaired to the hotel, room number nine, to initiate Alex further into these undertakings.
Couldn't take them near a river, though, or they'd squawk like a turkey cock the day before Thanksgiving".
The dawn progressed and it seemed that the doctor would never be done with his ministrations when quite abruptly something broke his revery.
They advanced in a line across the entrance hall to the stairway and up, with gingerly steps, towards the first landing.
Ejaculated the surprised woman, looking at Alex for an explanation but he, parting from her without ceremony, only offered a few words about the doctor's provincial American speech and a state of nerves brought on by the demands of his work.
He opened it a crack and in doing so made as much shuffling, coughing, and scraping noise as possible in order to drown emanations from the hen who had begun to protest.
"Have you got our keys handy"?
It was evident that a second transfer had to be effected, and that it had to take place between the time the fille finished the doctor's room and the time she began Alex's.
The doctor's wits had not left him, however, for all his sixty-eight years, and the wails were almost immediately lost in the sound of water rushing out from the showerhead.
They've got a big vulture from Tanganika at the zoo here, with a wife for him, too, very rare birds, both of them, the only Vulturidae of their species outside Africa.
The enormous plates which had held Mr. Jack's four fried eggs and five strips of bacon were still stacked in the sink.
"Fuss, fuss, old man".
"Here".
"What room is there going to be in an apartment for any child"?
"Four years"!
"You want to keep this job, don't you"?
"I've been bursting my lungs for you", Mr. Jack complained.
Mr. Jack cried when the brush tipped his hat down over his eyes.
Winston watched him hurry down the drive to his car;
The tulips and the big pink peonies had been blooming along the drive, and he had walked up from the bus almost singing.
and after that the Japanese cherries.
She was looking out at the garden.
"Well, let's see.
Winston folded the tissue paper carefully.
But she went on down the list.
On Christmas night, they had had a disagreement about it.
He had stood at a little distance, studying her, as though he would walk around next and look at the back of her head.
"I guess it's children make a woman old.
I had no doubt that it was.
In my letters I took on a personality that differed from the self I knew in real life.
I went and, mum and nervous, all but made a fool of myself.
Lovingly, she accepted, and so great was my emotion that all I could think of saying was, "You're amazing, you know"?
Should I accompany her to the door of her home, or should I ask to be invited in?
I set the hour of our meeting for seven.
Cardboard noisemakers, substitutes for the unavailable tin models, were being hawked and bought at makeshift stands every few yards along Broadway, and one's ears were continually serenaded by the horns'rasps and bleats.
I looked for Jessica to materialize out of the clogging, curdling crowd and, as the time passed and I waited, a fiend came to life beside me and whispered in my ear: How was I planning to greet Jessica?
All about me there was a hectic interplay of meetings taking place, like abrupt, jerky scenes in old silent movies, joyous greetings and beginnings, huggings and kissings, enthusiastic forays into the festive night.
I had told her enough about myself to offset somewhat the damaging stories that had appeared in local newspapers after my little adventure in Marshall Field & Co.
Nonsense!
"You what, Mary Jane"?
You've not seemed like them, but maybe you are.
I'll tell you why I didn't go to college;
"That's none of your business", she said, then changed the subject.
"Tell me more about them".
How would you feel about it if I were to ask you for a date when I get through at Hanover"?
"Do you like to dance?
It was unlikely that any girl as sharp as Mary Jane Brennan would believe it without proof.
But because it was a suspense gangster story of the Capone era, many of us felt that it might catch on for a run in Chicago, continue as a road company, and eventually become a movie.
I had been among the top third in my class at N.Y.U., had wanted desperately to go to medical school, but I'd run out of money and energy at the same time.
"I beg your pardon, sir"?
I started to say something else appropriate, but the man had hung up.
"Mr. Wycoff's car is waiting for you at the east entrance".
"Forgot to get something out of the car", I told him, showing him my ticket.
I waited until the parking attendant was busy with a customer, then slipped around the back of the car with license number JYM 114, attached the electronic bug to the rear bumper and walked out.
I wasn't far behind him when he entered the parking lot and hurried over to his car.
I know where the car is.
You don't want to lease a place way out in the sticks.
After fifteen minutes of traffic driving he turned to the left.
By this time it was dark.
I remembered it was the Peeping Tom place.
She was complying with the law in regard to registrations but she certainly wasn't checking license numbers or bothering the tenants.
"It's ten dollars either way.
Whoever his companion was going to be, she was going to join him later.
"You really in a hurry, Handsome"?
" She announced.
"No", I said.
When I switched on the lights for her to come and get the check, I had the exact change plus a dollar tip.
"It says water works, but there is a policeman on duty, too".
Dave had the latch under his thumb now and he removed his arm from his wife in order to pull the door open.
The gun followed her.
He turned from the phone and strode to the front of the restaurant.
"Remember how she looked when Barney held the door for her?
The heavy glass didn't break, but the top flew off;
The fat man didn't answer.
"-- one word of this gets to Guardino" --
God help you if she knows where she's been".
Grosse rubbed the bridge of his nose where it was swollen.
Vince lifted his hand as if to strike, but his thin lips spread in a smile.
It was one thing to awaken outside a restaurant where your parents were eating and quite another to awaken in a strange garage and know your parents had gone on home without you.
She felt a lift in spirit.
I could send the money right back".
And was he afraid to do anything as definite as releasing her?
In her mind she followed the white Buick along the road somewhere between here and the Niagara River.
"Dave.
Dave said, "I got the message.
His jowls were spiked by barbs of graying beard.
He looked straight at Marty.
The seventeen men stood and stared at him for a moment longer.
From a great distance thunder growled and broke the silence.
They reared tall and mocking.
There was a very old man and a young woman and a brood of children ranging from toddlers to teen-agers.
He remembered a story he had read as a youth.
The car was now in sight.
It was the Ford that had been outside Burch's farm.
For moments he stood in water, shivering and gasping for breath.
That way was barred on both sides of the road by a high barbed-wire fence.
He stood, panting, for a moment.
The fences on both sides of the road bristled with the barbed wire.
The cars must have had their gas pedals pushed down to the floor boards.
He did not leave the middle of the road.
Now he saw that the approaching car was painted white, and he began to wave his arms frantically.
If I'd stayed, all that I'd have got was four punctured tires and one busted head.
"About an hour, eh?
"I don't know what you're getting into, Mike", he said unhappily.
"I'd better keep on driving yours", Shayne decided, "because I'll be going on over to the Beach.
"I want to be in Scotty's Bar at midnight when Marsha makes her phone call there", he ended grimly.
Shayne asked, peering ahead at the partially obscured street sign.
On the right".
I was watching for numbers.
"
You drive on and circle back and pull up beside them parked there.
Shayne chuckled.
Take your time with your drink.
You know how it is", he added with a conspiratorial wink.
He walked over to the right-hand door, opened it and got the reloaded automatic out of the glove compartment and put it in his hip pocket.
He hit him once on the sharp point of his chin and felt the body go limp.
What happened with you"?
Mickey paused with him, waiting, no longer impatient, trying now to think it out, do a little planning.
He was fuzzy in his mind and, for a moment, helpless on the lobby floor, but he was conscious, and free of the weight of Roberts'body.
"Come on", he said.
He advanced slowly, directly, giving no hint of a feint to either side.
It moved in a silver arc toward his throat, then veered downward.
When he charged Mickey was ready.
if not yet, then soon, very soon.
I'll have to do it myself.
When he had closed the suitcase he found a rag and moved about the room, wiping carefully everything he might have touched.
He went into the hotel and searched till he found the razor.
The Jeep fought its way through the low spot and got onto higher ground.
By the time he reached the edge of the pit he was panting and his shoulder and back ached under the drag of the dead weight.
Then he got on his knees and rolled Roberts'body toward the edge.
He made his way back to the Jeep.
Liz Peabody, he thought, might spend some time grieving for her lost lover, but he doubted that she would launch an investigation.
On the highway he relaxed and enjoyed the drive over Lake Pontchartrain and along the coast.
"So you're looking for a woman who married a man who might have lived here a year ago and might have been poisoned.
He smiled.
The wearying trek stretched into the afternoon -- from newspaper plant to insurance office to her house and back to the newspaper, where he found her at five o'clock.
"Said she had a breaking-out on her face -- some sort of allergy -- and none of her old pictures was good enough.
I'm sure it'll be in the files.
"Mr. Ferrell Hirey Lindsay, chairman of the board of supervisors.
Before we built the new jail, we used to keep prisoners in here overnight sometimes when the old jail got too crowded.
Hank thanked them and promised to observe the rules.
He pulled it over, climbed up, and lifted out the big volume, almost losing his balance from the weight of it.
Hank was beginning to feel sharp concern for Mr. Black.
He turned around, saw nothing, and decided it must be a mouse.
"Hey, come back", he shouted.
Nobody could hear what was going on in this underground vault.
There would be all the nuisance of contacting someone else to take over.
He straightened his tie at the mirror with a shaking hand;
Ace of spades -- a widow, that was what they called a widow, these low-class crooks remembered Mr. Skyros distractedly.
Two weeks, a month, we talk it over again, and maybe if nothing happens meanwhile to say the cops know this and that, then we make a little deal, isn't it"?
"It's O.K., Denny, everything's O.K. Ain't it, Mr. Skyros"?
He patted Angelo's thin shoulder paternally.
"I appreciate it, you do that.
"Sure, Mr. Skyros.
He got out of there in a hurry, brushing past another man in the door, mopping his brow.
Usually she marked the few who did thank you, you didn't get that kind much in a place like this: and she played a little game with herself, seeing how downright rude she could act to the others, before they'd take offense, threaten to call the manager.
She'd be smart about it, get him to give it to her in little bills so's nobody would suspect -- maybe couldn't get it until Monday account of that, the banks -- But that wasn't really long to wait.
It wasn't as if she wanted much.
Oh, Katharine's awfully nice, and pretty too, I like Katharine -- Let's ask Katharine to go with us, she's always lots of fun -- Katharine --
Surely she was just a trifle fatter around the middle?
Maude's long nose unexpectedly wrinkled up.
She opened it an inch and poked out the keys for me to give you.
Maude swooped up the cup and hiked up her top hoop as if about to take off with a racing start.
But of course the paterollers won't be of any help, not with everything so upset and that Yankee cavalry outfit they say is running around, God knows where".
Yes, she had missed it after her talk with Emile, after dinner, just before Emile was shot.
Her skin crawled: Lolotte had told Maude that she was in the hall and the door was open.
It was merely an attempt to frighten her.
Rev loved Honotassa, it was like a part of his breath and body;
"Well, then who brought it"?
She ate what she could and went out along the covered passageway, with the rain dripping from the vines.
there were certainly now fewer mouths to feed but there was less to feed them with.
Maude had the cool ruthlessness to do whatever she made up her mind to do.
A lighted lamp stood on the table that dusky, drizzling day.
Rev said, "Come in, Sarah.
"No.
It might be, indeed it had already proved to be a marriage without love, but it was marriage.
No matter what had happened or hadn't happened, somebody had to see about dinner.
"You think Black's the one we're looking for"?
"Gilborn's secretary?
I'll see you later".
But he still wanted to know why.
It was a succession of picture-images passing through his mind: the same ones, different ones, in no apparent sequence, in no logical succession.
It wasn't so because it couldn't be so.
And so he walked, aimless again.
Without taking off his coat, he sat in the blue chair which still faced the closed bedroom door.
Who?
Gilborn wondered whether Kitti had lain in that same bed with Who?
For Blanche, Kitti's death was a source of guilty, but nonetheless soaring, happy hope.
Men, she reflected, even men like Stanley, are unpredictable.
Without warning, without giving her a chance to prepare for it.
She had assumed before then that one day he would ask her to marry him.
As a result, he never looked for it.
There was no reason for her to marry someone like Stanley Gilborn, there was no need for her to marry Stanley.
Then, six weeks after the day Kitti first came into the office, Stanley announced he and Kitti were married.
She didn't tell anyone, even her mother, what was wrong.
We'd know him by his stretch pants and the flowers he'd wear twined in his hair.
There was, furthermore, the crowd of curious onlookers gathered in the street and a couple more cops to hold them at a decent distance.
Maybe one could be startled into forgetfulness.
Even then, as you go into the house oppressed by the knowledge that something is cooking and that your house has passed under this unaccountable, official control, could you go on forgetting that you still had that ridiculous hat on your head and you were still carrying that childish horn in your hand?
This was a bull of a man.
For Felix it was a bit of a stretch to make even that measurement.
Gibby said.
"No rest of it.
This gentleman is a police officer.
He was prancing along the hall, heading for the next flight of stairs.
Gibby asked, not bothering to whisper.
First thing I did after my twenty-first birthday was go into court and have it officially changed, and this is something I don't tell everybody.
Felix took us into his studio.
There was no display of either works in progress or of finished work.
Someone on his staff -- he suspected it was Ed Thornburg -- intercepted them and for this Andy was grateful.
"Sorry, Mr. Paxton.
Hub considered.
He had little time to himself, anyway.
But from Rocco Vecchio, they heard nothing.
They had come not to admire but to observe.
Bake was waiting to report that Lou DuVol had been sobered up to the point where he could function efficiently.
A short time later, Lieutenant Bonner stomped into the dressing room.
"I want you to have the speakers taken out".
Andy crumbled the script in his fist.
But, admit or not, Bonner was helpless.
"What's he complaining about"?
Shirl Winter said, "I'll stay on the phone, Mr. Paxton.
Here's where luck would normally step in.
the evening was still not beyond salvaging, not as a show but for him as a person.
Ray, if you please -- the'Cradle Song'".
They did;
"It's okay, Mr. Paxton.
The words were hollow.
We've done our part".
"Just this one favor, Dad.
The two kids were together a lot, they were having some kind of teen-age affair -- God knows how far that had gone -- and the kid's crippled.
"Isn't enough time to go into it", he finished, and slammed the door in his son's face.
There was excuse enough to keep him home that young Mr. Arthur's still over there".
His voice grew high and trembling.
Deliberately, she ignored the yelp.
In his office, Mr. Holden replaced the phone slowly.
Once out in the street, the traffic was a gadfly maze in which he wandered stricken.
Nothing bald, open;
And when he came to examine the scene, there was a certain staginess to it, it had the smell of planning, and a swift suspicion darted into his mind.
She wouldn't be wilfully planning his destruction.
Cooper was beside his car, on the curb at the right, just standing there morosely;
He was sure of this.
Holden waved a hand at the empty street.
"I've been thinking", she said, swallowing the toast.
Or even yesterday.
"Mae, sit down.
his nerves seemed frost-bitten down to the tips of his tingling fingers and his spine felt stiff and glass-like, liable to break like an icicle at any moment.
Men from the Third Detective District, Eighteenth Precinct, had the longest, the most tedious, job.
("I certainly was not at the Dumont last night and my husband couldn't have been.
(Anyone active enough can reach a roof, wherever his room may be.
Long thin suitcase?
Anything else?
Anything at all strange?
The State cops would check from time to time;
Livingston Birdwood, producer of Uprising.
Willings was, presumably, a better than average shot.
Faith Constable had accomplished much in a quarter of a century.
Motive -- her husband wandering?
He reminded himself that all eliminations were tentative.
Bill picked up the telephone;
A man named Blaine Smythe, with "y" and "e" but pronounced without them, had been fired at Payne's insistence.
let Stein.
Stilts, a more direct cat, leaped from the bed and trotted briskly toward the kitchen.
Had Faith Constable's explanation of her confidence, so uninvited, been a little thin?
The telephone rang.
The voice had music in it.
"That damn door", said the police chief.
The telephone interrupted him.
"Many minute hemorrhages in the lungs;
The duration of the digestive process varies, the pathologist says, but the empty stomach and the findings in the upper gastrointestinal tract indicate that Mrs. Meeker died several hours after her seven-o'clock dinner.
He might have been in collusion with Johnston on the fraud;
Madden said that he would see him at two and made another call, this one to Mrs. Meeker's lawyers.
that she was active in the Woman's Club and he in Lions, Rotary, and Jaycee;
"Oh no.
She'd have consulted us, you see.
Tenure, too.
Too bad, Madden thought.
"Sometimes we'd have trouble persuading her to make tax-exempt charitable contributions, and I've known her to quarrel with a plumber over a bill for fixing a faucet;
But he didn't play golf, didn't seem to belong to any local clubs -- his work took him away a lot, of course -- which probably accounted for his tendency to keep to himself.
At first glance, not much of a motive for a man of his standing;
in Medfield, perhaps twenty-five less, not all of it paid by Thayer, who could charge off one room on his expense account.
It's still unbelievable that it was murder.
The undersecretary's in there.
You mean it, Phil?
"He says I'm to take the message".
Griffith was trying to clear his head of the champagne fuzz that encased it.
"Facing us, two flights up.
"Easy does it, Phil.
He asked.
"Why not"?
Still, this had to be checked out.
He would have to do something on his own.
the scene looked like a Christmas card.
Hoag would carry its sound to his grave.
if the angle of fire were too great the jutting buildings on either side would interfere.
He walked rapidly along the buildings scanning their facades: one was a club -- that was out;
Now what?
He climbed, as quickly as he could urge his body, up the two unbroken flights to the third floor, pulling himself along on a delicate balustrade, all that remained of the building's beauty.
He would have to climb back down to the street and signal a cop.
A shot caught him and straightened him up in screaming pain;
He stared at the clerk who sat at a scarred and ancient fumed-oak desk stuffing envelopes.
If you just leave me to hell alone, Lieutenant.
Finally, Orville intoned through his hawk nose, "We can't have people running in any time they please, Sergeant".
That's not getting all the juice out of the orange, now is it"?
"What if I said nobody was here but a couple of patrolmen"?
Gun told himself that the old bastard was a fool.
But for some fool reason he couldn't remember which men he'd put on the transfer detail.
"Negligence, hell"!
An argument with Orville Torrence Killpath was as frustrating and as futile as a cap pistol on a firing range.
It had come as no great surprise to Matson that the hot water in the showers didn't work, that Loren Severe had thrown up all over the stairs, or that some thieving bastard of a cop had walked off with his cigarettes.
Not yet.
Aside from the fact that business was slow this time of year and his one salesgirl was not the most enterprising, Mr. Phillips had no worries at all, and he said as much to Gun Matson, who sat across from him in civilian clothes, on a Jiffy-Couch-a-Bed, mauve velour, $79.89 nothing-down special!
Casey made some comment, but his mind was busy as he considered the man.
And so, still wondering and a little perplexed, he grinned at the girl and spoke lightly to make sure that she would know he was kidding.
Casey kept his smile fixed, but some small inner disturbance was working on him as he thought again about Needham, who was eight or ten years older than the girl.
He stood up and touched the girl's arm.
Then he was striding across the room, his thoughts confused but the worry building swiftly inside him as he snatched up the note.
It no longer mattered that Burton had outsmarted him.
He tried to tell himself that maybe Burton had sobered up enough to get some sense.
It still took him another few seconds to remember the job he had done for Frank Ackerly.
"Who says it's going to be published"?
"Maybe you'd better tell the guy who hired you what I said".
He called the bar and grill where he had picked Burton up that afternoon.
So what?
If you hurry you might beat the headquarters boys".
He did not bother with his radio -- there would be time for that later -- but as he scrambled out on the pavement he saw the filling station and the public telephone booth and knew instantly how he had been summoned.
Poet nodded, swung below and a moment later emerged from the forward hatch where he picked up the anchor.
It seemed as if they were all under a spell.
There had been tension in the plane during the silent descent;
"Hydraulic"?
A moment later, moving awkwardly because of the swimming fins, she picked up the gun, handed the knife to Poet, then rolled off the transom of the boat, back first.
If Elaine's uncle had stuck to this desire for aloneness, he probably would still be alive.
Off to the west a beautiful schooner slowly beat its way into the wind, headed on a tack toward San Clemente.
Strolling down to the galley, he lit the butane under the coffee pot and when the brew was heated, poured himself a cup and went up to the chartroom.
"Any news"?
Nick's body became rigid.
And then Nick knew that all of them knew Elaine, himself and Poet.
Nick sensed it.
Poet would escape, Nick thought grimly, because he wore the apparatus which would keep him alive under water.
The discovery struck Nick like a blow.
It's at the far end of the county and the last time I came here was for a hit and run manslaughter -- about seven months ago.
"I guess it helps", I said, paying no attention to his ribbing.
"Widow, nice sort of woman.
Tim come with the migratory workers that follow the crops up from the South last year, but Tim and his wife settled here.
I would have come sooner if I'd known.
Nellie was in the kitchen, had just come to work, when she heard Tim arguing with Julia in the living room.
"Let's see it".
I dropped the sheet, glanced at my watch.
Five racing minutes later we pulled into the driveway of this typical two-story house, and when the Jaguar stopped I managed to swallow.
I went up stairs and did the bath and her bedroom -- way I always do in the morning".
"Her"?
"I'll take you there.
She hadn't seen him since.
"Does your husband have a car"?
He'll get a fair trial.
Lighting my pipe, I took a walk.
If she moved gracefully, she was clumsy at it.
You know where Tim is, don't you, Mrs. Williams"?
Besides, the number of the suite hasn't been published in any newspaper.
"There's always a chance they may have overlooked something", returned the chief.
"Suppose the murderer should return to the scene of the crime"!
So did the firm of lawyers who had got her the divorce, Kimball and Stacy.
Next morning she was found dead in her suite with a bullet from a
He studied the night clerk as a man measures an adversary.
The clerk's glance followed Alec's.
Two women, who had been chattering like parrots, were struck dumb.
Alec leaned on the desk, holding the clerk's eyes with his.
The stillness persisted as Alec followed a bellboy across the lobby to the elevator.
Hastily the boy switched on a ceiling light.
"N-no".
He was in a hurry to get out of the room.
Alec glanced into the bathroom.
He lay still, listening to the silence, watching the light.
When the neon sign flashed on, the shadow was still there.
There was a thick, squashy crack of fist on flesh.
On the bare floorboards a man lay face down.
A professional gunman would not have killed her with a weapon of such small caliber as a
"Did you kill Diana Beauclerk"?
Alec leaned forward to look.
What has this to do with the present?
You know the facts;
When you hold the spirit of a thing, then somehow you know the truth -- you know a fake antique from the real thing.
but now it's the most lost and tortured place in the world.
That's your setting, and a sinister one.
) Well, anyhow, Dogtown Common is so much off the beaten track nowadays that only Sunday picnickers still stray up there, from time to time.
And it was because of an old Norberg inheritance that I got to understand them all so well.
As I was saying, I've known all about the old records, including the old Norberg deed.
A real gentleman, I feel, would do neither.
They actually bristled.
It began with a preamble, of course.
Paint!
Not much to shoot, but there are a few pheasant.
It would have been a good excuse for his being there at all.
No, the man was not drunk
So the driver started to curse at both of them as if they had been in a plot together to ruin his safe-driving record.
Phil was like that.
And everybody has some kind of grudge.
"All right", he conceded finally, "if you must know, I don't get along with the landlord.
You see, I always make it look like an accident.
Some time before midnight he returned to his apartment and hit the sack, putting the whole incident out of mind before he fell asleep.
His spine crawled with a foreboding premonition as he asked one of his fellow tenants what had happened.
Still later, he finally convinced himself that it was an accident -- just a coincidence.
It was the same bar, and it was two weeks later -- Saturday night, when he had an excuse to drink heavier than usual.
Pete?
Haney didn't want to encourage his company, but felt he ought to buy him a drink anyhow, to prevent possible trouble.
"Then she'd get half of everything I have.
You should have told me about her before".
After all, I didn't know you, Pete.
He waited eagerly.
A moment later he struck a match and lighted a candle, and I could see.
Could he join the party and sleep here tonight too?
Charlie was waiting, leaning against a building front.
And a blaring final chord from the jazz group.
if we'd really been trying to get him dead drunk we'd have had to go out for more wine.
He was holding the piece of lead pipe out to me.
The thunk was louder, anyway, and I thought I heard bone crack.
"How do you feel"?
"Take them", I said.
"Same.
We took the matches -- they were book matches and once they'd been touched might retain fingerprints -- and the change.
Less than three hours ago we'd decided, in Maxine Wells's pad on Cosmo, to commit a trial murder.
We planned ahead only one step, a rendezvous for tomorrow when we could swap notes.
I drew diagrams and floor plans;
We'll need some at least, if only bus fare to the scene of the crime.
"In that case, let's not draw.
Now that he knew himself to be self he was free to grok ever closer to his brothers, merge without let.
He was closer to understanding it in English now, although it could never have the inevitability of the Martian concept it stood for.
Hello, Mike.
Are you hungry"?
"I'll carry the tray".
That'll be plenty to eat by".
What are they doing on Mars"?
I now grok you are my people -- teach plants another way.
"You knew him"?
"But now I am not lonely.
A long time later, by cosmic clock, she said, "Mike?
Then, as their grokking made them ever closer and Mike felt himself almost ready to discorporate her voice called him back: "Oh!
Their meditations were approaching a violent cusp that would shape Martian art for many millennia.
The glorious news had been held up pending Heavenly confirmation of the elevation of a new Supreme Bishop, Huey Short -- a candidate accepted by the Boone faction after lots had been cast repeatedly.
Some of them were warts until they got promoted.
"You mean this punk can brush me aside and I've got to hold still for it"?
"Okay, I'm Happy.
Jubal would not have minded it if service had not gone to pieces.
Said Hal, forgetting in his enthusiasm that he had not been asked to speak.
Thought Hal.
He is the one responsible for my getting such low M. R.'s.
"Though that does not mean that there may not be such records there.
Hal waited: Macneff paced some more, frowning.
Macneff raised his hands apologetically and said, "You are horrified, of course.
Australia, the Philippine Islands, Japan, and northern China were inhabited by those members of the Haijac Union that spoke American.
Hal saw in his mind the rest of Earth: Iceland, Greenland, the Caribbean Islands, and the eastern half of South America.
Somehow, all the other passengers (also supposed to have died in this web of elaborate frauds to cover up the disappearance of the personnel of the Gabriel) had simultaneously "agreed" to die.
Perhaps, the psychological barriers that had prevented her from conceiving Hal's child would no longer be present.
And, slowly, feeling himself icy yet burning, Hal turned.
I had thought we would never again speak to each other".
Then, after slowing the vessel considerably, the drive would adjust to a one-gee deceleration.
This discovery caused Hal anxiety.
Thus, the masculine animate infinitive dabhumaksanigalu'ahai, meaning to live, was, in the perfect tense, ksu'u'peli'afo, and, in the future, mai'teipa.
(Or, perhaps, especially in an Angel, whose assumptions had mostly been fixed millions of years ago.
individually they are nearly as mortal as you -- the difference does not seem very marked to us, where it exists.
"We regard it as fair only when each party feels that what he has received is as valuable, or more valuable, than what he has given".
"Hesperus and Lucifer", Jack said, "show that we do".
"All the more reason, then", Jack said, "why we must have a treaty.
And it might be, considering the uncomfortable custom the Angels had of thinking of everything in terms of absolutes, that the proposal of anything less might well amount instead to something like a declaration of war.
Suppose that this one were to work?
He had lost his audience.
"Where?
Then the skiff hove into sight, just a dot of light at first against the roiling blackness and crimson streaks of the Coal Sack.
He would never have believed, without seeing it, that the bizarre little vessel could go so fast.
Almost surely he did;
But fusion power in the Coal Sack was what had triggered all the trouble in the first place -- and he already had an Angel aboard.
If because of this incident they become angry with Earth, I will not be permitted to go there at all.
Ryan hefted his bulk up and supported it on one elbow.
"Well, let's take a ground-level look at the country around here".
They lay months away from the nearest Earth star by jump drive, and no one knew what they were good for, although it was felt that they would probably be good for something if it could only be discovered -- much like the continent of Antarctica in ancient history.
This old world lost all of its helium and trace gases long ago.
"Ekstrohm, you and I will have a look", Ryan said.
Ryan told him what he could do then.
"Uh-huh", Ryan admitted.
Dissect it"?
"It looks like we did, when we made blastdown".
Or maybe it's sheer xenophobia.
Ekstrohm lay in his bunk and thought, the camp is quiet.
Ekstrohm was not asleep.
Ekstrohm never slept.
He had to hide it.
He scanned a few lines on the social repercussions of a celebrated nineteenth century sex murderer, but he couldn't seem to concentrate on the weighty, pontifical, ponderous style.
"The dead beasties.
Nothing but wispy grass whipping in the keen breeze.
But you aren't exactly the model of a surveyor, you know.
Now all the bodies are missing, like they got up and walked away".
There's still such a thing as mental illness.
She was not alone for there were three other such children in the big city's special nursery.
However, no diagram of her brain patterns, no early I.Q. tests recorded certain essential facts about Helva that Central must eventually learn.
Helva's civilization was not without busy, do-good associations, exploring possible inhumanities to terrestrial as well as extraterrestrial citizens.
Shell people used their own vocal cords and diaphragms but sound issued through microphones rather than mouths.
Any other reaction would have been reported instantly.
Helva turned her vision back to magnification and surveyed her copy critically.
"Are you referring, sir", asked Helva politely, "to the Dark Age discussions of the number of angels who could stand on the head of a pin"?
She had, of course, been exposed to and enjoyed a music appreciation course which had included the better known classical works such as "Tristan und Isolde", "Candide", "Oklahoma", "Nozze de Figaro", the atomic age singers, Eileen Farrell, Elvis Presley and Geraldine Todd, as well as the curious rhythmic progressions of the Venusians, Capellan visual chromatics and the sonic concerti of the Altairians.
For their purposes, oxygen and other gases were not drawn from the surrounding atmosphere through the medium of lungs but sustained artificially by solution in their shells.
On the anniversary of her sixteenth year in her shell, Helva was unconditionally graduated and installed in her ship, the Aj.
There were several missions which demanded instant attention but Helva had been of interest to several department heads in Central for some time and each man was determined to have her assigned to his section.
"All you have to do is ask", he retorted hopefully.
Mercer never noticed the needle touch his arm.
She radiated warmth and good fellowship.
The drug went after the pain and swallowed it.
Remember, man, remember.
B'dikkat was sterilizing his knives.
The dromozoa fed him in their mysterious way;
apparently her many torsos, stretched out along the ground, had a greater capacity for retaining the drug than did his body.
"I never saw that", said Mercer, "but I" --
Asked Mercer.
The half-man received a dromozootic implant, turned red in the face, shouted senselessly at Mercer, "Take it out, you fool!
When B'dikkat cut the head from Mercer's thigh, he felt the knife grinding against the cartilage which held the head to his own body.
In between teratologies, she was a pretty and shapely woman;
B'dikkat grudgingly agreed, but he did not come out of the doorway.
Mercer, despite his happiness, wept a little at the strange fate of B'dikkat.
Sometimes the bubbling sound of geysers came faintly across the plain to the herd of men;
His handwriting was on a rock.
He certainly didn't want a wife who was fickle as Ann.
He had plenty of work to do.
Morgan watched the two figures for a time, puzzled.
Morgan hesitated, thinking that if this was a trick, it was a good one.
Her eyes were glazed as if she didn't hear or even see him.
He put her down on the couch, and going into the kitchen, saw that the boy had dropped into a chair beside the table.
"Who are you and what happened to you"?
"We've been looking for work, but all the ranchers have turned us down".
Could you give us a job, Mr."
There was more to this than Jones had told him.
"Right now you need a meal and a bath.
"I'm Dan Morgan.
"Of course".
The girl cried.
"That's all I'm sure of".
The girl asked.
"It's all right", he said.
They were a pair of lost, whipped kids, Morgan thought as he went to bed.
Against that other man he could rally his anger;
They killed Big Charlie, dumped his body in my rose garden two nights ago.
Clayton choked, shook his head, murmuring, "No".
Oh!
You get ready"
Gavin stood on the porch, a thin figure.
"California".
"Yes, Gavin, you did".
"Lived alone here for three years, before any man came.
The moon had sunk below the black crest of the mountains and the land, seen through eyes that had grown accustomed to the absence of light, looked primeval, as if no man had ever trespassed before.
The wan light spread over the ground and the valley revealed in the first glimmer the contours of trees and fences and palely shadowed gullies.
Clayton is with him, takin him out of the valley.
He wouldn't even dance with her at Gavin's party.
He swung round to the other men -- "We can catch him easy!
They mounted up and rode slowly behind the others at a safe distance.
Ahead of him Gavin turned slightly off the trail and pointed for the Gap, no more than a mile away.
California is too far, he thought.
They dragged him inside the building.
"We'll talk later.
Someone evidently was on duty there.
He handed the bayonet to Dean and kept the pistol.
"All right", he said.
Something all of them would regret.
Mike passed through it and moved toward the dark mass of horses.
But the luck that had been running their way left him.
"Are you hit"?
"Ride"!
You're the one that's taking the big chance".
"McLish", he said as he kicked the horse into motion, "I'd be a mighty sad man if we never met again".
Mike yelled.
They followed the others toward the east gate.
A brace of pistols, holstered on belts, hung from a peg, along with ammunition pouches.
He shouldered the blanket again, backed off, and tossed the lantern with its open wick beneath the wagon.
Guerrillas were racing toward him.
Guerrillas were only a dozen yards away, charging the house.
"Gawdamighty"!
Both buildings were in flames.
The glow of the fire reached through the openings in the windows, giving light enough to examine Mike's wound.
Reverend Jason, looking worried, hurried toward us.
Then Little Billy began shouting orders to round up the ponies and fill the water buckets and for the cooks to hurry up with the meal.
He shook his head.
"But that was war", I said.
That bastard Chambers!
"I think Montero did right", Amy said firmly.
Gray Eyes attacked our camp just as the first pink threads stitched together the hills and the sky.
although we didn't expect the attack before dawn, the long cloudy night, filled with the sounds of the industrious insects, seemed endless.
"Wait until my shot.
He was naked except for a clout.
The feathered lance was still above his head.
What else he said was lost in the rattle of gunfire on all sides.
A rifle cracked;
The sharp cries at the end of the valley were faint.
there was no doubt he was dying.
Men screamed.
Above me a dark rider was whipping his pony with a quirt in an attempt to hurdle the bales.
None of them reached our walls again.
And I appreciate the advice".
It took him a long time to compose himself.
She glanced around the clearing, taking in the wagon and the load of supplies and trappings scattered over the ground, the two kids, the whiteface bull that was chewing its cud just within the far reaches of the firelight.
"I know him.
And it doesn't make any difference.
It was meant to insult him, and didn't quite succeed.
She came down against him, and he tried to break her fall.
The voice came from behind him, and Wilson turned.
She seemed irritated.
"I said go home, Joseph.
"Your personal guard?
Mine.
You took me by surprise.
He watched the girl until she had gone into the trees, and waited until he couldn't hear the sound of her horse any longer, then went up to where the children were sleeping.
He found the pan where he had dropped it and carried it back down to the stream.
But they were starting a new life.
The place had been cheap -- just the little he had left after Amelia's burial -- and it would serve its purpose.
He had an uneasy feeling about it.
There were tracks of cattle all over his six hundred and forty acres.
under the circumstances I was only too willing to confess all.
The pulsing glow of a cigarette.
He wore his white shirt open at the neck, revealing a bit of scrawny pale chest underneath.
Once, pressing him, I learned that his job was only part-time, in the afternoons when nothing went on in the hall.
I was shown, instead, a batch of white tickets of the sort handed out, he told me, every morning.
By counting the number of stalls and urinals I attempted to form a loose estimate of how many men the hall would hold at one time.
This sort of petty vigilance annoyed me.
I wished to prepare myself but did not even know what sort of clothes I ought to be wearing.
It resembled nothing I'd ever seen before.
I could consult this personage on any weekday morning, though not before ten o'clock.
Past it I could see part part of a desk, a flag in a corner, a rug on the floor.
I had the impression that he had read my forms, perhaps several times.
These questions did not surprise me;
The man went over without sound, falling to the bare floor.
It seemed to Barton that the green eyes mocked him, the thin-lipped smile held insolence, but he had no time to waste now.
Two men were on duty inside, playing pinochle, relaxed.
As he passed through it Barton shoved his gun against the man's side.
It had gone without a hitch.
Foster had brought extra clothing also.
I did it for the valley.
Barton hesitated.
They squatted on their heels in the deep mud and Dill found a cigar in his breast pocket, passing it over silently.
It had drawn them together, and since his release from prison Dill had worked tirelessly to effect this night's escape.
"How do the valley people feel"?
Barton half-straightened in surprise.
Your cousin Finley saw to that.
I almost didn't tell you".
"I never saw him.
It reached the mines at North San Juan and Bloomfield.
A million tons of rock and soil and brush.
There came a ghost of noise at the office door and Hague swung to see Kodyke in the entrance from the outer room.
He supervised the cleanups and handled the shipments of raw gold which each week went out to San Francisco.
You know how the ranchers in the valley are.
When they reached their neighbor's house, Pamela said a few polite words to Grace and kissed Melissa lightly on the forehead, the impulse prompted by a stray thought -- of the type to which she was frequently subject these days -- that they might never see one another again.
Here, she dropped the keys on a small table beside the door and went upstairs to her bedroom.
Perhaps it was all a vividly conceived dream.
Was it not possible, after all, that the forest was in league with her and her child that its sympathy lay with the Culvers that she had erred in failing to understand this?
If the slope grew steeper and the groves more dim, she tried not to heed.
That was another one of those traps.
The trees huddled more closely together, their limbs and leaves intertwined in a coarse curtain against the sun.
She stumbled over the root of a tree that protruded maliciously above the earth.
The trees were crowded so closely together that their branches overlapped, virtually shutting out the sun completely.
It crept into the open neck of her blouse and slid down her body, seeping into her flesh through all the quivering pores of her skin.
She could not scream, for even if a sound could take shape within her parched mouth, who would hear, who would listen?
tree branches snapped as she pushed them ruthlessly away from her.
"You shut up!
I think you're mean and hateful and stupid, and -- louder"?
Print it in real big letters, an'I can cipher it out later".
And he really feels that way, she thought.
rather on the medium side.
He slid in at her side, tucked a cigar into his mouth, and politely proffered one to her.
I figger it's probl'y a sixty-five-mile walk, and I c'n maybe get this spring patched up in a couple of hours".
"See that wildcat"?
"Why, I meant what I said", Lord declared.
Along with this self-satisfaction, however, Joyce sensed a growing tension.
He demanded, when Lord confronted him.
"We aim t'be see-lective, y'know?
I'm no lawyer.
Oil-field workers were a rough-tough lot.
Lord slugged him in the stomach, so hard that the organ almost pressed against his spine.
I've given willful hurt to no man.
He could not grasp that Lord had withdrawn from the fight minutes ago, and that his leaden arms were flailing at nothing but the air.
And Donna would --
The cook, Mateo Garcia, had arrived there long before the herd.
He'd come alone, without his wife and child.
Tomas, she called him -- as the Mexican hands did.
He held a cigarette in his right hand.
Maybe she will then come to you.
How long should I wait"?
"That I can't answer, for I can't imagine something like this happening to me.
You're going to need your woman.
"All right", Brannon said, rising.
There was to be no gunplay.
They reined in before the town marshal's office, a box-sized building on Main Street.
"Maybe he's at the hotel".
"He's finished eating", Hogan said.
"Don't start anything you can't finish".
"I'll remember you", he said.
Brannon said, "Now the key to the lockup, Marshal".
Brannon, you've assaulted a law officer and" --
They followed him into the rain and across to the squat stone building fifty feet to the rear.
He came to the edge of the veranda, peered down at them with his hand on his gun.
And their arrival caught John Clayton and Charles Ansley off guard.
There had been no sign of a rifleman and no track or trace to show that anyone had been near.
He raged.
A bullet smashed directly into the center of William Lewis'chest.
The former scout's alibi couldn't be shaken.
Tom Horn was soon back at work, giving his secret employers their money's worth.
Haying time was close at hand, and they needed some strong branches to repair a hay rack.
But he brought back the sheriff and several deputies, and to the lawmen the entire affair seemed a repetition of the Lewis killing.
They wouldn't o'stood no chance with you in a plain, straight-out shoot-down".
"Sportin'"!
If you don't leave this country within 3 days, your life will be taken the same as Powell's was.
It is also possible, but equally doubtful, that he actually shot down the hundreds of men with which his legend credits him.
He had made himself the personification of the Devil to the homesteaders.
I'm sure you won't mind doing me a small favor".
"You're not to mention my name.
If someone were to drop a match in here, this place would go up like a haystack".
From the back of the barn it was a simple matter to reach Black's house without using the street.
He found a match in his pocket and lit it.
Curt moved over beside the door and waited.
"Remember what happened to Gruller".
"We ain't got nothing to talk about.
"You can forget about Brenner, too", Curt said.
Now start talking.
Curt reached out and dropped Jess's pistol back into the holster.
"I heard how you outdrew Chico.
Once more he lifted Jess's gun from its holster, only this time he tossed it into the stall with the frightened buckskin.
As it was, his vision blurred and for a moment he was unable to move.
They made Jess double over.
Curt was in almost as bad shape, but he wouldn't quit.
The buckskin bolted out of the stall.
"You're staying right here for a while.
Jess asked worriedly.
What a spectacle he was, caked with dirt and sweat and blood, filthy as a pig and naked as an Indian, kissing the finest, the sweetest, the bravest, and absolutely the prettiest girl in this whole wonderful world.
He stooped, picked up his ruined hat, and pursed his lips thoughtfully.
Nate turned his head, attempting to speak in a soothing voice.
She had spent too many hours looking ahead, hoping and longing to catch even a glimpse of Dan and finding nothing but emptiness.
She replied.
After their supper, the evening turned into a regular "Hoe-Down".
He looked down at his big hands and slowly flexed his long fingers.
With a swift swoop of his big arms, he grabbed Sally out of the circle surrounding him, and then kissed her soundly before setting her down so she could stand by his side while they jointly chose the rest of their "outfit".
Next morning, they moved on again.
"I ain't ragging him"!
"Wonder what made them hurry so", Rod drawled, giving Dan a sly wink.
"I'll shore be needing ye both on the pull out o'the canyon".
There were no less than six or seven saloons in Ganado, not counting the lower class dives, all vying for the trade of celebrating miners and teamsters.
He tramped out of the Miners Rest with his hopes plummeting, and headed doggedly for the Palace Saloon, the last place of any consequence on this side of the street.
Reaching the porch rail beyond view of the bar windows, he feverishly scanned the busy street below.
Pat pushed through first.
Halting, Pat turned to survey him deliberately.
A single kick made it spring open, shuddering.
I've drawn his fangs", he snapped.
Carmer's ingenious cache for his loot had been found.
"It's within a hundred of what Crip had", he declared.
Pat paused there, looking across at the young fellow.
"You owe it to Penny to give her a chance to explain that she was defending you, really", he observed mildly.
Pat let him go, following more leisurely.
Nearing home, he jerked to attention at the distant crack of a gun.
His first glimpse of the ranch house across the brushy swells told him nothing.
A harsh cry floated to him across the brush.
A slug had torn half of his stirrup-guard away.
Recklessly hurling the bronc sidewise into an intersecting draw, he plunged forward with undiminished speed.
Greg himself took two flights, with Todman leading the second, to patrol and look for targets of opportunities around Ormoc on the east coast of Leyte.
Greg climbed into the cockpit feeling as if he had never been in one before.
At the prearranged time, Greg started the engine and taxied out.
Underneath him the sea was a dark and muddied gray.
Stay in close and we'll go up the valley".
He spread the flight out and led them across a point of land and then down the coast.
Finally, as time began to run out, he headed into Ormoc and glide-bombed a group of houses that Intelligence had thought might contain Japanese supplies.
He was about to make a gas check on his flight when Todman's voice broke in: "Sweeneys!
Todman said excitedly, and hopefully.
He pushed the radio button.
Greg's airspeed indicator was over 350 when he leveled off just above the trees.
Now let's make sure they're Japs".
One pass only.
"They haven't seen us", Greg yelled to himself over the engine noise.
He tightened his turn.
Greg's fingers closed on the stick trigger.
His maneuvering for the shot had placed him near the overcast, almost inverted and heading up into the clouds.
Over the rattling of fenders, humming of tires and chattering of gears there was a charming melody of whispers and tiny giggles.
Autos whizzed past.
The voice was that of Johnson, tail gunner off another crew.
When Johnson ejaculated "Howsabout my buying us all a nice cold Co-cola, Ma'am"?
How lightly her "eventshah-leh" passed into the crannies where I was storing dialect material for some vaguely dreamed opus, and how the word would echo.
The truck was hurtling forward.
"Hell, yes", I roared back between dusty lips.
I ducked just as the first strand broke somewhere down the line and came whipping over the sideboards.
"That was Tee-wah I was talking.
Emptied the bottle.
On unoccupied roadway the bottle shattered into a small amber flash.
with more time I could have loosened a small burr or cotter pin --
Two cars came over a crest, their chrome and glass flashing.
She sat quietly, staring at me from the wide eyes.
She smiled.
She was wearing nothing beneath the coat.
"You and me both, dear.
"Yes, indeed.
"I'll bet.
"Murder?
The finished -- and drastically cut -- product would begin with a hazy longshot of Joyce entering the suds, then bursting above the pool's surface clad in layers of lavender lather, and I had a hunch this item was going to sell tons and tons of soap;
"Did leap into the pool, and didn't have anything on.
The keys were still in it, and I was miles away before I remembered that my clothes and purse and everything were still in the little cabana where I'd changed".
"No, I never did see his face.
I could show what I can do".
Mmmm, it sure itches".
It'll probably be at least an hour or two before I can check back with you.
Softly.
She wouldn't be taking a cold shower.
Lieutenant Rawlins, one of the plain-clothesmen, spotted me and said, "Hi, Shell", and walked toward me.
I asked Rawlins.
"Can't say yet.
those who wrote them knew people and what made people tick.
and, when you took a walk you never knew what adventure or pair of sparkling eyes were waiting around the next corner.
There was something about the contour of her face, her smile that was like New Orleans sunshine, the way she held her head, the way she walked -- there was scarcely anything she did which did not fascinate me.
True, she was my Aunt, married to an Uncle related to me only by marriage, but why she had married a man twice her age, and more, perhaps, I did not know or much care.
You have probably experienced this.
I was waiting in front of it when she showed up and told me of my Uncle's indisposition.
It did not take me long to slip the bolt securely and return to the rear and its couch.
"I guess we both felt it".
If I even hint at it do you think it will matter that you are his nephew -- and not even a blood nephew"?
A lot of people will roam the streets in costumes and masks, and having a ball.
It will turn out all right".
I must say the figure was well made up.
-- and you fall for a pass by his own nephew!
That ought to draw a laugh, Nicolas reasoned, as he stored the line away on the wax tape that was his mind.
He was determined to spend an industrious summer.
She didn't have the heart.
He had always known how to find a bed, and on his own terms.
Mary Jane might not be the most intelligent woman, but she was one of the most determined.
His presence there, asleep in the grass, confirmed all that Mary Jane believed it was in his power to teach her: freedom from the tedium of needs such as hotels, the meaning of nature, how to live, simply, with the angels.
His nose was tickled.
The Grafin, who was charmed by her, told her, "Your sister who was here two years ago has quite dark hair.
You shall see her at dinner".
Yet he did drop his badinage with the ordinary country girl as much in deference to the Grafin as acknowledgement that here, indeed, was something special.
veal cutlets: "Oh, I couldn't possibly eat all this"!
"I think the maids tipple in the afternoon".
The husband points the steps out with his flashlight: "Its white stare filling her pale eyes To the blind brim with appetite, Bleaching her hands that grazed my thighs And sent us from the table in surprise To let the dishes soak all night," (Mary Jane asked herself if Meredith was blushing at this line, or was it the fire?
They discussed the way people never tell each other the things on their minds.
For three days, their stolid oxen had plodded up a blazing valley as flat and featureless as a dead sea.
The dust-thick saliva came from his mouth like balled cotton.
He cleansed his mouth with a small quantity.
Her temper sparked like charcoal when it first lights up.
Her chin sharpened.
"Maybe in time to make a cross and dig our graves".
She had jumped away from his shy touch like a cat confronted by a sidewinder.
"They knew I was a good sharecrop farmer back in Carolina, but out West was a chance to build a real farm of our own.
He hollered hoarsely, "Hang on"!
Their world turned black.
They were engulfed by the weird silence, broken only by the low, angry murmur of the river.
Out of compulsion to say something cheery, Ben Prime blurted, "Well, we were lucky to be on soft ground when the first floodheads hit.
It speared up into the air, then sinking back, the up-jutting branch turned slowly.
Of all their worldly belongings, next to the oxen and his gun, the seed grain had been the most treasured.
The spokes were tight again, the iron tires gripped onto the wheels as if of one piece.
His long nose wiggled at the smells of frizzling bacon and heating java, but the fire was low, and he wanted to waste no time.
Now, roaring up in great oily clouds of smoke and flames, the fierce heat quickly drove us to the stern where we huddled like suffocating sheep, not knowing what to do.
The Bonaventure was quivering and lurching like an old spavined mare.
Three days previously, we had steamed past barren Rennell Island in the distance.
I was puzzled by the remark, then I recalled the voice of mild Professor Howard Griggs three years ago in a university lecture on primitive societies.
"I think I know what you mean, Brassnose", I said.
It is Eromonga -- look hard, you can see with your naked eye the wooden scaffolding on the cliff".
It is the last of the three tests of manhood which the women impose, to discover if a male is worthy of survival there.
our sore and burned hands and arms need attention".
All my rosy visions of rest and even pleasure on this island vanished at the sight.
The man must have leaped to his death from the topmost rung of the tultul.
I felt a queasiness in my own stomach but it wouldn't do to show these girls that we were afraid.
At first, I thought he was out of his head, talking wildly like this.
In the hut to which I was assigned -- Max had his own quarters -- my food was brought to me by a wrinkled crone with bare drooping breasts who seemed to enjoy conversing with me in rudimentary phrases.
She quickly exploited the exalted position she now occupied, by harassing the disorganized males and even putting many of them to death.
In the shade of a palm tree in front of the squalid dwelling I saw four figures in a semi-circle on the ground.
Anyway, he doesn't deserve to lie there in the sun and be stared at.
Whenever he saw someone lying in the dirt, Ramey wondered what the person had been thinking and he would try out thoughts in his own mind.
It was a trick they used to try and conceal their identity when they followed trucks to check their speed.
She had driven up with her husband in a convertible with Eastern license plates, although the two drivers knew nothing at the moment about that.
The feeling subsided, it was only a small yearning.
The girl stopped but did not turn her head or acknowledge that someone had spoken to her.
He wore tennis shorts and a white sweater with a red V at the neck, the sleeves pushed above the elbows.
His words were mostly to himself.
Ramey saw sunlight touch the curly blonde hairs on the brown skin.
As he watched the man sit suddenly, a detached part of his mind observed how very difficult it was, really, to knock a man off his feet.
"What happened"?
An incoherent, puzzled sound came from the red mouth.
Ramey looked around and caught sight of his partner near the front end of the wrecked truck talking to the patrolman.
"You all right"?
But her hands were calm, now.
He knew her mind pretty well, by now, its quick perceptions and sympathies, its painful insistence on truth and directness, its capacity for love almost too deep for a man to reciprocate, even in part.
didn't it?
We're all God's creatures, aren't we, Penny?
The Brahmaputra has its headwaters in the tableland of the world, the towering white headwalls of the Himalayas that are unknown to man as any other space on the planet.
The RAF was Britain's weapon of attrition, and flying a fighter plane was the way her sons could serve her best at this point in the war.
The Nazis bombed Britain, so the RAF retaliated and shot them all down.
They don't go for bull-like muscle, as a rule.
The Nazis knew this, of course, and while their chief quarry was the industrial centers, they let a few drop every time they went over, hoping for a lucky hit.
Keith was on his feet because he didn't care at all about life any more: Penny on her feet, proudly, because she cared too much.
Keith told Penny about his dream to return to India and Burma.
The great black leopards.
Mouse deer played around the feet of the elephants, or fled when the mighty legs thrashed too close.
A phony blonde hanging onto a bygone youth and beauty, but irreparably stringy in the neck, she was already working on her second gin and tonic, though it was not yet ten A.M.
"I was down to 275.
I came up maybe fifty feet before I knew what was happening".
Now he was going to show how much he knew.
Personally, I don't blame him for giving up the dive, much as I regret losing the story".
He went to Key West every fall and winter and was the only man in town who did not know that his title of "Commodore" was never used without irony.
went into the forward stateroom and locked the door behind him.
His open face seemed to promise a sort of innocence, until one looked into his eyes, which had no warmth in them but only alert intelligence.
Waddell turned to face him.
Now I wish to enter the American market, where the competition is very strong.
He was most eager to make the dive;
Waddell asked.
It is not good, Mr. Waddell: you will do him great harm".
The German's words worked on the newspaperman like a reprieve from an odious duty.
The story was shaping up nicely in his mind: the young pioneer, as of old, altruistically braving the unknown;
And when I make the dive again" -- He paused;
He felt a good deal less shaky.
"I don't think you should go down again".
today;
Whichever the way, he would rot in this vast choking green, his wife never to receive an urn of his ashes.
The man leaned against a tree and wiped a sleeve across his face.
The callous marines had laughed at each other's retching, while stacking bodies.
Because he couldn't hear them, he was more convinced they were there.
How stupid to give his position away.
With a sudden decisiveness he lurched in Matsuo's direction, crossing the meadow in a zigzagging gallop.
Down the tree he scrambled and knelt at the edge of foliage.
around the hole, blood glistened in a little patch.
The cap was stuck and made a thin rusty squeaking as he applied pressure.
Some odor made him lean over the man.
In the caves, with other supplies, they had kept cases of sake.
Now and again he murmured something that ended in a giggle.
Matsuo wrenched free and burned the hands into retreat;
The marine was still.
Once and for all he'd finish this marine who would not die.
His superiors had said that all marines were depraved.
The marine shouted for it until it seemed that his voice had to crack.
There is nothing for you", Matsuo said.
"Since when did they allow beardless kids into the saloon bars of this town, boys"?
"Because I'm asking.
Tilghman flung himself aside, dropped on one knee and pulled his own gun.
Somebody brought a light.
The Reverend James Doran had scarcely completed Pat Conyers'last rites on Boot Hill in the township of Petrie, when shots were heard in the distance.
He sized up the situation and shook his head.
All he had to do was light the fuses of the dynamite sticks, run to within ten yards of an open window in the barn and hurl the sticks through.
The deeds of countless western bandits and outlaws have been glorified almost to the point of hero-worship, but because Billy Tilghman remained strictly on the side of the law throughout his action-packed career, his achievements and the appalling risks he took while taming the West have remained almost unsung.
The only evidence of occupation came from the chimney, which was belching out thick smoke.
Tilghman closed the door behind him and walked towards the fire.
Can't seem to locate landmarks in this snow".
He left the house and almost certain death without even increasing his pace and wondered by what remarkable stroke of Providence he had been allowed to come out alive.
"Billy Tilghman is too good a man to shoot in the back.
Sometimes he did this three or four times a day, for this Woman was almost always with him.
but if it had been, it had been smothered until now by fear): you could tell it by the way she watched the older, bigger boys, like Jack.
He didn't look back and he ran until he was out of sight of the schoolhouse and out of breath;
"No, I'm not hungry", he said, pushing back the bacon and eggs.
"OK., I won't play hard", he promised.
"No.
"Hell, I jist ask her".
Miss Langford, in a fresh white dress and low-heeled white sandals, without socks, was out there with them, trying to get them inside.
Occasionally he would look across the aisle at Margaret, fourteen and demure in a fresh green organdy dress, sitting in the sixth-grade row, and he could hardly believe she would do what Charles had said she did.
"Let's play with'em", Jack said, rising from where he sat on the ground and dusting off his overall pants.
He thought she gave him that look with the hidden something in it as he let her hand go.
When he came back to the schoolhouse, his mind was made up.
He scarcely saw them.
The slaves ran gaily to the center of Congo Square and gathered around a sweaty youth they called Johnny No-Name.
Although New Orleans was not to learn of it for a spell, she also was a sadist, a nymphomaniac and unobtrusively mad -- the perpetrator of some of the worst crimes against humanity ever committed on American soil.
I won't bite, you know".
Once inside the luxuriosly-upholstered landau, she drew the curtains and proceeded to give the startled youth the kind of physical examination usually reserved for army inductees.
Aristide Devol, the sardonic manservant who had been brought in chains years before from his native Sierra Leone, smiled thinly and touched his well-brushed beaver hat.
Delphine Lalaurie took the reins in her gloved hands and drove Dandy Brandon -- cowering in the back seat of the carriage -- to her mansion at 677 Perdido Street.
I want the room in the attic prepared for him He is a most unusual lad, quite precocious in many ways.
Airless and dingy though it was, the attic represented luxury to a slave who had led a wretched life with six brothers and sisters and assorted relatives in a shanty at Bayou St. John.
Feebly he pointed an accusing finger at Madame Lalaurie and shouted: "Evil woman!
It was our hope to educate him and to give him his freedom when the right time came, for he was a bright and friendly youth who seemed worthy of our interest.
Moreover, runaway slaves frequently got into serious trouble in New Orleans'dives.
the coachman and Delphine were gaining on her as she raced down Perdido Street.
Ever since all that.
at first gratingly, caught by grains of corn -- then with a clash into its slot.
Then the boy straight-armed himself up, twisting at the last moment so he landed sitting.
He was big, and filthy, and his toes stuck out of the flapping tops of his shoes.
This guy was strictly from Outsville.
And besides, the chick had a little something the others didn't have.
Feathertop aimed a finger at him.
Hmm -- diddle!
Ernie found it immensely funny.
C'mon, buddy, help me set up the kitchen and we'll have food in a minute or two".
He reached once more into the carpet bag and brought up a package of wieners.
"How come you're riding the rods, kids like you"?
It was my fault".
You never heard nothin'like it: Kitty's gonna go have an abortion, and Kitty's gonna go away to a convent, and Kitty's this and Kitty's that like he was nuts or somethin', y'know"?
What they got, you get.
Real big, with shoulders out to here, and hair all over him like a grizzly.
He threw his head back, closed his eyes, and belched ferociously.
The newcomer stalked toward them, and Kitty shied back, her hand to her mouth.
He fisted the knife overhand, and drew back to plunge it into the kid's throat.
Or the surging whirling sounds of bats at night, when their black bodies dived into the blackness above and below the amber street lights.
But the past was dead here as the present was dead.
She thought she was bigger than we are because she came from Torino".
But if the Old Man even thought about his wife now, nobody cared a fig.
But when he called for his withered, wrinkled sister Rose to care for him and the children, had he guessed that all he would remember of his woman was the memory of her climbing into that streetcar?
It slashed the sloping manure-scented lawns with concrete steps which climbed upward to white wooden porches.
Yet everywhere else sameness was stucco and wood in square blocks -- like fortresses perched against the slant of the hill, rising with the hill to the top where the church was and beyond that to the cemetery.
The Old Man's son threw himself down, belly first, upon a concrete step, taking in the coolness of it, and dreaming of the day he would be rich.
He would square his shoulders and carry a cane before each step.
One lithe leg straddled the railing and swung loosely before the creaking, torn pales.
"She's in a mood", he thought "There's not a month she doesn't get herself in a mood".
Pompeii rolled over.
Time enough to give up his soul.
She stopped flying into rages and started digesting her food;
"It seems to me you have enough to do as it is", Eugenia said.
"Evadna Mae Evans said she didn't put a thing on her child but a flannel wrapper until it was nine months old".
"I have here that you could run a nursery of your own for working mothers", Eugenia said.
She said, "Well, those are the really interesting things, but if you don't like any of those I can turn over some of my extra typing jobs to you, if you think you can type well enough".
"What"?
That kind of poverty was regarded as the exclusive property of the East, which created depressions with their stock markets and their congested populations and their greedy centralization of industries, protected by discriminatory freight rates.
Something had to be done about the furnace, the fuel bills, the washing machine, the doctor and dentist bills, about making money stretch for food, for the mortgage, for taxes, for shoes, for half soles, for overshoes, for clothes, for the new leaks in the roof, for gas and light bills;
Grandma said it was just like the early mining camp days, and it was the way people ought to live, only she was getting too old to take the pleasure from it that she used to.
She didn't want to be the only one with a stove in her room, especially as her life span was nearly run out anyway, and she insisted that Hope have the heater.
"I read it, yes.
The sun's right" --
This -- trip of his had nothing to do with her consorting with tenants, and I am going to see that everybody at Mt. Pleasant understands that simple fact.
"Make your confession to God, Kizzie dear, not to the congregation".
Let none but Him who rules the thunder
Surely now his beloved son could rest in peace.
It didn't bother him for everybody from the blacksmith to the preacher to say, "Howdy, Miss Jenny", adding a careless "Roy", but it did her.
Another weakness -- far more irritating than his manner of speaking, which he made only token effort to change -- was his devotion to that old horse of Tolley's.
Never, "Quit that, you sor'l devil"!
Night after night he stayed with Gunny in the dead of winter, rubbing her with quarts of expensive liniment, fussing over her bran mash as the cook did over charlotte russe, tracking manure on the pretty new carpet when he did come to the house.
Handsomest colt in all Kentucky.
Doc Dunne and Miss Sis had come.
He didn't tell Miss Jen, but she must have got word from the cook or nurse, who of course knew those Quinzaine nigs, and she really took a fit.
Zion was surprised when Roy's buggy stopped beside her on the pike one early summer day as she was walking home from the country school where she was teaching now that Eph Showers had had a call to preach in some mountain town.
"He must have forgiven me", Henrietta murmured to the room.
there had been lessons in French from a small Polish nobleman with a really profound distaste for his pupils;
Perhaps they would argue that morality consisted just of that ability to see a choice.
She closed her eyes, remembering the small French cemetery, enclosed by stone walls.
Outside, the garden, the tame wilderness, yielded a patchwork bouquet of daisies, sweet william, scented stock and lady's bedstraw, which she tied with long grasses and took back to show Rosa, who was now stirring about the kitchen and haranguing Folly.
She smiled and bowed, recalling the princess-in-a-carriage feeling she had enjoyed when she was a child.
"They'll be takin'me next", he said pleasantly, "but not so soon's they plan.
It rests the tissues".
She said gently, "Of course I remember you".
"Probably", said Henrietta dryly.
"Milk and sops"!
"To the graveyard.
She put a strong hand under the old man's arm and lifted him up, patiently, with the gentle cruelty and necessary tyranny that the young show toward the very old.
The day's sun was gathering its strength in gold, and she wished she had brought her parasol, if only to shade Doaty's flowers.
Tommy Momoyama was one of these fortunate occasions.
Tommy had been assigned to the psychopathic ward.
if Tommy sat long enough, she would be sure to see all the young officers she had met in San Diego and Long Beach.
It was as if foreign duty implied and excused license;
The nice-looking young officer fell back on his heels, open-mouthed and blushing.
He muttered, and took off, obviously feeling like a fool.
She looked around, self-consciously.
And so she was, and would remain.
It was terribly off key, and poorly done, and Tommy could never admit to herself that male companionship was a very natural and important thing, but all at once she felt lonesome and put-upon.
She promised that she would soon take a few day's leave and visit the uncle she had never seen, on the island of Oyajima -- which was not very far from Yokosuka.
He had come into the Navy too young, with the image of the fun-loving Guns Appleby before him.
At Yokosuka he was restricted to the confines of the Base because Walt Perry, being thoughtful, knew that Doc might have to draw some medical supplies from the hospital or the Supply Base.
"I'll be there, but I'll walk", Doc said.
I could, he thought, take a long walk -- but where?
Owen wanted to be pleasant because Buzz worked the territory next to his, but he hadn't come to Reno for stag dinners.
She frowned at his green pajamas with the yellow moons.
Smug, Owen thought, smug and sappy.
The more canvassing I do, the more I note how far most people are from their personal God".
I feel it's my duty.
"I didn't say it was Christian.
he had to find some way to close this impossible conversation.
Can't you help them"?
then he realized he was hungry.
Although it was only three o'clock, he stopped in at the Golden Calf.
All, of course, except the Donner party who were bent on starving to death.
"What are you playing"?
I'm with the Bar-H, pushing a horse called Sparky.
he studied the pistol exhibition that Hurrays featured as an added attraction.
Owen found Buzz watching chuck-a-luck.
"We'll see you around later".
"If you go broke", she said, smiling up at him, "I'll leave you".
Spencer was quiet for a moment longer, then he said, "There is nothing I want to say, Captain".
"More arrests, I fear".
An African knife and battle-ax are at this moment being sharpened by McKinley and Green.
I saw him myself and it was done after consultation with Cromwell.
Wilson, shackled and snarling, was thrown with the other prisoners and was soon joined by Green, McKee and McKinley.
Besides, suppose we hold a court of inquiry, then what?
We are not going to be rushed and murdered", Alexander said.
"Under arms day and night, watch and watch about.
It was given or it was not given.
Dear God, at what a price.
I know nothing of any plot, if there is such a thing".
Alexander shifted his gaze to Spencer.
And because fortune had favored neither the prisoner nor the red-haired captain, they would be each other's undoing.
His eyes went back to contemplation of the sea.
Rachel steered me along toward a school for young boys beginning to study the Torah.
I turned and watched him stride down the center of the road.
We entered one where the front door stood ajar and climbed a flight of steep steps to the main floor.
His black beard dripped down over the front of his coat.
Since they did not glance curiously at us once, I guessed that there was a penalty for distraction.
Some of them ignored the texts and had apparently memorized the words long ago.
I said, "How long do they keep that up"?
Then I picked it up again and handed it to the old man.
I was amazed.
She said, "Sometimes I think they are keeping religion for us while we play around.
When she loved, it was with a passion that drove her along and carried along with her those things she loved.
She was most strange woman.
The soles of her sandals reported sharply on the cobblestones.
There was a refugee who was able to come here because of her.
He loved the son and was always glad to be sent back to him.
"Yes", I said.
She came to me one day.
Reuveni took her with him wherever he went.
The big waking up had happened.
And the bed that sagged in a certain place where all the weight had been put too many times before and the walls fine and thin for overhearing talk in the next room when Gratt went out for ice, the sound coming through the walls like something on the other side of the curtain, so you knew they heard you when they were quiet and while you lay wondering what they had heard you listened.
And most of all it is not having the only man you could love, whether he drives a bread truck or delivers the mail or checks the berry crates down at the sheds, or owns seventeen oil wells and six diamond mines, for if you are anybody what he is or does makes no difference if he is the one.
You feel him every mile further away.
"Damn the world", she thought.
You were sorry when he finished talking because while he was up there you were someone else and the world was something else too.
The toilet hadn't had a sincere scrubbing in years and there were things written on the walls of the little boxed-in place because you couldn't keep the public out -- entirely.
I remember once I did a jacket for Magpie Press;
And girls couldn't have dressed like that -- it isn't transparent enough".
There was the freshness of color, the freedom of perception, the lack of self-consciousness, but with a twist that made the forms leap from the page and smack you in the eye.
I wanted to paint again.
This set his tone: richness of texture and color, and another kind of richness as well, for his clothing and decorations would have paid the Brush-off's rent for a year.
Like certain expensive restaurants, just sitting there gave you the illusion of being wealthy yourself.
It is as large as all of art, interdependent, varied, multitudinous".
"I'm studying anatomy with Burns", he replied.
He must be a million years old.
"He has the magical eye.
He was a propagandist -- they weren't afraid of the word, then -- satirist, nature lover, philosopher, scientist, what you will, a member of every party and of no party.
In a way, Askington was right.
"I can't find it in the glove compartment".
She looked as if she were accusing me of some fraud.
I don't even own the house I'm standing in.
At last, I thought, she's recovering her spirits.
Prisoners brought to the dock accused of murder or accident say they cannot remember, and reading the accounts of their testimony you cannot believe that the mind can remove, absent itself, unsee.
I, who until that day before had been Mrs. Salter's friend, her equal, was the servant now.
The last night I had called, but the line was always busy and it reassured me.
But I didn't really think it was as simple as that, nor did anyone else.
Was that what had given way in me?
she persisted in explaining how and why she had advised Mrs. Salter to return to the country.
If she chose, and in that final decision discarded, what, above all, all of us value, life itself, must she not have risen to her fullest height, and transcending her murky self, felt at last the passion of a great moral decision?
I knelt, just for decency I thought at the time, but found myself whispering, "Our Father which Art in Heaven" And it was only after that that something unlocked in me and I felt a grief.
"Uhhu".
"What about me"?
"You talk so well, Carla", he went on.
You know something more about me every day, don't you?
He straightened up, ready to vent his exasperation, then grew afraid.
Look at them".
"Oh, Sam.
Then they took a taxi to Trastevere.
She might like to take him to St. Peter's.
It would be good for her.
It was too bad he wasn't a Catholic himself.
It seemed to him that if the Ferraros felt sure of them, could place them, it would help him to feel more sure of himself with Carla.
"I am what I am.
Acting only as interpreter Carla, her hands folded on her lap, was utterly impersonal.
Regretfully Sam explained that he had no experience with boxcars.
The Holy Father would die soon, she said to Carla, so she could translate for Sam, although he had a brilliant doctor, a man who did not need the assistance of those doctors offered by the great rulers of the world.
Surely she could see that these women were her Italians, too, he thought.
Seeing her come, he caught his breath, feeling his heart bounce in him, and turned away, afraid now.
Standing there she saw Shades of Night come through the trees and stop beside the lodge, silent, almost imperious, her body taut, simply standing without speaking or moving while the wife of Walitzee waited, perhaps denying the dread that moved in her.
"You bring only wickedness", she said and it was not to a child any longer but to another woman who had come to skirt her lodge with the cunning hunger of a wild animal.
They were all shouting at her as if she were the embodiment of the evil she brought.
"Get into your hovel"!
Lie back and go to sleep.
She felt the lash bite and heard her father say in crazed monosyllables words which had no meaning, like, "unnnt!
Then, without knowing why, she found herself running from them, fleeing wildly through the trees, dodging her own shadows until she came to a little hollow in the rocky ground with a big stone in the center behind which she knelt and hid, listening to the madness of her heart and wanting for once to cry.
They danced the paxam wildly at night, the war dance, and dipped their arrowheads in the venom of rattlesnakes and rode their horses in swift maneuvers, firing their few guns in unison at some indeterminate signal.
Walitzee whitened his leggings with clay, knowing the girl watched from her place in the trees.
And so the sun came up again and for a moment its color was the young men's blood, shifting then into the full heat and outcry which ran with their hearts.
She stood, once more listening.
She had accomplished a miracle.
Oh God!
He would not be indebted to Sam!
the stains weren't too apparent;
Perhaps George Rawlings would be better off dead.
This was some freak, two strands of adhesive tape across his nose, like ugly roots from the mass of gauze, suddenly moist over his cheekbones.
"Father, is that you"?
"Gosh!
"You're leaving"?
Her face seemed to float in an implausibly bright shaft of sunlight.
"I have to say good-bye upstairs.
She had disappeared.
"I can manage".
He had never felt particularly close to her.
"I know you feel badly, but that sounds like such a queer thing for you to say".
Abruptly he reached into his pocket.
You, also.
George walked steadily ahead into his entry.
No, please -- no visit today -- I'll be asleep.
Happened to be driving somewhat intoxicated last night.
I wouldn't want to ask for a postponement -- it's really just a routine thing.
He had put down the receiver.
"That's a peculiar way to think".
Upstairs, busy feet, showering like raindrops, pattered around her room.
"Myra wanted me to thank you for taking Cathy.
but she had stayed all winter, and Cathy had stayed all winter too -- with them.
And not for one moment did she believe that Myra had settled down.
Lucy knew her too well to find it impossible.
their talk and their feeling had been as deep and warm, as steeped in light, as the air around them.
The only thing that had ever come between them was that worthless, selfish sister of his.
Susan stared at him with hurt blue eyes that gushed an instant grief;
And at this point, Lucy thought, there should be a lecture on little cousins'sharing dolls -- but she could sympathize with Susan;
She turned and began to walk toward the house.
How long would it be occupied?
Many times since his death that memory had worried and troubled her.
Lucy drew out the chair and sat down;
"Well" -- This time there was a long silence, while the telephone hummed faintly with a voiceless life.
She hesitated, as though hunting over words and ways of putting them.
She said.
The child's thin legs were plodding.
For eleven days they'd done the same thing, leaving the cottage quietly before breakfast, before Esperanza Beach got jammed with tourists and beach balls and show-offy lifeguards.
)
He hadn't intended to make the promise.
Look, I can put two fingers between the cords in the back of your neck.
Victoria was fourteen months younger than Quint, a head taller, and could lick any boy or girl on the beach.
"Goolick, goooolick", creaked a sea gull.
She smelled of peppermints.
"Ever hear of squatter's rights"?
"I can speak both kinds of Latin, smart aleck".
"My mother never wops me.
Or say a waiter brings you a bowl of soup with a dead fly in it -- all you got to do is bannnnnng, stooooomp your cane on the floor.
He's braver than he looks.
"So do I.
My hair is what he's nuts about.
As for dancing -- holy mackerel, he ought to see the gypsies in Jerez;
Nobody ever appreciated his jokes as much as Sabella.
"Ever thought about going on the stage"?
Boy, could she catch!
As for his promise -- oh, he had plenty of time, buckets of time.
"Children, we'll have to get organized.
The metal collar gagging his neck?
And wasn't John's wife, Edythe, even more appalling, if possible?
John had claimed her from the stag line, a young man a year out of Dartmouth with skiing crinkles still around his eyes.
And then there was Linda's engagement to Bobbie Evans.
She is frivolous and scatterbrained, but she really isn't shallow".
Mousie said it was because he was too proud to stand pity.
She never could fit into a crowd which had known, which still knew and admired Linda.
Bobbie had been successful, too, though he didn't match John's pace, and after all he didn't need to, with all the Stuart money.
She knew what people were thinking;
Years of watching while Poor John struggled without the help and understanding of the kind of wife a man needed to get ahead.
Lord knows I had everything set for you".
With that wife of his, I think he feels every chance he gets is his big chance.
When he was made a vice president only a year after the new sales job, a leading business magazine ran his photograph with a brief biography in a series on national business leaders of the future.
"You scared me half to death", I said shakily.
We're at Ken Thom's apartment, and when one couple leaves early everything falls flat!
So sure that money could do anything!
"Mrs. Roberts had called, and couldn't wake you.
I crossed the beautifully furnished living room to the pale yellow phone.
But then I looked at Shirley and thought that I might as well -- the child needed her sleep, and Heaven knew what kind of a mess it would be, with Wally coming home drunk.
"Pack -- and get out"!
And the other people there were listening!
And we don't have any money -- we don't have a dime!
"In the morning you and Wally can talk things out" --
I snuggled up close to him -- loving him -- thankful for a man like him.
"I thought I'd smooth things over through Ken", Wally said miserably.
Little by little, during the week, Chris and I discovered the crazy unbelievable way Nadine and Wally had lived.
"I'm glad you feel that way, honey.
"I won't do it", I said flatly.
Then Wally got sick.
It was a mess, all right.
"The high school kids have got everything sewed up", he said, a whine in his voice.
But the rest of it, the main part, wasn't based on logic at all.
I was lucky in lots of ways, no doubt about it.
I had a feeling that young Pete Michelson, the most promising intern at Fairview, had something to do with it, too.
There wasn't anything of special interest that morning, no one sicker than they should have been.
The moment I walked in, the whole miserable feeling of the day seemed to focus on the woman in the bed.
No, no it was an unfortunate resemblance, that was all it was, and I turned to Dick, forcing myself to put my disquiet out of my mind.
I never liked going straight into an examination with patients -- it relaxes them, I've always thought, to chat first.
She shook her head.
Late in the afternoon, I was up on Seven again.
We'll do a D. and C. and get her permission for a hysterectomy.
"I sure can't complain about the service in this place", she said.
"Suppose you let me explain.
She smiled, a smile without humor.
This was someone who'd come down in the world, I thought.
She was watching me intently, a funny little half-smile on her lips.
Well, don't worry.
And this was Gladdy's mother!
I was slowly swimming down to the bottom of the sea.
I chuckled aloud, and the mouthpiece fell out.
I had a pocketful of money, which was unusual when I was in the army, and the plane would be grounded all night.
She was eating bread and cheese just as fast as she possibly could, and washing it down with red wine.
And so off we went to her apartment.
I went to my hotel and slept.
A good binge has that kind of therapeutic value.
It gave her poise and posture.
)
"
I could see the ancient cynicism reinforce itself in her eyes, and I wondered how many men she had picked up with this same gambit.
I couldn't be sure.
I decided thirty-five was the best estimate of her age.
She exclaimed, smiling.
She asked innocently.
As we ate, we talked.
I know men never kiss les putains".
It was like a long thin line drawn through a pink circle.
I didn't ask for a Jeroboam of champagne".
England, France, Germany, Switzerland, and Italy had all been rendered for her time and again, and between the prescribed hours of pills and tonics, she had conceived a dreamy passion by lamplight, to see all these places with her own eyes.
She had heard about it the night before at her hotel.
Content excited;
Cousin Emma had simply put Miss Theresa Stubblefield, Rome, Italy, on the envelope, had walked up to the post office in Tuxapoka, Alabama, and mailed it with as much confidence as if it had been a birthday card to her next-door neighbor.
But alas George, when he had written, had only just returned from going to Tuxapoka to Cousin Elec's funeral.
As for Cousin Alexander Carraway, the only thing Theresa could remember at the moment about him (except his paper knife) was that he had had exceptionally long hands and feet and one night about one o'clock in the morning the whole Stubblefield family had been aroused to go next door at Cousin Emma's call -- first Papa, then Mother, then Theresa and George.
"Drop a cold key down his back".
The other possibility is to make arrangements for her to let out one or two of the rooms to some teacher of good family or one of those solitary old ladies that Tuxapoka is populated with -- Miss Edna Whittaker, for example.
She got up, standing uncertainly for a moment, then moving aside to let go past her, talking, a group of young men.
Theresa turned away to escape, and climbed to a higher landing where the steps divided in two.
The trouble is, Theresa thought, that while everything that happens there is supposed to matter supremely, nothing here is supposed even to exist.
"Oh put it there"!
Even if they ever did say anything about people like Lucille Warren, I know they wouldn't have dreamed of saying it in front of me.
But it didn't seem fair.
And now Lucille Warren had gotten a look at him.
Johnnie loved me and wanted me.
You know".
"You wouldn't".
It was all my doing -- his seeing her.
And, though at the time I blushed to admit it even to myself, there was in me a growing desire, a sexual awareness, that Johnnie had set in motion, an awareness that no other man had ever triggered.
And I snuggled closer to the man I loved.
Infinite peace, complete contentment.
He'd not only told me so, he'd proved it.
It wasn't, I was sure, a difference in age that came between people, but a difference in maturity.
"Always".
So I went to Boston.
"Need a pumpkin to get to the party"?
But when Johnnie disguised the taste with ginger ale, I enjoyed it.
Not for me".
Breakfast, he thought.
Ah, yes -- his half of a refrigerator stood outside, on the "curving veranda" between Unit Number Three and Unit Number Four.
Charlie had accepted the diagnosis without comment.
"Three-day blow"!
Better get in out of the wet".
He thought about it for a minute, could find no reasonable explanation for the presence of a sweater in the refrigerator, got the salami, bread, and a Bermuda onion, and put the whole thing out of his mind.
but on the other hand, he didn't want her swiping his salami.
Pink, Vivian once had told him, was for baby girls, and grown-up girls who wore pink were subconsciously clinging to their infancy.
Be a scorcher by afternoon".
Hardly an inviting description.
Clearly, two damp days with the Bobbsey Twins had done him no good.
Thanks", was her answer the next day.
"Gee, neither do I".
He spent that afternoon on the beach, looking for a pale, browny-haired girl in a pink bathing suit.
Hope you don't mind".
Suppose what's-his-name got a sunburn?
How's your cold"?
There was a crowd in the stands for a change and the sun was hot.
Phil spun around and made an accurate throw into Mike Deegan's hands on third base.
The game was resumed.
He simply turned to Mike and smiled.
By the time the fielder got his hands on the ball Deegan was rounding third base and heading for home.
He did not move.
Mike sat quietly watching the manager come nearer.
"You didn't have to ram him".
He arose slowly and brushed himself off.
"Listen"!
They were both walking towards each other, unhurried.
Frankie Ricco sat down on the bench near Phil.
He pushed his jaw forward.
"Phil, come into my office", Eddie said.
"No", Eddie said.
"Now listen to me, Phil.
But what you haven't got is the heart to back up that talent with.
That's what I mean by no heart for the game.
It's only his opinion.
Phil shut the door behind him.
"I don't get it".
"What are you gonna do, Phil"?
"Ask Whitey for a job".
He needs outfielders bad".
He was enormously happy with her gift and smiled, then went to his room to read.
He was awarded a fellowship to continue his studies in Tokyo and he packed up his clothes, the biwa upon which he had been practicing and his image of Acala, and left to spend a week at home before leaving the country.
Then he sped from the dark basement and returned to his room and cried.
In time, he grew to depend upon her occasional company and she at length was able to encourage him to participate in more social activity.
Sushi was Out because it was pretentious.
I've been there a number of times.
"My God, it was cold today", said Samuel Burns.
He found himself trying to remember something, but he couldn't decide even the nature of what it was he worked to recall.
The sensation he so overwhelmingly realized was one which told him he had been there before but he knew he had not, and could not recall any place he had visited to be likened to the limpid green water or the little fountain-falls or the green demon imprisoned beyond his reach.
He stayed home, reading and refusing to think about his frightening experience at Ryusenji.
It lay half in the furrow and half out, and the front wheels had rolled nearly up to it when I put in the clutch.
The colors were astonishing, clear and bright, and it was as if the body held a fire of its own, and the colors came through that transparent flesh and skin, vivid and alive and warm.
The sharp, burning colors of his body stood brilliant and plain against the black soil, like a target.
I could see the hunched-up shoulders, the savage determination, the dance of his feet as he ground the snake with his heels, and the pirouette of his arms as he whipped at it with the stick.
I knew the boy well.
the killing was already forgotten in that clear mind of his.
"Snakes are ugly and bad".
"They are ugly and they eat chickens and I hate snakes".
The beautifully-tapered head, so delicate and so cool, had been flattened as if in a vise, and the forked tongue splayed out of the twisted, torn mouth.
He said.
He looked up at me, puzzled, and he swayed his head from side to side.
This was the letter which would or would not enroll his son, David, in Hanford.
Pete's son was rejected.
He stopped and looked at the picture of his son, the picture on his desk which had changed with the years from a laughing baby to a candidate for Hanford College.
He paced to the window and looked at the city he had helped to build.
He belonged to a social club, a civic group, little theater, swimming team, and had been president of the student forum as well as treasurer of the science club.
A woman had it or she didn't.
Be our guest!
Real bright along those lines, you might say.
So sorry.
She always could sense the shag end of a woolly day.
Carefully he put down his steak knife and said loudly, "Mr. Chairman"!
Dave shrugged on his sports coat and picked up the car keys.
"Let's go into the library.
Here's what I wrote".
"And the swimming team.
He was mad about stars at the age of nine.
Even in that he never solos like Jack on guitar or Rich on sax.
Anne laughed and Cady felt the tension loosen its grip on the back of his neck.
Just what"?
Cady put the well-worn chip back on his shoulder.
Martin felt it was incredible that the situation had come to exist at all.
Half slyly he enjoyed seeing her stoop to lift the things.
All Martin thought he needed was time: to what better use could time be put?
"I think you'll get tired of them there".
Quietly he determined to foil her.
Martin turned his back.
For some reason, this ellipsis in the conversation spread until it swallowed up every other topic.
At once.
But his mother told the story over and over, till her "Martin said he was sorry" was as much a part of her as the shape of her thin, pallid ears.
It was curious how the different visitors took this.
"You were in a hurry, weren't you"?
Dolores kept picking up any of his clothes (except the fatal shorts) which he left about, but he had been robbed of pleasure in scattering his possessions.
Pursuing his idea, he saw that it would be impossible to leave her now.
Beside his shorts, he would place something of hers.
Something in the back of his mind was aware that the magnificence of the plan lay in his faith, that the idea would work because he believed in it, since his courage and virility were involved, because it was truly his.
She did not look at him, but he noticed that her face was flushed and her eyes unsteady.
Once it was, William thought.
he generally heard Freddy's suggestions without interest, being absorbed by his own prospering concerns.
The Allstates Auto Company, a medium-sized firm which manufactured four-wheel-drive vehicles and other off-road equipment, had recently constructed an over-large, modern plant in a burst of misguided optimism.
It's his expert opinion that the plant isn't well suited to what you have in mind.
"Well", he said, "there is Freddy, you know.
Willis laughed.
Adam, beset by changing defense conditions and the open secret that he was part of the new corporation, couldn't deliver from his end.
His recent experience in motor car advertising, a love for cars of themselves, the existence of A-Z's useless Wisconsin set-up, exposure to exciting conceptions of Hamrick's that nobody would buy, and the coincidental recent failure of a respected but out-dated small-car manufacturer called Ticonderoga Motors had given him an idea of such dimensions he was almost afraid to broach it.
Well, I can't resolve this myself.
I hate that.
"You're leading Dad down the garden path".
Their cars weren't small enough, they didn't have the power, they were old-fashioned.
He swayed them somewhat, but the debate raged on.
You're up against it anyhow.
Across the table, Hamrick saluted him jubilantly with an encircled thumb and forefinger.
On their way, they stopped at every gas station along the main boulevards to question the attendants.
The attempt had failed because, when endeavoring to cut his wrists, this murderer of seven women had fainted at the sight of blood.
So he paid a call on Barco in his cell and began their chat by stating bluntly:
It required strength, bravado, daring to commit murder.
I can lead you to every one of the bodies, and there ain't four, nor five, nor six of'em -- there's seven!
Welch was worried.
The digger, thrusting about with his shovel, now raised into view a package crudely wrapped in one of the murderer's Hollywood sport shirts.
It would be fine publicity for the man who was willing to walk to the mayor's throne over the broken reputation of a helpless girl!
the air was thick with smoke, empty bottles were in evidence, and several of the guests were somewhat the worse for liquor.
He never rested until he discovered who the culprit was, and when he did, he vowed vengeance on Viola Lake if ever the chance came his way.
But Mother insisted, for it is seldom indeed that anyone remotely connected with the cinema is ever received in their exclusive midsts.
The most that was accomplished was adding Mrs. Beige's tray to the dish pile, and by means of repeated threats, on an ascending scale, seeing that the girls dressed themselves, after a fashion.
Under the circumstances, I had difficulty keeping up with the conversation on the phone, but when I hung up I was reasonably certain that Francesca had wanted to remind me of our town meeting the next evening, and how important it was that Hank and I be there.
We didn't even know them till about a month after we moved -- at that time, they had called on us, after I met Fran at a PTA meeting, and had taken us in hand socially.
No, not Bermuda.
It was all set up so there would be no dust anywhere and so that their children would color in the coloring room, paint in the painting room, play with blocks in the block house, and do all the other things in the proper rooms at exactly the right time.
even brand names.
If Blanche had been honest, she would have yelled, slammed at least a couple of doors, and thrown a few little, valueless things.
the pets were a couple of Siamese cats.
In real life.
I sighed, thinking that among other things, people here seemed to be those who would have to cut down if they earned less than $85,000 yearly;
Then, I remembered that the girls had had a banana for dessert every day for the last week.
Then Jennie closed her eyes, stretched forth her arms, and said: "Take my hand, Louise;
It was then that I availed myself of the rights of a citizen and declared the income tax unconstitutional.
Albert Einstein was quoted as saying: "The workings of the woman's mind amaze me".
Even though I have always had a genius for "throwing myself" into every role and "playing it for all it's worth", no actress can be expected to do her best work when her fortune, her reputation, her livelihood, her home and her nation itself are all imperilled.
) As for his private monies, they were rapidly dissipated in drinking, gaming and carousing.
)
Our last joint venture, Sainted Lady, a deeply religious film based on the life of Mother Cabrini, and timed so that its release date would coincide with the beatification of America's first saint in November, 1938, was a fiasco from start to finish.
He made many tasteless, irreverent and unfunny remarks, not only about me in the title role, but about religion in general.
In clothes, Letch simply did not project.
"What is Letch interested in"?
His dogs?
It worried him, this inability to get the simplest things done in the course of a day.
Perhaps it was his misfortune, or good fortune, whichever way one looked at it, to belong to the former group, and he was struggling unconsciously to build up pressure in a world which demanded none, which was positively antagonistic to it.
At least he could buy the equipment for his workshop.
When he returned home, the station wagon loaded with tools, Jinny had gone with a friend to some meeting in the village, using the recently purchased second car.
After the pegboard there would be the paneling.
Mr. Crombie poked at it gingerly with his foot.
That was why he hadn't been able to finish the porch.
So Mr. Crombie sat on a wooden box and talked in order to keep Mr. Blatz's mind from funny things.
I guess you know about that.
Mr. Crombie watched his wife with an anxious expression.
But the discussion was academic.
One species of ambiguity tries to baffle by interweaving repetition.
Now would you care to have us say that you were misquoted in regard to it"?
The misplaced modifier is another species more honored in the observance of obscurity than in the breach.
"I see the girl but I don't see the car with slacks on".
Many Shapes in bathtubs.
She kissed him passionately upon his reappearance.
A conscientious girl became the secretary of a doctor.
So she brought the fish in whole, and she carried a lemon in her mouth.
"It was only the other day that I saw something of yours, about something or other, in some magazine".
"Of course, dear", she said.
The bodies must be cleaned and seats wiped off".
She continued.
"No", she smiled, "objected".
It-wit is a misnomer because it covers slips as well as wit.
"I was wrong", I admitted.
I asked, taking a final gulp of my drink, and handing him the empty glass.
Moreland asked.
"Cryptic", I said.
"One day our species promises co-existence, and the next day it threatens co-extinction".
"Do you think we need a new Henry James to re-explore the Anglo-American scene"?
"I am worried about the current meanings of the word funny.
Recently, by the way, I received a questionnaire in which I was asked whether or not I was non-institutionalized".
"If you saw the drama called Rhinoceros", I said, "think of the effect it would have on an audience of rhinos when the actor on stage suddenly begins turning into a rhinoceros.
It consists in saying,'That would be sending the goat to look after the cabbage.
In our age of Science and Angst it seems to me more brave to stay on Earth and explore inner man than to fly far from the sphere of our sorrow and explore outer space".
This is the force, in our time and in every other time, that urges the paranoiac and the manic-depressive to become head of a state.
Arlene was boosting them up when the policeman came by.
Arlene had taught them a new way to have fun in their little private area;
"Just you wait", advised Arlene, echoing the dialogue in a recent British movie.
Those were especially the ones that all other grownups laughed at loudest.
"Imagine being able to laugh and wink when you're like the top part of that picture frame at home", one of them said.
This time, it was so grand;
But it was even funnier after they had been told.
and they did some somersaults.
They were a little late in getting home.
but he said it too soon, for it came out just before the tap to which the door responded.
Also, when she had bitten off half of the small radish, she found the suspense unbearable;
"I reached into that funny little pocket that is high up on my dress.
nobody could have told why.
He liked children, in a loathsome kind of way;
This could be told chiefly from a sort of head-tossing and prancing, a horselike balkiness of demeanor.
Eh"?
He asked.
"You what"?
Pueri aquam de silvas ad agricolas portant, a delightful vignette set in the unforgettable epoch of pre-Punic War Rome.
According to the myth, Old Order then vanishes at stage left and reappears at extreme stage right, but Director Shuz skillfully sidesteps the rather gooshey problem of stage effects by simply having Miss Arapacis walk across the stage.
For example, when the film is only four minutes old, Neitzbohr refers to a small, Victorian piano stool as "Wilhelmina", and we are thereupon subjected to a flashback that informs us that this very piano stool was once used by an epileptic governess whose name, of course, was Doris (the English equivalent, when passed through middle-Gaelic derivations, of Wilhelmina).
But now, under the guidance of the contemporary composer Marc Schlek, Jr., a major revival is under way.
The action centers about a group of outspoken and offbeat students sitting around a table in a cafeteria and their collective and ultimately fruitless search for a cup of hot coffee.
Max, in a fit of despair, takes Alicia and runs off for two marvelous weeks in Burbank (Fink calls it "the most wonderful and lovely fourteen days in my whole life"), at the end of which Alicia tragically contracts Parkinson's disease and dies.
Soaring to stardom along with him, Margo Felicity Brighetti, a luscious and curvaceously beguiling Italian starlet, turns in a creditable performance as an airplane mechanic.
Dear Sirs: Let me begin by clearing up any possible misconception in your minds, wherever you are.
Quite candidly, fellows, I wouldn't be in your shoes for all the rice in China.
So much for the tiresome facts, as familiar to you, I'm sure, as to the constables and state troopers who followed in your wake.
Well, ordinarily he is, except (as the Wheel of the Law specifies) toward impious folk who steal, disturb, or maltreat the Presence.
They hail from Travancore, a state in the subcontinent where Kali, the goddess of death, is worshiped.
The cycle of disaster starts the moment they touch any belonging of ours, and dogs them unto the forty-fifth generation.
The more I probed into this young man's activities and character, the less savory I found him.
He's really asking for it".
He evolved programs that plumbed new depths of bathos and besmirched whole networks, and quickly superseded his boss.
Additionally, since you're going to be hors de combat pretty soon with sprue, yaws, Delhi boil, the Granville wilt, liver fluke, bilharziasis, and a host of other complications of the hex you've aroused, you mustn't expect to be lionized socially.
