The Fulton County Grand Jury said Friday an investigation of Atlanta's recent primary election produced "no evidence" that any irregularities took place.
It urged that the city "take steps to remedy" this problem.
The jury said it found the court "has incorporated into its operating procedures the recommendations" of two previous grand juries, the Atlanta Bar Association and an interim citizens committee.
Mayor William B. Hartsfield filed suit for divorce from his wife, Pearl Williams Hartsfield, in Fulton Superior Court Friday.
Hartsfield has been mayor of Atlanta, with exception of one brief interlude, since 1937.
The largest hurdle the Republicans would have to face is a state law which says that before making a first race, one of two alternative courses must be taken: 1
Vandiver likely will mention the $100 million highway bond issue approved earlier in the session as his first priority item.
Pelham said Sunday night there was research being done on whether the "quickie" vote on the increase can be repealed outright or whether notice would have to first be given that reconsideration of the action would be sought.
It says that "in the event Congress does provide this increase in federal funds", the State Board of Education should be directed to "give priority" to teacher pay raises.
It was marked by controversy, anonymous midnight phone calls and veiled threats of violence.
Daniel personally led the fight for the measure, which he had watered down considerably since its rejection by two previous Legislatures, in a public hearing before the House Committee on Revenue and Taxation.
"You take out of circulation many millions of dollars".
Operating budget for the day schools in the five counties of Dallas, Harris, Bexar, Tarrant and El Paso would be $451,500, which would be a savings of $157,460 yearly after the first year's capital outlay of $88,000 was absorbed, Parkhouse told the Senate.
The senate quickly whipped through its meager fare of House bills approved by committees, passing the three on the calendar.
The other bill, by Sen. A. M. Aikin Jr. of Paris, would relieve real estate brokers, who pay their own annual licensing fee, from the $12 annual occupation license on brokers in such as stocks and bonds.
Opponents generally argued that the ballot couldn't give enough information about tax proposals for the voters to make an intelligent choice.
The bill's defenders were mostly small-town legislators like J. W. Buchanan of Dumas, Eligio (Kika) De La Garza of Mission, Sam F. Collins of Newton and Joe Chapman of Sulphur Springs.
"A person with a master's degree in physics, chemistry, math or English, yet who has not taken Education courses, is not permitted to teach in the public schools", said Grover.
Dr. Clark has served as teacher and principal in Oklahoma high schools, as teacher and athletic director at Raymondville, Texas, High School, as an instructor at the University of Oklahoma, and as an associate professor of education at Fort Hays, Kan., State College.
The volume of ADC cases will decrease, Martin reported, when the community is able to deal effectively with two problems: Relatively limited skills and discrimination in employment because of color.
Fears prejudicial aspects
The President spent much of the week-end at his summer home on Cape Cod writing the first drafts of portions of the address with the help of White House aids in Washington with whom he talked by telephone.
Contempt proceedings originally had been brought against 677 persons in 133 precincts by Morris J. Wexler, special prosecutor.
Wexler had charged the precinct judges in these cases with "complementary" miscount of the vote, in which votes would be taken from one candidate and given to another.
It was defeated in Congress last year.
Other parts of the Kennedy health plan would entail federal grants of 750 million to 1 billion dollars over the next 10 years.
4
The plan does not cover doctor bills.
The President recommended federal "matching grants" totaling 700 million dollars in 10 years for constructing new medical and dental schools or enlarging the capacity of existing ones.
For medical research he asked a 20 million dollar a year increase, from 30 to 50 millions, in matching grants for building research facilities.
Washington, Feb. 9
This has been a working session of an organization that, by its very nature, can only proceed along its route step by step and without dramatic changes.
On the negative side of the balance sheet must be set some disappointment that the United States leadership has not been as much in evidence as hoped for.
The secretary's greatest achievement is perhaps the rekindling of NATO realization that East-West friction, wherever it take place around the globe, is in essence the general conflict between two entirely different societies, and must be treated as such without regard to geographical distance or lack of apparent connection.
But it is apparent that no acceptable formula has been found to prevent such a possibility.
GOP restrained
It recommends that the United States "seek instead to detach the Castro regime from the Communist bloc by working for a diplomatic detente and a resumption of trade relations;
Foreign aid programs were revamped to give greater emphasis to economic aid and to encourage political reform in recipient nations.
The administration declared itself in favor of a neutralized Laos.
The President asks the support and cooperation of Congress in his efforts through the enactment of legislation to provide federal grants to states for specified efforts in combating this disturbing crime trend.
He is not interested in being named a full-time director.
He would assign one of the rescue trucks to the Riverside section of the city and the other to the Rumford area.
Governor Notte said last night he plans to name a committee to make the study and come up with recommendations for possible changes in time for the next session of the General Assembly.
Should there be evidence they are shirking, he has said, the state police will step into the situation.
Mr. Reama told the Rotary Club of Providence at its luncheon at the Sheraton-Biltmore Hotel that about half of the people in the country want the "welfare" type of government and the other half want a free enterprise system.
Mr. Reama, who retired as vice president of the American Screw Co. in 1955 said, "Both parties in the last election told us that we need a five per cent growth in the gross national product -- but neither told us how to achieve it".
Mr. Martinelli has, in recent weeks, been of the opinion that a special town meeting would be called for the vote, while Mr. Bourcier said that a special election might be called instead.
Some opposition to the home rule movement started to be heard yesterday, with spokesmen for the town's insurgent Democratic leadership speaking out against the home rule charter in favor of the model municipal league charter.
Plainfield
He asked.
Decries joblessness
"I think that all Americans will resent deeply the statements made about President Eisenhower by Richard J. Hughes.
It is a desperate effort to prop up a sagging candidate who has proven he cannot answer any questions about New Jersey's problems.
Sheets added that he would ask for exclusive use of voting machines in the state by January, 1964.
In October 1944, he was appointed state warden and chief of the Forest Fire Section.
In his only attack on the Republicans, Hughes said, "The three Republican candidates for governor are tripping over their feet for popular slogans to win the primary.
Calling the Democrats the "party that lives, breathes and thinks for the good of the people", Hughes asked, "a representative Democratic vote in the primary for a springboard toward victory in November".
"After the primary", he promised, "I'll be explicit on where I stand to bring you a strong, dynamic administration.
At the same time reaction among anti-organization Democratic leaders and in the Liberal party to the Mayor's reported plan was generally favorable.
As usual, he made no attempt to get in touch with Carmine G. De Sapio, the Manhattan leader.
The Mayor said:
These voters view the political process as a secret conspiracy, the object of which is to plunder them".
Washington, June 18
The Democratic leadership, however, hopes to pass it sometime this week.
In the $40,000,000 budget that has been submitted for Congressional approval, $26,000,000 would be spent through universities and private voluntary agencies.
The U. S. Government is paying for it.
No religious group, he declared in an interview, will receive Peace Corps funds unless it forswears all proselytizing on the project it proposes.
-- A committee of experts has recommended that a country's population be considered in the distribution of professional posts at the United Nations.
Each member would get one post for each 10,000,000 people in its population up to 150,000,000 people or a maximum of fifteen posts.
Tactics studied in Geneva
Pfaff succeeds Martin Burke, who resigned.
Assuming the weather is halfway decent that day, hundreds of thousands of persons will mass along this thoroughfare as President John F. Kennedy and retiring President Dwight D. Eisenhower leave Capitol Hill following the oath-taking ceremonies and ride down this historic ceremonial route.
In the 1920 presidential election they had that right and many of them did vote for the first time.
Division two will include the representations of Massachusetts and Texas, the respective states of the President and of Vice-President L. B. Johnson.
Barnett, who came into office with no previous experience in public administration, has surrounded himself with confusion which not only keeps his foes guessing but his friends as well.
Legislators always get restless for a special session (whether for the companionship or the $22.50 per diem is not certain) and if they start agitating.
Now, the picture is clouded, and even US Sens. James O. Eastland and John C. Stennis, who remained loyal to the ticket, are uncertain of their status.
Indeed, the administration's curious position on the sales tax was a major factor in contributing to its defeat.
They would like to convey the notion something is being done, even though it is something they know to be ineffectual.
Since the constitution forbids introduction of a tax bill at a fiscal session, the administration will either have to cut down expenses or inflate its estimates of anticipated revenues.
City Controller Alexander Hemphill charged Tuesday that the bids on the Frankford Elevated repair project were rigged to the advantage of a private contracting company which had "an inside track" with the city.
Managing Director Donald C. Wagner has agreed to cooperate fully with Hemphill after a period of sharp disagreement on the matter.
"I am taking the position that the contract was clearly violated", Berger said.
"We won't know the full amount until we get a full report", Wagner said.
Goodis voiced his objection before City Council's Finance Committee.
The increase also was opposed by Leonard Kaplan, spokesman for the Home Builders Association of Philadelphia, on behalf of association members who operate apartment houses.
The city is not adequately compensated for the services covered by the fees, he said.
One of the agreements calls for the New Eastwick Corp. to purchase a 1311 acre tract for $12,192,865.
The esplanade eliminates Grovers Ave., which on original plans ran through the center of the development.
The younger boy said the blast knocked him out of bed and against the wall.
The fire fighters association here offered a $5,000 reward for information leading to the arrest of the person or persons responsible for the bombing.
Gen. Gursel has headed the military junta the last 17 months.
He told some 350 persons that the United States'challenge was to help countries build their own societies their own ways, following their own paths.
Economically, Martin said, the United States could best help foreign countries by helping them help themselves.
"Nobody really expects to evacuate.
His schedule calls for a noon speech Monday in Eugene at the Emerald Empire Kiwanis Club.
Secretary Goldberg and Sen. Morse will hold a joint press conference at the Roosevelt Hotel at 4:30 p.m. Sunday, Blaine Whipple, executive secretary of the Democratic Party of Oregon, reported Tuesday.
A stronger stand on their beliefs and a firmer grasp on their future were taken Friday by delegates to the 29th general council of the Assemblies of God, in session at the Memorial Coliseum.
The third belief, in six points, emphasizes the Diety of the Lord Jesus Christ, and:
Election came on the nominating ballot.
800 in Southern New England, we have 60;
-- Arranging for ministerial graduates to spend from 6-12 months as apprentices in well-established churches.
-- The Orioles tonight retained the distinction of being the only winless team among the eighteen Major-League clubs as they dropped their sixth straight spring exhibition decision, this one to the Kansas City Athletics by a score of 5 to 3.
Rookie southpaw George Stepanovich relieved Hyde at the start of the ninth and gave up the A's fifth tally on a walk to second baseman Dick Howser, a wild pitch, and Frank Cipriani's single under Shortstop Jerry Adair's glove into center.
Whitey Herzog, performing in right as the Orioles fielded possibly their strongest team of the spring, worked Keegan for a base on balls.
When Robinson tried to stretch his blow into a triple, he was cut down in a close play at third, Tuttle to Andy Carey.
-- The flavor of Baltimore's Florida Grapefruit League news ripened considerably late today when the Orioles were advised that Ron Hansen has fulfilled his obligations under the Army's military training program and is ready for belated spring training.
The rangy, Albany (Cal.) native, a surprise slugging sensation for the Flock last year as well as a defensive whiz, set "improved fielding" as his 1961 goal.
Pitcher Steve Barber joined the club one week ago after completing his hitch under the Army's accelerated wintertime military course, also at Fort Knox, Ky.
Ex-Oriole Clint Courtney, now catching for the A's is all for the American League's 1961 expansion to the West Coast.
Culmone gets first win
The crowd at the twenty-first annual K. of C. Games, final indoor meet of the season, got a thrill a few minutes earlier when a slender, bespectacled woman broke the one-week-old world record in the half-mile run.
-- A Texas halfback who doesn't even know the team's plays, Eldon Moritz, ranks fourth in Southwest Conference scoring after three games.
"This year, coach Royal told me if I'd work on my place-kicking he thought he could use me", said Moritz.
He went into the Army in March, 1957, and returned two years later.
In their first three games, the Longhorns have had the ball 41 times and scored 16 times, or 40 per cent;
The Mustangs don't play this week.
And he caused the fumble that set up our touchdown.
Except for sophomore center Mike Kelsey and fullback Mike Rice, Meek expects the squad to be physically sound for Rice.
We'll work out about an hour on Saturday, then we'll work Monday and Tuesday of next week, then taper off".
Rabb, the former Louisiana State field general, came off the bench for his debut with the Bills Sunday and directed his new team to a 22-12 upset victory over the Houston Oilers, defending league champions.
The Broncs did hit two quick strikes in the final period against the Texans, but Dallas had enough of a lead to hold them off.
Texas leads in per-game rushing averages, 355 yards, and passing 149 (to Baylor's 126), but idle Baylor has the best defensive record (187.5 yards per game to Texas'189).
Dick McAuliffe cracked the first of his two doubles against Lefty Don Rudolph to open the Bear's attack.
Chico Ruiz made a spectacular play on Alusik's grounder in the hole in the fourth and Wert came up with some good stops and showed a strong arm at third base.
-- Kenny Lane of Muskegon, Mich., world's seventh ranked lightweight, had little trouble in taking a unanimous decision over Rip Randall of Tyler, Tex., here Monday night.
Al Smith's 340-blast over left in the fourth -- his fourth homer of the campaign -- tied the score and Carreon's first major league home run in the fifth put the Sox back in front.
The Union Pacific Railroad streamliner, City of San Francisco, stopped in Ogden, Utah, for a few minutes.
He said he had never talked to Liston".
It was a real stimulant to a lot of guys I know who have moved past the 2-score-year milestone.
Bobby Lowe of Boston was the first to hit four at home and Gil Hodges turned the trick in Brooklyn's Ebbetts Field.
The Denver-area TV audience was privileged to see Mays'four home runs, thanks to a new arrangement made by Bob Howsam that the games are not to be blacked out when his Bears are playing at home.
-- The powerful New York Yankees won their 19th world series in a 5-game romp over outclassed Cincinnati, crushing the Reds in a humiliating 13-5 barrage Monday in the loosely played finale.
Only Bucky Harris, the "boy-manager" of Washington in 1924, and Eddie Dyer of the St. Louis Cardinals in 1946 had accomplished the feat.
Skorich was considered the logical choice after the club gave Norm Van Brocklin permission to seek the head coaching job with the Minnesota Vikings, the newest National Football League entry.
He remained there for four years before moving to Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute in Troy, N. Y.
Bill Mazeroski, the World Series hero of the Pittsburgh Pirates, and Casey Stengel, the former manager of the Yankees.
The departure of the Giants and the Dodgers to California left New York with only the Yankees.
Bill Jr., 20, Kathy, 15, and Patricia, 9, round out the Shea family.
The dinner will be held at the Hotel Pierre.
But he also achieved something that endeared him to every duffer who ever flubbed a shot.
No margin for error
The idol of the hackers, of course, is Ray Ainsley, who achieved a 19 in the United States Open.
Nor were there any rules to save him.
Yet he remains the fiercest of competitors.
"You're wrong", said Arnold, a man who knows the rules.
However, this would require a lengthening of the season from thirteen to fourteen weeks.
Change in pitchers.
Mizell has won both of his starts.
The statistics hardly indicated that the Pirates needed extra batting practice, but Murtaugh also turned his men loose at Busch Stadium yesterday.
"We're getting Friend some runs for a change, and he has been pitching good", Murtaugh said.
The'52 Cards were 6-7 on May 1 but ended with 88 triumphs, the club's top since 1949.
The boys had a tremendous respect for each other's ability.
Mrs. Benington admired Gordon's spirit and did what she could to persuade her husband that the boy might help the team.
Larry Scherer last night pitched a no-hit game, said to be the first in Billiken baseball history, as the Blue and White beat Southeast Missouri State College, 5-1, at Crystal City.
And that's meant as a boost, not a knock.
For that matter, Stan Musial is rare, possessing the disposition that enabled him to put out the same for seven managers, reserving his opinions, but not his effort.
Four for Alvin
Mr. Wendell Jr. will be best man.
The New York Metropolitan Opera Company will be here in May, and the board will sponsor the Saturday night, May 13, performance of "Turandot" as a benefit.
However, Mr. Parichy and his bride will go to Vero Beach on their wedding trip, and will stay in the John G. Beadles'beach house.
"For instance, Djakarta, Indonesia, has three groups of dancers interested in coming here.
It won't be a "tea", however, but more of an international folk song festival, with singers from Chicago's foreign groups to sing Christmas songs from around the world.
Miss Burke will arrive in December also.
Everybody has a different idea on the ethics and morals of driving away neighbors, when and if.
Handsome bachelor Charley was a favorite date of many of Hollywood's glamor gals for years.
It'll be an all day affair with screenings of Doris'new one, "Lover Come Back", and "Flower Drum Song".
Jump off is tomorrow night when the Packs meet St. Louis in their season home opener.
Everywhere he went in town, people sidled up, gave him the guttural bit or broke into a frightening Tarzan yodel.
After being closed for seven months, the Garden of the Gods Club will have its gala summer opening Saturday, June 3.
Mrs. McIntosh Buell will leave Sunday to return to her home in Santa Barbara, Calif., after spending a week in her Polo Grounds home.
Guests were juniors in the public high schools.
Grandparents are Mr. and Mrs. R.L. Rickenbaugh and Mr. and Mrs. E.O. Kelsey of Scarsdale, N.Y.
She sees that there is a cup of steaming hot coffee awaiting him and the two chat informally as she presents the rules of the center and explains procedures.
No matter how many Americans go abroad in summer, probably a hundred times as many gas up the family car, throw suitcases, kids and comic books in the back seat, and head for home.
Maybe motel-keeping isn't the nation's biggest industry, but it certainly looks that way from the highway.
At the Boxwood Motel in Winchester, Va., we accidentally drew the honeymoon suite, an elegant affair with wall-to-wall carpeting, gold and white furniture, pink satin brocade chairs, 24-inch TV and a pink tile bath with masses of pink towels.
Miss Joan Frances Baker, a graduate of SMU, was married Saturday to Elvis Leonard Mason, an honor graduate of Lamar State College of Technology, in the chapel of the First Presbyterian Church of Houston.
After a reception at The Mayfair, the newlyweds left for a wedding trip to New Orleans, La.
Robert Lovelace and Cedric Burgher Jr. seated guests.
We are keeping a number of surprises under our hats.
We've tried them out on the club chef -- or say, he has tried them out on us and we have selected the best".
The Thrift Shop, with Mrs. Bernhard S. Blumenthal as president, is one of the city's most successful fund-raisers for the Federation of Jewish Agencies.
Mrs. Joan Lichtenstein, for publicity;
Col. Clifton Lisle, of Chester Springs, who headed the Troop Committee for much of its second and third decades, is now an honorary member.
The event will be open to the public the following day.
Mrs. Jerome Blum and Mrs. Meyer Schultz are co-chairmen this year.
Miss Eileen Grant is spending several weeks visiting in Florida.
Dr. and Mrs. Richard Peter Vieth announce the engagement of their daughter, Miss Susan Ann Vieth, to Mr. Conrad Wall 3, son of Dr. Conrad Wall 2, and Mrs. Nell Kennedy Wall.
Miss Katherine Vickery, who attends Sweet Briar College in Virginia, will rejoin her father, Dr. Eugene Vickery, at the family home in Richmond pl. Wednesday for part of the Carnival festivities.
The current monthly payroll comes to about $15,000,000.
Those union members kept on their jobs, therefore, will not take a cut in their wages.
His sister and brother, Marie Louise, 3, and John Raymond, Jr. 22 months, were admitted to the hospital.
The disagreement was over what Dr. Jenkins had said at a previous session and how his remarks appeared in the minutes presented at the following meeting.
State Senator Joseph A. Bertorelli (D., First Baltimore) had a stroke yesterday while in his automobile in the 200 block of West Pratt Street.
Conceding that several cities to the north were in worse shape than Baltimore after the last storm, Mr. Schaefer listed several improvements he said should be made in the snow plan here.
Recounting personal observations of clearance work, the Councilman cited instances of inefficient use of equipment or supplies by poorly trained workers and urged that plow blades be set so they do not leave behind a thin layer of snow which eventually freezes.
Her husband was lying on the kitchen floor, police said.
Governor Tawes announced that a triple swearing-in ceremony will be held in his office next Friday.
residential at $47,101,000, up 100 per cent;
While availability of mortgage money has been a factor in encouraging apartment construction, the generally high level of prosperity in the past few years plus rising consumer income are among the factors that have encouraged builders to concentrate in the apartment-building field.
Heating is by individual gas-fired, forced warm air systems.
A full trial was ordered for:
Each dot on magnification resumed its original condition as a drawing, a printed page, or a manuscript.
The magistrate tonight refused to return to the five $29,000 in American and British currency, mostly $20 bills, and in British government bonds and stocks.
The British defending lawyers, who today increased from three to four, demanded to know if they could make the information involved seem of little value to a jury, the chances of their clients would improve.
"Her basic hull form (a teardrop) and her nuclear power plant will be used for almost all new submarines, including the potent Polaris missile submarines", the statement went on.
Interested in detector
"When they became members of the city police narcotics unit", Sokol said, "they were told they would have to get to know certain areas of Chicago in which narcotics were sold and they would have to get to know people in the narcotics racket.
The first witness, Moses Winston Mardis, 5835 Michigan Av., a real estate agent and former bail bondsman, took the stand after opening statements had been made.
She had been sentenced to 180 years in prison, but former Gov. Stratton commuted her term to 75 years, making her eligible for parole, as one of his last acts in office.
-- A jury of seven men and five women found 21-year-old Richard Pohl guilty of manslaughter yesterday in the bludgeon slaying of Mrs. Anna Hengesbach.
Lives on welfare
Walker said he was considering filing a motion for a new trial which would contend that the verdict was against the weight of the evidence and that there were several errors in trial procedure.
A Sterling Township family of six surviving children, whose mother died yesterday as the aftermath to a fire that also killed one of the children, found today they had the help of hundreds of neighbors and school friends.
They are home now with the other Kowalski children, Vicky, 14;
Students help out
Kowalski has spoken but little since the fire last Saturday.
Commandeering a passing car, Kimmell pursued the fleeing vehicle, but lost it in traffic.
Britain's plans to press Russia for a definite cease-fire timetable was announced in London by Foreign Secretary Lord Home.
The Laos government said four major Pathet Lao rebel attacks had been launched, heavily supported by troops from Communist North Viet Nam.
Anderson operated three Havana automobile service stations and was commander of the Havana American Legion post before it disbanded since the start of Fidel Castro's regime.
Today, M. Kegham was in Detroit, en route to join his wife and children in California.
Emory is affiliated with the Methodist Church.
"On the other hand, Emory University derives its corporate existence from the State of Georgia.
The letters set a Nov. 15 deadline for the start of negotiations.
Friday's letters asked for a Nov. 15 meeting.
Survivors include two brothers, C. E. Killingsworth, Atlanta, and John Killingsworth, Warren, Ohio;
Survivors include a son, Charles R. Fergeson, Memphis, Tenn.;
When police arrived the man was still violent, Slate said.
Mrs. Mary Self, who knows more than any other person about the 5,000 city employes for whom she has kept personnel records over the years, has closed her desk and retired.
The department has just finished treating 20,000 acres in urban areas of Macon.
Four persons died in Georgia weekend traffic crashes, two of them in a fiery crash near Snellville, the State Patrol said Sunday.
William Smythe, director of field service, told the commissioners that Multnomah, as of Aug. 22, had spent $58,918 out of its budgeted $66,000 in the category, leaving only $7,082 for the rest of the month.
He pointed out to the commissioners that the agency was literally dependent now on the machine processing, "and the whole wheels of the agency would stop if it broke down or the three or four persons directing it were to leave".
Mrs. Peck, later joined by the commission's vice-chairman, Mrs. Lee Patterson, took Harvey to task for comments he had made to the North Portland Rotary Club Tuesday.
The Phoenix arrest culminates more than a year's investigation by Detective William Taylor and other officers.
a son, William, Seattle, Wash.;
Mr. Brooks was born in New York, and came to Portland in 1920.
a sister, Mrs. Birdie Gevurtz;
Youngsters do business
Young Larson is the son of Mr. and Mrs. Lawrence Larson, 5847 SW Nevada Ct., Portland.
Attendance continued to run ahead of last year's during the five-day show, with clear skies helping attract fairgoers.
Also winning blue ribbons were Bob Day of Beaverton, Tony Traxel of Beaverton and Steve Hutchins of Banks.
About 70 North Providence taxpayers made appeals to the board of tax assessors for a review of their 1961 tax assessments during the last two days at the town hall in Centredale.
Mr. Pezza was taken to a nearby Johnston physician, Dr. Allan A. DiSimone, who treated him.
The watch was valued at $125 and the earrings at $85.
Sydney Larson, a staff representative for the United Steel Workers, which the firm's 25 workers joined before striking, said the state Labor Relations Board has been asked to set up an election to pick a bargaining agent.
Two members of the Democratic-endorsed majority on the school board said they probably would vote to appeal a ruling by the state Board of Education, which said yesterday that the school committee acted improperly in its appointment of the coordinator, Francis P. Nolan 3rd, the Democratic-endorsed committee chairman, could not be reached for comment.
Persons who find it convenient may send their contributions to the Journal-Bulletin's Cranston office at 823 Park Avenue.
Hospital officials said the injury was severe but the youth was in good condition last night.
In August while stopping in Greenock, Scotland, three members of the crew on liberty rendered first aid to a girl who fell from a train.
The arrest of Mr. Parker marks the third charge of wrongdoing involving the jury that heard the case.
One member of the panel -- not Mr. Parker -- indicated he had been a member of the KKK at one time.
Asilomar, March 26
a pesticides co-ordination act;
Now a quiet-spoken, middle-aged man, Fiedler is an aeronautical engineer for Lockheed's Missiles and Space Division at Sunnyvale, where he played a key role in the development of the Navy's Polaris missile.
At 12,000 feet, Fiedler signaled "release", and started the roaring pulse-jet engine -- then streaked away from beneath the Heinkel.
The missiles were to be armed with an underwater bomb.
Elios P. Anderlini, Attilio Beronio, Leo M. Bianco, Frederic Campagnoli, Joseph Cervetto, Armond J. De Martini, Grace Duhagon, John P. Figone, John P. Figone Jr., Stephen Mana, John Moscone, Calude Perasso, Angelo Petrini, Frank Ratto, and George R. Reilly.
A federal grand jury called 10 witnesses yesterday in an investigation of the affairs of Ben Stein, 47, who collected big fees as a "labor consultant" and operator of a janitors'service.
Under scrutiny, two of the witnesses said, were payments and loans to Stein's National Maintenance company at 543 Madison St.
Leavitt, as he entered the jury room, said he was prepared to answer questions about the $12,500 his liquor firm paid to Stein for "labor consultant work" with five unions which organized Leavitt's workers.
Curtis Allen Huff, 41, of 1630 Lake Av., Wilmette, was arrested yesterday on a suppressed federal warrant charging him with embezzling an undetermined amount of money from the First Federal Savings and Loan association, 1 S. Dearborn St., where he formerly was employed as an attorney.
On that date, according to Gregorio, Huff left his home and took a room in the New Lawrence hotel at 1020 Lawrence Av.
it was more one of allotting a few shares to a number of customers and explaining to others why they had no more to sell.
Letters by the reams came in from investment firms all over the nation, all of them wanting to get a part of the shares that would be sold (185,000 to the public at $12.50, with another 5,000 reserved for Morton Foods employes at $11.50 a share).
The answer is that it was a combination of circumstances.
But today many of those men are reaching retirement age and suddenly realizing that they face an estate tax problem with their closely held companies and also that they have no second-echelon management in their firms.
The Murray Co. of Texas, Inc., originated in Dallas in 1896.
Hardwicke-Etter Co. of Sherman makes a full line of gin machinery and equipment.
The cleaner equipment firm began operations in 1953 and the unit system, which turns out a complete ginning system, began operations in 1959.
The Cen-Tennial Gin Supply Co. has home offices and factory facilities here.
Totaling 3,399, sales jumped 14 per cent over February's 2,963.
Business firms provide 20 weeks of practical employment to supplement classroom instruction in these fields.
Bill Eaton, Carolyn Milton, and Ronnie Bert Stone of Sunset;
"In view of the current expansion, which promises to be substantial" he said the odds appear to favor rising interest rates in coming months, but "there is reason to believe the change will not be as abrupt as in 1958 nor as severe as in late 1959 and 1960".
We must justify our heritage.
Some good news
However, Peterson, president of Bell & Howell, warned 800 U.S. marketing leaders attending a national conference at the Ambassador, that the future will belong to the industrialist of creative and "unconventional wisdom".
Taylor, president and voting stockholder of Taylor and Co., Beverly Hills, has been active in the securities business since 1925.
$85 by 1986, and $90 thereafter.
In other words, I am getting only half the dividends I should.
They indicated that no new errors were being made and that all old errors would be corrected "within 60 days".
-- New York Central Railroad president Alfred E. Perlman said Tuesday his line would face the threat of bankruptcy if the Chesapeake & Ohio and Baltimore & Ohio Railroads merge.
The proposed C & O-B & O railroad would make it the hemisphere's second largest.
The poll was taken at the Center's annual builders'intentions conference.
-- Farm machinery dealer Bob Houtz tilts back in a battered chair and tells of a sharp pickup in sales: "We've sold four corn pickers since Labor Day and have good prospects for 10 more.
"In August our dealers sold 13% more farm machinery than a year earlier and in September retail sales were 14% higher than last year", says Mark V. Keeler, farm equipment vice president of International Harvester Co.
Farmers are so eager for new machinery that they're haggling less over prices than they did a year ago, dealers report.
With the lower dealer inventories and the stepped-up demand some manufacturers believe there could be shortages of some implements.
With cash receipts from marketings expected to be slightly above 1960, farmers'gross income is estimated at $39.5 billion, $1.5 billion above 1960's record high.
President Kennedy, in signing the relief measure into law, stressed he regarded it as an exception.
The Revenue Service disallowed the claim, invoking a law provision that generally bars deductions for expenses incurred in connection with what it said was tax-exempt income.
The Court limited its decision to the tax issue involved, commenting: "It is not our province to pass judgment on the morality of the transaction".
Colorado has a 2% sales tax.
Commerce Department officials were inclined to explain the April sales decline as a reaction from a surge of consumer buying in March.
Occasionally she deserts the simple and elegant for a fun piece simply because "It's unlike me".
"I bought my first dress from him when I was still a struggling young actress", she reminisces.
After signing a motion-picture contract, she came to America and had "Goodbye, Mr. Chips" as her first assignment after a year's wait.
Back in college, today's handsome Gander was the only male member of a Texas Tech class on food.
He was in charge of the Hockaday School meals from 1946 to 1950, before he moved to Aj.
Once four Tibetan monks, in their saffron robes, filed through the cafeteria line.
Bake slowly at least one-half hour longer.
The Heritage collection, to be shown by Sanger-Harris and Anderson's Studio, has perhaps more different types of woods and decorations than any one manufacturer ever assembled together at one time.
The fabrics have Scotchgard finish to resist soil and wrinkles.
This coming weekend they have reserved the entire Stagecoach Inn and adjoining country club, Saledo, for festivities.
Mr. and Mrs. Phil G. Abell are chairmen for the Saledo trip.
Lawrence B. Jones, yearbook, and Sam Laughlin, scrapbook.
She dreamed up the cookie recipe, tried it, liked it and entered it in the contest.
Others are Drs. and Mmes. Alfred Robbins, and J. Lafe Ludwig and Gen. and Mrs. Leroy Watson.
Her days as an art student at the University of Budapest came to a sudden end during the Hungarian uprisings in 1957 and she and her husband Stephen fled to Vienna.
One might think the problem would be similar.
I was asked.
She has to have at least one car herself.
But that's hardly realistic.
Also noted are the marriages of Elizabeth Browning, daughter of the George L. Brownings, to Austin C. Smith Jr.;
The Richard Beesemyers, formerly of Connecticut, have returned to Southern California and are now residing on South Arden Blvd.
Displayed as lamps, the puppets delight the children and are decorative accent.
The scalloped edge is particularly appealing.
This is the strongest act to hit the area in a long while -- a well integrated, fast moving outfit specializing in skits, vocals, comedy and instrumentals all of it distinctly displaying the pro touch.
"Flip" Phillips for a return engagement at Fireside Steak Ranch Wednesday;
Maestro's biggest stock in trade is his personality, and ability to establish a warm rapport with his audience.
The Tic-Tac-Toe trio is the club's new show group which also plays for dancing.
Two were in the same band 18 years ago;
hear that Patricia Murphy flies up to St. John's Newfoundland, next Sunday to attend the government's special ceremonies at Memorial University honoring distinguished sons and daughters of the island province.
and "Dancers of Bali" on March 8.
Plant City Oct. 11.
Kern began reading a lot about the history and philosophy of Communism, but never felt there was anything he, as an individual, could do about it.
And to encourage other churches to try their own programs, Kern said this Sunday's sessions -- including the free dinner -- will be open to anyone who makes reservations.
Even the two-year-old feels miffed if the family has a prayer-time without her.
The week will end with the Rev. Mr. Henderson preaching on "The Marriage Altar" at 7:30 p.m. Sunday, May 14.
This work is no favorite of mine.
These qualities alone, however, would not account for their success, and it took me a while to discover the crowning virtue that completes this company's collective personality.
Konstantin Shatilov, a great character dancer;
Mail orders for the season and orders for single tickets at $2, may be addressed to the society, 1044 Chestnut Street, San Francisco 9.
President Kennedy's invitation to the Spanish-born master said, "We feel your performance as one of the world's greatest artists would lend distinction to the entertainment of our guests".
"La Dolce Vita" has none of the senseless brutality or sadism of the average TV Western.
a frigid beauty, and three silly fairies.
Among the subjects discussed will be Russian restrictions on poets and writers in the USSR (Channel 9 at 9:30).
With a foreign car you must wear a cap -- it has a leather band in the back.
This excellent foreign bomb takes only six.
"It is a British Austin, the smallest they make".
When I wheeled about, finned fore and aft, I was the darling of the doormen.
Authenticated pieces of Duncan Phyfe furniture are uncommon, although millions of American homes today display pieces patterned after the style trends he set 150 years ago.
Regional representatives appointed to serve from each section of the country include Frank E. Barnes of Boston.
He added "I think that sometimes in this country we are not aware as we should be of the extraordinary work that is being done in this field".
And it turned out to be more of a family affair than expected.
The Brevard group of 85 arrived at the Gallery at 6 p.m., remaining for about 45 minutes.
A few of them said they "preferred contemporary art".
The opening session of the 5-day session will begin at 10 a.m. today.
Mary decided she had had enough.
He gives credit for the promotion to his new outlook on life.
One of the initial questions put to President Kennedy at his first news conference last January was about his attitude toward a meeting with Premier Khrushchev.
He was not going to Vienna to negotiate -- the simultaneous announcements in Washington and Moscow last week stressed that no formal negotiations were planned.
On the third occasion -- another Big Four summit session at Paris a year ago -- there was no problem of an illusory "spirit".
Above all, he did not want to appear to be running hat in hand to Premier Khrushchev's doorstep.
But it also briefly suggested the possibility of a meeting with Mr. Khrushchev before the end of the year if the international climate were favorable and schedules permitted.
Moreover, Moscow appeared determined to apply the tripartite veto principle to the executive organs of all international bodies, including the U. N. Secretariat and the International Control Commission for Laos.
In the light of those events, there appeared to be a real danger that Premier Khrushchev might overreach himself.
"The President and Chairman Khrushchev understand that this meeting is not for the purpose of negotiating or reaching agreement on the major international problems that involve the interest of many other countries.
Apart from the personal equation, another reason advanced in favor of the meeting was that too often in the past the U.S. appeared to have been dragged reluctantly to the summit.
After Cuba and Laos, it was argued, Mr. Khrushchev will interpret the President's consent to the meeting as further evidence of Western weakness -- perhaps even panic -- and is certain to try to exploit the advantage he now believes he holds.
There is, however, one curious discrepancy in this broad and flattering picture.
Community esprit de corps has been the protective shell which has made the achievement possible.
It is this spirit which explains some of the anomalies of American Catholic higher education, in particular the wasteful duplication apparent in some areas.
Commenting on the earlier stage, the Notre Dame Chapter of the American Association of University Professors (in a recent report on the question of faculty participation in administrative decision-making) noted that the term "teacher-employee" (as opposed to, e.g., "maintenance employee") was a not inapt description.
In the first place there is the obvious problem of recruiting high caliber personnel.
Adequate compensation is indispensable.
The first is a negative warning: there is no point in the creation of faculty committees and advisory boards with high-sounding titles but no real authority.
The public atmosphere that has been generated which makes acceptance of this law a possibility stems from the disrepute into which the labor movement has fallen as a result of Mr. McClellan's hearings into corruption in labor-management relations and, later, into the jurisdictional squabbles that plagued industrial relations at the missile sites.
they are preoccupied with ending labor abuses by extending the anti-monopoly laws to the unions.
Naturally, enterprises of the size of General Electric are in a position to structure their prices in such a way that the relatively small competitors can be forced to the wall in a very short time.
Why did they engage in a flood of mea culpas, throw a few scapegoats to the dogs and promise to be good boys thereafter, expressing their complete confidence in the laws"?
)
If a union cannot perform this function, then collective bargaining is being palmed off by organizers as a gigantic fraud.
The courts shared the opinion of the employers.
At the very moment that every attempt is being made to take management out from under the irrationality of anti-trust legislation, a drive is on to abolish collective bargaining under the guise of extending the anti-monopoly laws to unions who want no more than to continue to set wages in the same way that ship operators set freight rates.
The company sued under the anti-trust laws, alleging that the union's activity interfered with the movement of interstate commerce.
1) Cuba.
"In view of the present situation in Laos", said the Pentagon's announcement, "we are taking normal precautionary actions to increase the readiness of our forces in the Pacific".
The late Secretary of State John Foster Dulles considered the 1954 Geneva agreement a specimen of appeasement, saw that resolution would be needed to keep it from becoming a calamity for the West.
The liberal pressure bloc (which coyly masquerades under the name Democratic Study Group) had fought the committee before, and had always lost.
For 20 years he has enjoyed his power on the Rules Committee.
Smith flatly rejected the offer, and Mister Sam thereupon decided to join the rebels.
His highest count of supporters numbered 72 -- and he needed nearly twice that number to control the 260-member Democratic caucus.
The Senate launched the 87th Congress with its own version of an ancient liberal-conservative battle, but in contrast with the House's guerrilla war it seemed as pro forma as a Capitol guide's speech.
Hopefully, the perennial battle of Rule 22 then would be fought to a settlement once and for all.
Arnold Palmer, the defending champion, lost his title on the 72nd hole after a few minutes of misfortune that left even his fellow pros gaping in disbelief.
He could read on the nearby scoreboard that Palmer, by then playing the 15th hole, was leading him by a stroke.
Palmer's 281 for the four rounds at Augusta was a comfortable four strokes ahead of the next closest pro, but it was barely good enough for a second-place tie with Coe.
Unlike most such sports rivalries, it appeared to have developed almost spontaneously, although this was not exactly the case.
Thereafter, until the Masters, Player gradually increased his lead over Palmer in winnings and added one more tournament victory at Miami.
or Ken Venturi, who had a somewhat shaky 72 but was bound to do better;
He birdied the 13th, the 15th and the 18th -- five birdies, one bogey and 12 pars for a 68.
Byron Nelson did, Hogan did.
Player then had the choice of punching the ball safely out of the woods to the 9th fairway and settling for a bogey 5, or gambling.
At the 4th tee Palmer chose to hit a one-iron when a three-wood was the proper club, so he put the ball in a bunker in front of the green.
(3) the Milwaukee Braves tied a major-league record with fourteen home runs in three games and lost two of them;
Double threat:
In Ruth's day -- and until this year -- the schedule was 154 games.
Each enjoys seeing the other hit home runs ("I hope Roger hits 80", Mantle says), and each enjoys even more seeing himself hit home runs ("and I hope I hit 81").
as halfbacks, both came close to playing football at the University of Oklahoma ("Sometimes in the minors", Maris recalls, "I wished I had gone to Oklahoma").
Mantle is not normally given to public speaking -- or, for that matter, to private speaking.
"That's (Yogi) Berra's.
) Benched at Indianapolis in 1956, he told manager Kerby Farrell: "I'm not learning anything on the bench.
"When I was a kid", Maris told a sportswriter last week, "I used to follow Williams every day in the box score, just to see whether he got a hit or not".
Mantle has kept the vow.
) Hitting, Mantle has an immediate advantage because he bats both left-handed and right-handed, Maris only left-handed.
Maris's throwing arm is stronger.
Also included in the entourage: a dog in a black sweater, Frankie and Peter had an urgent mission: to stage a mammoth Inauguration Eve entertainment gala in the capital's National Guard Armory.
But Shoup also gave the Corps a tilling in spots.
South Philadelphia High's principal added that the current delay was caused by the "pressure" of a movie that the toneless lad was making.
"I appreciate beauty".
Even before he hit big money, he had begun buying modern paintings.
Pittsburgh turned him down, just as Pittsburgh society had been snubbing him for years.
But in all its 175 years, not a single Negro student has entered its classrooms.
But Holmes was rejected again "on the basis of his record and interview".
"Surprised and pleased", Students Holmes and Hunter may enter the University of Georgia this week.
But though Kimpton put Chicago in what he felt was working order, some old grads feel that it still needs the kind of lively teachers who filled it in the heady Hutchins era.
and it was filled then as now by quarreling tribes with no political or historical unity.
But by 1908 its record of brutality had touched the national conscience.
But they were not.
The average Congolese can do little more than puzzle out the meaning of "la chatte" and "le chien" and write his name.
and in Brussels, street crowds shouted, "Pas une goutte de sang!
Second, there were those (Moise Tshombe) who favored near-Balkanization, a loose federalism having a central government of limited authority, with much power residing in the states.
The president, Joseph Kasavubu, seemed an able administrator and the premier, Patrice Lumumba, a reasonable man.
Vague in wording, it called for withdrawal of Belgian troops and authorized the Secretary-General "to take the necessary steps to provide the (Congolese) Government with such military assistance as may be necessary, until, through the efforts of the Congolese Government with the technical assistance of the United Nations, the national security forces may be able, in the opinion of the Government, to meet fully their tasks.
) Lumumba further complicated the U.N.'s mission by initiating small "wars" with the secessionist province of Katanga and with South Kasai which, under Albert Kalonji, wanted to secede as well.
There was no directive for it -- the Security Council's resolution had not mentioned political matters, and in any case the United Nations by the terms of its charter may not interfere in the political affairs of any nation, whether to unify it, federalize it or Balkanize it.
High up on the President's priority list was the thorny question of Bizerte.
And that was not all.
When Continental Airlines night-coach Flight 54 took off at 11:30 one night last week, there was no reason to think it would take any longer.
the man put his at the head of Capt. Byron D. Rickards.
"The old man came from the front of the plane and said he wanted four volunteers to go to Cuba", McCauley said, "and like a nut I raised my hand.
The ground crew, which ordinarily fuels a 707 in twenty minutes, took fully three hours.
The father, by accident or perhaps to show, as he said, "we mean business", took the and fired a slug between the legs of Second Officer Norman Simmons.
A few minutes later, FBI agent Francis Crosby, talking fast, eased up the ramp to the plane, unarmed.
) Back home in Coolidge, Ariz., his 36-year-old wife, Mary, said: "I thought they were going to Phoenix to look for jobs".
The Senate (by voice vote) and the House (by 224-170) passed and sent to the White House the compromise farm bill which the President is expected to sign, not too unhappily.
But plain old bean soup, served daily since the turn of the century (at the insistence of the late Sen. Fred Dubois of Idaho), made clear to the citizenry that the Senate's stomach was in the right place.
Another result is that buyers are tending to bid up the prices of these tax-exempt bonds.
That 4 per cent yield is well below the return to be had on good corporation bonds.
Indication: The long-term trend of turnpike traffic is upward.
The road's engineers look for further improvement when the turnpike is extended into Boston.
In these cases, the turnpike managements have had to turn to toll-rate increases, or to costly improvements such as extensions or better connections with other highways.
Investors studying the toll-road bonds for opportunities find that not all roads are nearing their goals.
Commerce Secretary Luther Hodges, accompanied by a member of our staff, on May 10 toured plants of two of Italy's biggest companies -- Fiat, the auto producer, and Olivetti, maker of typewriters and calculating machines.
"Olivetti had a special interest for Hodges.
Foreign competition has become so severe in certain textiles that Washington is exploring new ways of handling competitive imports.
Japan, since 1957, has been "voluntarily" curbing exports of textiles to the U.S.
Note, too, that the Kennedy textile plan looks toward modernization or shrinkage of the U.S. textile industry.
Among the highest-paid workers in the world are U.S. coal miners.
The British coal industry is unprofitable, has large coal stocks it can't sell.
In some parts of the country, however, a co-operative movement has begun to grow, under the wing of state governments, whereby, with the financial help of the state, libraries share their book resources on a county-wide or regional basis.
A large, well-stocked library, surrounded in a county by smaller ones, may feel that the demands on its resources are likely to be too great.
In Nassau County, for example, the heavily settled Long Island suburb of New York City, the system is credited by the state with serving one million persons, a figure that has doubled since 1950.
It is connected by teletype with the State Library in Albany, which will supply any book to a system that the system itself cannot provide.
Public libraries in Nassau County have been lending books to each other by mail for a quarter-century, but the system enables this process to operate on an organized and far more comprehensive basis.
consequently an experienced children's librarian at headquarters conducts a guidance program designed to promote well-planned library activities, cooperating with the children's librarians in member libraries by means of individual conferences, workshops, and frequent visits.
In Nassau, as in other systems, the long-range objective is to bring the maximum service of libraries to bear on the schools, and on adult education in general.
if we are not discriminating in our reading;
In every aspect of service -- to the public, to children in schools, to colleges and universities -- the library of today is failing to render vitally needed services.
In all the turmoil, some good legislation was passed.
The League of Women Voters, 40 now and admitting it proudly, is inviting financial contributions in the windup of its fund drive.
Coupling its own budget of $83,750 with a $30,000 state grant authorized by Gov. Vandiver, the group expects to sign a contract in March with Georgia Tech.
This strategy heightened the possibility that we would have a nuclear war.
Touring Africa, the new U.S. Assistant Secretary of State observed "Africa should be for the Africans" and the British promptly denounced him.
But exactly how far it will go toward improving conditions is another question because there is so much that needs doing.
But in so many other areas we still are dragging.
It was a sort of poetic justice that at the time of his own demise a new plot to overthrow the Venezuelan government, reportedly involving the use of Dominican arms by former Venezuelan Dictator Marcos Perez Jimenez, has been uncovered and quashed.
Thereupon followed a demonstration that tyranny knows no ideological confines.
Start on rapid transit
The wartime protocol of September 12, 1944, designated a special "Greater Berlin" area, comprising the entire city, to be under joint occupation.
There remains, of course, the question of what the West can do beyond diplomatic protest to prevent the illegal efforts from becoming accomplished facts.
The National Park Service now proposes to preserve an area in Pottawatomie County, northeast Kansas, as a "Prairie National Park".
The National Association of Broadcasters code specifically bars hard-liquor commercials.
In the central contest, that for Mayor, they may have found some pertinent points in what each faction has said about the other.
Mr. Wagner might or might not be a "new" Mayor in this third term, now that he is free of the pressure of those party leaders whom he calls "bosses".
For Mr. Kennedy, speaking softly and carrying a sizable stick is making the best of a bad situation.
The hard core of the pro-Communist rebel force numbers only some 2,000 tough Viet Minh guerrilla fighters.
The world awaits Mr. Khrushchev's choice of alternatives.
Other communities -- the ones to be aided most by the Senate bill -- have had difficulty starting such stations because of the high initial cost of equipment.
He was not a rear-looking conservative, yet partisans of that persuasion will miss him as much as any.
He made good, plain American common sense and the House usually recognized it and acted upon it.
He served "with" him.
Under any name -- Mr. Speaker, Mr. Democrat, Mr. Sam -- he was a good man.
Yet this basic condition of outlawry and anarchy is not the work of Katanga.
The idea was not even suggested because political expediency prevailed over wisdom.
Also, normal personnel attrition would make the job reduction provision more or less academic.
While he was at it, the philosopher of the Kremlin contributed an additional assist to the rule of reason by bellowing at those in the west who can't appreciate coexistence thru suicide.
Pass the iron rations, please, and light another candle, for it's getting dark down here and we're minded to read a bit of world law just to pass the time away.
It was on the eve of a momentous U.N. session to come to grips with cold war issues.
He courageously defended the rights of small nations, and he stood his ground against the savage attacks of the Communist bloc.
reaching agreement on projects of value to the whole community has long been one of Greater Miami's hardest tasks.
Less than half the sum has been spent, since the Interama board pinched pennies during that period of painstaking negotiations.
Much happened in this field during the past 12 months.
West Germany will face the crucial tests that lie ahead, on Berlin and unification, with a coalition government.
He is dedicated to building the nation's strength and, as are all West Germans, to a free Berlin and to reunion with captive East Germany.
Better ask before joining
3.
If the would-be joiner asks these questions he is not likely to be duped by extremists who are seeking to capitalize on the confusions and the patriotic apprehensions of Americans in a troubled time.
Closed doors in city hall
When all else fails, it is argued that open sessions slow down governmental operations.
Ultimately either the Trujillos would have been returned to power or the conflict would have produced conditions favorable to a takeover by Dominican elements responsive to Castro in Cuba.
Craft unions seek work that industrial unions claim, such as factory maintenance.
Deterrent
But the farmers outsmarted Washington by shortening the distance between the rows and pouring on the fertilizer.
This tends to create friction and confusion and has not made it easier for Secretary Rusk to restore vigor and initiative among his subordinates.
His successor, Secretary Goldberg, also has been guessing wrong on a drop in the unemployment rate which has been holding just under 7 per cent for the last 11 months.
"I have to see the facts", is the way the prince puts it.
February's volume was 1 per cent above January's for the first pickup since last October, although it's still 1.5 per cent off from February 1960.
New Jersey folk need not be told of the builder's march to the sea, for in a single generation he has parceled and populated miles of our shoreline and presses on to develop the few open spaces that remain.
But that heritage is shrinking even faster.
St. Louis sits in the center of a relatively slow-growing and in some places stagnant mid-continent region.
He and Dean John W. Schwada of the Business School outlined the project at a recent conference.
St. Louis county under its present leadership also has largely closed its eyes to the need for governmental reform, and permitted parochial interests to take priority over area-wide interests.
Granted that the Tammany name and the Tammany tiger often were regarded as badges of political shame, the sachems of the Hall also have a few good marks to their credit.
The Kennedy Administration had assured anti-Castro Cubans that it would have nothing to do with associates of Dictator Batista.
At that point the Administration will have little reason to hang onto Gen. Swing.
It was the Eisenhower Administration which produced the largest peacetime deficit.
The Queen Mary has long been a symbol of speed, luxury, and impeccable British service on the high seas.
Also under consideration is an increased investment in Cunard Eagle Airways which has applied to serve New York.
Nothing that is likely to happen, however, should prompt the sending of United States soldiers for other than instructional missions.
Of course it is.
If any one of them has any power to veto the Secretary General's decisions the nature of the organization will have changed.
Lawmaking power is removed from the Board of Estimate and made a partnership responsibility of the City Council and the Mayor.
Borough Presidents, while retaining membership in the Board of Estimate, lose their housekeeping functions.
Inter-american Press
He sees evidence of fair winds for the ten-year Alliance for Progress plan with its emphasis on social reforms.
The widespread purge that has taken place the past twelve months or so among Communist leaders in the provinces gives assurance that the party officials who will dominate the Congress, and the Central Committee it will elect, will all have passed the tightest possible Khrushchev screening, both for loyalty to him and for competence and performance on the job.
His suggestion that the prestige colleges be made the training institutions for medical, law and graduate schools will run into strong opposition from these colleges themselves -- even though what he is recommending is already taking shape as a trend.
but he may well be doing his greatest service with his straightforward report on the state of the public schools.
Old, tired, trembling the woman came to the cannery.
And now, the woman, tired and trembling, came here to the DeKalb County cannery.
"The cannery", said Mrs. Lewellyn Lundeen, an active booster of the cannery since its opening during the war and rationing years of 1941, to handle the "victory garden" produce, "is a service to the taxpayer.
The dairy truck driver;
One night, at the close of the evening service, he came forward, left his resentment at the altar and gave his heart to God.
We must, first of all, be willing to forgive others before we can secure God's forgiveness.
We want the past forgiven, but at the same time we must be willing for God to direct the future.
Her mother, now dead, was my good friend and when she came to tell us about her plans and to show off her ring I had a sobering wish to say something meaningful to her, something her mother would wish said.
Besides, in all honesty, I don't know how you can be sure.
"I mean", I went on ruthlessly, "when he's not talking about you or himself or the wonders of love, is he interesting?
I do not know Dr. Wilson Sneed well.
And so the young minister resigned, to go and study and pray, having never passed a day, he told his parishioners, when "I did not gain from you far more than I ever gave to you".
If we break the minister to our bit, we are buying back our own sins.
The evening was not always spent in the same way.
"But", it said, "do you always know when you're happy"?
But it was something to have seen it floating down through the early morning sunshine, linking the blue of the sky with the blue of the asters by the lake.
Here in the cool darkness Mr. Podger could still feel the warmth of midday, could still see the yellow butterflies dancing over the road, could still see the friendly grin on the young, sun-browned face as the driver looked back over his shoulder for a moment before the car streaked out of sight.
"I like them things, too", he had said.
She remarked that she found the night wind a little chilly, and Mr. Podger took her inside the fringe.
"Of course I am", he said.
The two cities have the examples of Little Rock and New Orleans to hold up as warnings against resorting to violence to try to stop the processes of desegregation.
The program has worked well in both Nashville and Houston.
Several conventions have been held in recent months in hotels on a nonsegregated basis.
In the past these same Southerners were inclined to look the other way.
(2) slow down and permit the ambivalent driver to change lanes;
At the risk of losing my charge-a-plate at Marshall Field and Company, I would like to challenge an old and hallowed stereotype.
"That is undoubtedly a hell of a quote", said the writer, scratching his head.
You certainly can't expect the infield to do any better than it did last year.
He got off to an exceptional start last season, and under the circumstances probably won't duplicate it.
But even so, he had a good year in 1960 and won't do too much better.
If he can bounce back with one of those 25 home runs years, the club will have to be better off offensively.
And Walker looks stronger, seems to be throwing better than he did last year.
We think differently.
".
Physical contact is uncomfortable for him"!
"Dear Doctors: We learned this year that our older son, Daniel, is autistic.
Single-color use
This immature use of crayons may suggest that she is a little immature for the first grade.
Traditional crewel embroidery which seems to be appearing more frequently this fall than in the past few years is still available in this country.
They seem darned proud of it.
4
Biggest organizational problem, he adds, is setting up CDC units in rock-ribbed Democratic territory.
But the rest of the GOP gubernatorial aspirants don't worry him very much.
Once you learn how to translate Communese, much of each day's deluge of news will become clearer.
The West Berlin crisis is being played up artificially because it is needed by the United States to justify its arms drive".
TASS from Moscow in English to Europe:
"U.S. pressure on Britain to foster war hysteria over the status of West Berlin has reached its apogee.
"Chairman Khrushchev received the U.S. President's disarmament adviser, John McCloy.
Chairman Khrushchev and John McCloy had a terrible row at Sochi.
"Remember the night Will Rogers filled a tooth for me between numbers"?
But once the strike trend hits hoosegows, there is no telling how far it may go.
4.
Family loyalties and cooperative work have been unbroken for generations.
Beebe tells of one private car that has gold plumbing.
In his first six weeks in office he presided over 96 conferences, attended 35 official breakfasts and dinners, studied and signed 285 official papers and personally took 312 telephone calls.
They ran across Mr. Rayburn and the youngster expressed a desire to get the Speaker's autograph.
The New English Bible (the Old Testament and Apocrypha will be published at a future date) has not been planned to rival or replace the King James Version, but, as its cover states, it is offered "simply as the Bible to all those who will use it in reading, teaching, or worship".
Then he suffered him.
John then allowed him to come.
Some of the poetic cadence of the older version certainly is lost in the newer one, but almost anyone, with a fair knowledge of the English language, can understand the meaning, without the necessity of interpretation by a Biblical scholar.
With contemporary English changing with the rapidity that marks this jet age, some of the words and phrases of the new version may themselves soon become archaic.
Heels place emphasis on the long legged silhouette.
For added comfort some of the Italian designed sandals have foam padded cushioning.
At right is a casual style in a crushed unlined white leather.
The electric toothbrush moves in a vertical direction, the way dentists recommend.
Turn over
An ordinary hot bath or shower will do the same.
Cholesterol and thyroid
Edison could hardly have guessed, however, that Sophocles would one day appear in stereo.
Previous presentations have been on French, Spanish, Russian, Italian, German and Japanese.
Decca is not the only large commercial company to impart instruction.
People who take us for suckers are like the Westerner who had on exhibit his superior marksmanship in the form of a number of bull's-eye achievements.
He wants Mommy to think him a good boy.
She can decrease the number of temptations.
If he snatches a toy, she says, "Caroline wants her own truck just as you do".
It is true, of course, the uncertainties of life being what they are, that as now and then the Christian killed the lion, homecoming days have been ruined by a visiting team.
His bifocals blur.
the gray hairs, the eyeglasses, bodies that are too thin or too heavy;
He sits there remembering the tense moment before the ball was snapped;
It is gone.
His visit to Warsaw, Poland, after the Russian journey in the summer of 1959 was expected to win the Polish vote which, in several cities, is substantial.
The people visited were glad to have a government with heart enough to take an interest in their misery.
But it is in the process of so doing because it apparently gives priority to trying to downgrade John F. Kennedy.
And just how far can the Legislature go toward setting up a self-insurance system for the state in the midst of a governor's race"?
"They are just asking too much", he said.
Why not have them travel the state in November debating?
Both won a pretty fair-sized war with a modest assist from British strategy.
The demand for these lots can be met for some time to come.
Mr. Richard Preston, executive director of the New Hampshire State Planning and Development Commission, in his remarks to the Governors Conference on Industrial Development at Providence on October 8, 1960, warned against the fallacy of attempting to attract industry solely to reduce the tax rate or to underwrite municipal services such as schools when he said: "If this is the fundamental reason for a community's interest or if this is the basic approach, success if any will be difficult to obtain".
For example: 1.
6.
I would like very much, on behalf of my husband and myself, to send our eternal thanks to all the wonderful people responsible for the Gabrielle Fund.
My future plans are to become a language teacher.
Then people wonder why Russian pupils are more advanced than American students.
Usually a veteran has to hang himself to get space on the front page.
There's a reason for this length of stay.
An adequate system of VA hospitals is better equipped to care for the veterans than any 50 state hospitals.
-- No doubt there have been moments during every Presidency when the man in the White House has had feelings of frustration, exasperation, exhaustion, and even panic.
Top scientists have warned that an area hit by an atomic missile of massive power would be engulfed in a suffocating fire storm which would persist for a long time.
Education should be uppermost in their minds, but with this attire how can anyone think it is so?
Subsidies from CTA
-- In reply to a letter in Today's "Voice" urging the sale of meat after 6 p.m., I wish to state the other side of the story.
and my husband hasn't had a vacation in 14 years.
The resolution under discussion at the convention was to require the boards of election to instruct judges to properly display the American flag.
The Illinois Commission for Handicapped Children, which for 20 years has had the responsibility of coordinating the services of tax supported and voluntary organizations serving handicapped children, of studying the needs of handicapped children in Illinois, and of promoting more adequate services for them, indeed welcomes this new important resource which will help the people of Illinois toward the goal of providing an education for all of its children.
At a rate of $3.22 an hour he is now earning approximately $580 a month.
The Attorney General responded by letter dated July 19.
-- I concur most heartily with today's letter on the futility of writing to Sen. Dirksen and Sen. Douglas.
The plane should have started at the scheduled time and left Sinatra and Martin to guzzle.
Sir -- We are writing in reference to a recent "suggestion" made to the staff of the Public Health Nursing Service of Jersey City (registered professional nurses with college background and varying experiences).
to the editor:
It's simple enough from my point of view.
By political, economic, geographic and natural standards, they were justified in doing so.
This board will consist of two of the trustees of the college, and the director and two members of the board of freeholders.
Then see what a boom in all trades, as well as slum clearance at no cost to taxpayers, will happen.
It will be at the museum until March 30.
"Deep Peep Show"
Working for peace
As to protection, the speaker disapproved of shelters, pointing out that fallout shelters would not save everyone.
Far from creating fear, as the speaker suggests, preparedness -- knowing what to do in an emergency -- gives people confidence.
Could Senator Humphrey be serious in his proposal?
Let us have more benches and fewer forbidden areas around fountains and gardens.
President Kennedy was right when he said, "We shall never negotiate out of fear and we never shall fear to negotiate".
Probable agreement
A united Germany, freed of militarism, might be the first step toward disarmament and peace in a terrorized and tortured world.
The expenses of the Organization shall be borne by the Members as apportioned by the General Assembly.
Yet your list of things left undone did not include repeal of the Connally amendment to this country's domestic jurisdiction reservation to its Adherence to the Statute of the International Court of Justice.
to the editor of the New York Times:
It has not been any great mental effort on my part to keep up with this mechanization which has brought about new ways of dialing.
to the editor:
The school is located at 9-1/2 Mile Road, Woodward Heights.
Drunken truck drivers in the city departments should be weeded out.
Thank you for the article by George Sokolsky on the public apathy to impudence.
To the editor of the Inquirer:
The trucks today help pay for this highway.
to the editor of the Inquirer:
Everyone should take time to read Martin Luther's Hymn "A Mighty Fortress Is Our God".
We have quite a few home-grown specimens of our own.
Why aren't the Soviets expelled from the U.N.?
'people to people'
One of the problems associated with the expressway stems from the basic idea.
(3)
Replace it with the statue of one or another of the world's famous dictators.
If birds don't belong in a Square or Park, what does?
Let every policeman and park guard keep his eye on John and Jane Doe, lest one piece of bread be placed undetected and one bird survive.
There is a trend today to bemoan the fact that Americans are too "soft".
However, he states unequivocally "the scandals in business are far less significant than the scandals in labor".
They predicted escalation, and escalation is what we are getting.
"Only a discontinuity can end it", Professor Morrison writes.
He has gained only one thing -- he has exploded a 50-megaton bomb and he probably has rockets with sufficient thrust to lob it over the shorter intercontinental ranges.
The flood is not as great -- only 700 a week according to one apparently conservative account -- but it is symptomatic.
They are leaving so fast that the president of the West German Employers'Federation issued an appeal this week to factory workers in the West to volunteer for six months'front-line work in factories in West Berlin.
The removal of Stalin's body from the mausoleum he shared with Lenin to less distinguished quarters in the Kremlin wall is not unprecedented in history.
There is Karl Marx, of course, buried in London.
U Thant of Burma
Mr. Khrushchev's demand for a troika is dormant, not dead;
Even in areas where political connotations are (deliberately?
The doctrine has never worked;
a quota of 25,000 a year would be more than sufficient.
The scene, of course, should be nine miles northwest of Centralia, Illinois, the geographical center of population according to the census.
Nonetheless, although few in number they are a stubborn crew, as tenacious of life as the Hardshell Baptists, which suggests that there is some kind of vital principle embodied in their faith.
Until Moscow resumed nuclear testing last September 1, the US and UK had released more than twice as much radiation into the atmosphere as the Russians, and the fallout from the earlier blasts is still coming down.
All of which makes it more imperative than ever that the biological and genetic effects of fallout be understood.
The damage to human germ plasm would be such that in the next few generations 160,000 children around the world would be born with gross physical or mental defects.
Of course, the AEC is in a bind now.
and President Kennedy indicated there were one or two more than those reported.
When this second dilemma first became obvious -- during the mid to late'50's -- the United States appeared to have three choices.
The second choice, full testing, has become even more risky just because the current Soviet tests have already dangerously contaminated the atmosphere.
Speaking recently in Miami, Governor Rockefeller said that "to assure the sufficiency of our own weapons in the face of the recent Soviet tests, we are now clearly compelled to conduct our own nuclear tests".
We now have to think not only of our national security but also of the future generations who will suffer from any tests we might undertake.
As it has turned out, however, the excessive enthusiasm in the first instance and the loss of hope in the second were both wrong responses.
Nor can one forget Pope John's unprecedented meeting with the Archbishop of Canterbury.
In the first place, a large part of the discrepancy between President Eisenhower's estimate of a 1.5 billion dollar surplus for the same period and the new estimate of an almost seven billion dollar deficit is the result of the outgoing President's farewell gift of a political booby-trap to his successor.
The party that won used to say something about a New Frontier.
A Lebanese Moslem told about its existence and application in the Islamic tradition as the "divine law", while a C.A.I.P. member who has been working in close association with delegates of the new U.N. nations told of its widespread recognition on the African continent.
I was searching for an accent of self-delusion or, even, of hypocrisy.
) He smiled, and said a word or two to the interpreter, who turned to me, "The President wonders where you are going after you leave Taipei"?
For every person on Taiwan, there are sixty in Mainland China.
It is generally conceded that the Formosan air force is the best by far in Asia, and the army the best trained.
The immediate families of the generals and the admirals are well fed: a despot does not economize on his generals.
But there must be a catalytic pressure.
Tibet has historically served China as a buffer state.
First and foremost, they depend on the inhuman idiocies of the Communist regime.
The Free Chinese know that the situation on the Mainland is in flux, and are poised to strike.
The measure was instantly taken, as always in such cases, of public men at many levels.
But the key revelation is not new.
There is even some question whether the U.S. can any longer defend itself against an initiative by the Left.
We officially receive the anti-French, Moscow-allied Algerian FLN, but we denounce the pro-Europe, anti-Communist OAS as criminal.
If we grasp this orientation as a key, our national conduct in all of the events here mentioned becomes intelligible.
Of straight dramas, there are All The Way Home, which owes much of its poetic power to the James Agee novel, A Death In The Family;
The only other works at least technically original were dreary farces -- Send Me No Flowers (closed), Under The Yum-Yum Tree, Critic's Choice.
The most frequent excuse for the prevalence of unoriginals and tested imports is increasing production expense -- producers cannot afford to take chances.
Several more will open soon.
Continuum of mankind.
With tips, the girls average between $150 and $200 a week, depending on basic salary.
Some Manhattan examples:
But the ships are very slow now, and we don't get so many sailors any more".
His people (see color) are angular and knobby-knuckled, sometimes painfully stretched, sometimes grotesquely foreshortened.
Gradually Schiele evolved a somber style of his own -- and he had few inhibitions about his subject matter.
The subject he liked most was the female body, which he painted in every state -- naked, half-dressed, muffled to the ears, sitting primly in a chair, lying tauntingly on a bed or locked in an embrace.
Was it the party's intention, for example, to abolish gradually the kolkhoz system and replace it by uniformly wage-earning kolkhozes, i.e., state farms (which were, moreover, to be progressively "urbanized")?
This was something on which K. himself seemed to have some doubts;
"Molotov altogether rejects the line of peaceful coexistence, reducing this concept merely to the state of peace or rather, the absence of war at a given moment, and to a denial of the possibility of averting a world war.
There are other symptoms.
What does it all add up to?
Eleven men, a woman and a teen-age boy tramped over cold, damp, fog-enshrouded ground during a two-hour field drill in the problems of guerrilla warfare.
The mortar was equipped with dummy shells and the recoilless rifle was deactivated.
Tenure as criterion
Hence all teachers, good and bad, who have been teaching for a given number of years are paid the same salary.
Without this power we lay open any American industry which the Europeans may find it economically profitable to destroy to the will of others.
He says: "It has swept aside petty nationalisms, age-old rivalries, and worn-out customs".
If we want to preserve our sovereignty, this is the way to do it;
But, in spite of this, I, at present a man 31 years of age and a College Professor, have been recalled "by direction of the President" to report on November 25th to Fort Devens, Massachusetts, for another twelve months of Active Duty as an Sp 4 (the equivalent of a PFC).
) At this late date, it is impossible for St. Michael's College to find a suitable replacement for me.
It's an eighteenth-century negative, man!
"U.S. Flier Loses Plea.
Are tractors available for him?
3.
Truly, that Liberals should choose Louis 14, as a bogey-symbol of conservatism is grotesquely ironic, considering the Louis 14, character of their Grand Monarque, FDR: not only in his accretion of absolute power and personal deification, (le roi gouverne par lui meme), but in the disastrous effects of his spending and war policies.
I feel that N.C. hit the very core of our existence in the editorial "Confrontation".
N.C.'s editorial "Confrontation" is a stunning piece of writing.
Lester Markel is on the right track in his article "Interpretation Of Interpretation" (SR, Mar. 11).
Yet the press was powerless to put these charges in perspective in its news columns.
Next, because of the time differential, the conferences come on the networks during the middle of the day.
apparently it is not.
We had a couple of schools in this country, the principal one being on the Marshall Field estate out in Lloyd's Neck.
A study at the Pentagon and at the service academies revealed that nothing was being done there.
But the attack was made from an advance copy.
The article presents the reader with an absurdity at its beginning.
It is not news that Nathan Milstein is a wizard of the violin.
There was in the Brahms none of the mysterious and marvelous alchemy by which a great conductor can bring soloist, orchestra and music to ultimate fusion.
Rudolf Kempe conducts.
Later the Hurok office made it Dec. 8 thru 17, a nice, long booking for the full repertory.
These are the results.
Will somebody please reopen the Auditorium?
Anyway, a number of them meet here in devastating collisions.
The name of it is Gore Court, and it is surrounded by a wasteland that would impress T. S. Eliot.
He doesn't really need the immense sum of money (probably converted from American gold on the London Exchange) he makes them pay.
Mr. Bates shows us how this mutual education spreads its inevitable havoc.
His addle-brained knight-errant, self-appointed to the ridiculous position in an age when armor had already been relegated to museums and the chivalrous code of knight-errantry had become a joke, is, as Cervantes no doubt intended, a gaunt but gracious symbol of good, moving soberly and sincerely in a world of cynics, hypocrites and rogues.
It is really as though the Russians have seen in this character the oftentimes underlying vitality and courage of supposed buffoons.
Perhaps Special Projects necessarily thinks along documentary lines.
Some of the in-person performers were Jack Teagarden, Gene Krupa, Bud Freeman, Pee Wee Russell, Johnny St. Cyr, Joe Sullivan, Red Allen, Lil Armstrong, Blossom Seeley.
Another source of NBC pride was its rare film clip of Bix Beiderbecke, but this view of the great trumpeter flew by so fast that a prolonged wink would have blotted out the entire glimpse.
She topped the sextet brilliantly.
The performance also marked the debut of a most promising young conductor, Silvio Varviso.
Anyone for musical Ping-pong?
You definitely hear some of the instruments close up and others farther back, with the difference in placement apparently more distinct than would result from the nearer instruments merely being louder than the ones farther back.
Big Band Percussion (SP-44002) seemed one of the least attractive discs -- the arrangements just didn't have so much character as the others.
During the making recently of an important Biblical film, some 40 volumes of research material and sketches not only of costumes and interiors, but of architectural developments, sports arenas, vehicles, and other paraphernalia were compiled, consulted, and complied with.
And to an industry that prides itself on authenticity, he urged greater realism.
This was not an overriding drawback to enjoyment of the performances, however, except in the case of the opening work, Mozart's Sonata in A (K. 526), which clattered along noisily in an unrelieved fashion.
In recent years Anna Xydis has played with the New York Philharmonic and at Lewisohn Stadium, but her program last night at Town Hall was the Greek-born pianist's first New York recital since 1948.
Miss Xydis'earlier selections were Mendelssohn's Variations Serieuses, in which each variation was nicely set off from the others;
A long book heavily weighted with military technicalities, in this edition it is neither so long nor so technical as it was originally.
Field Marshal Slim is striking in description, amusing in many anecdotes.
He believed in being seen near the front lines and he was there.
Expected of a commander
Brooding about future wars, the Field Marshal has this to say: "The Asian fighting man is at least equally brave (as the white), usually more careless of death, less encumbered by mental doubts, less troubled by humanitarian sentiment, and not so moved by slaughter and mutilation around him.
it was even beautiful.
The Polish song and dance company called Mazowsze, after the region of Poland, where it has its headquarters, opened a three-week engagement at the City Center last night.
The stage is constantly full of them;
Directed by Michael Murray;
Not that Mr. Hedison does not make the most of his role.
For the hero of this work by John Osborne and Anthony Creighton is a chap embittered by more than the lack of beer during a jam session.
But it strikes sparks on occasion and their light causes all else to be forgotten.
The cast:
The costumes are stunning evocations of the voluminous gowns and picture hats of the Gibson Girl days.
The cast:
Charlotte Fairchild was excellent as the loyal Marie, who became the second Mrs. LaGuardia, singing and acting with remarkable conviction.
(Several times recently I have wondered whether shows were being staged for the sake of the script or just to entertain the audience with the spectacle of scenery being shifted right in front of their eyes.
But at least it's reassuring to see some teenagers who don't profess to know all the answers and are thinking about their problems instead.
The second feature, "The Price Of Silence", is a British detective story that will talk your head off.
This is a virtue of which we have great need in a society where there seems to be an increasing lack of communication -- or even desire for communication -- between differing schools of thought.
But there is a dignity and even a hint of the inspired prophet in his words to one correspondent: "You ask what I am going to'reply'to Bradley.
It is repeated at intervals in some rather sadly desperate word-games for insomniacs, the hospitalized, and others forced to rely on inner resources, including (in the P's alone) "palindromes", "paraphrases", and "parodies".
Or the mildly epigrammatic utterance (also a quotation): "Woman's place is in the wrong".
you see a picture -- trees, or flowers.
There is fear in the fifties as his title suggests and as his competent drawings show.
that was a nightmarish situation and Low was in his element.
The skies turn dark but the clouds do not loose their wrath.
But, but and but.
) They train the mink and other animals to fight.
If Mr. Kennan is sometimes a little somber in his appraisals, if his analysis of how Western diplomacy met the challenge of an era of great wars and social revolutions is often critical and pessimistic -- well, the record itself is not too encouraging.
Recognizing that there could have been no effective negotiated peace with Hitler, he points out the shocking failure to give support to the anti-Nazi underground, which very nearly eliminated Hitler in 1944.
They were blind to the evidence that nothing could keep the Russian people fighting.
"This was a man of incredible criminality, of a criminality effectively without limits;
But one should not ask for everything.
You may be sure he marries her in the end and has a fine old knockdown fight with the brother, and that there are plenty of minor scraps along the way to ensure that you understand what the word Donnybrook means.
Susan Johnson, as the widow, spends the first half of the play running a bar and singing about the unlamented death of her late husband and the second half trying to acquire a new one.
The male dancers sometimes wear kilts and their performance in them is spirited and stimulating.
A tiny handful never did make the concert.
if it were, its heavily chromatic harmonies would soon become cloying.
A school of thought has it that those attributes are exactly what this concerto needs.
"La Gioconda", like it or not, is a singer's opera.
they have both sung these parts here before.
Their Vanguard album Madrigal Masterpieces (BG 609;
Naturally, Mr. Deller and the other singers in his troupe are most charming and elegant when they are squarely in their tradition and singing music by their countrymen: William Byrd, Thomas Morley and Thomas Tomkins.
Baroque instrumental music in Italy and Germany tends to be strong, lively, intense, controlled and quite abstract.
Jean-Marie LeClair still is remembered a bit, but Bodin De Beismortier, Corrette and Mondonville are hardly household words.
Since rococo music tends to be pretty and elegant above all, it can seem rather vacuous to twentieth-century ears that have grown accustomed to the stress and dissonances of composers from Beethoven to Boulez.
There was, therefore, more musical substance in the concert than might have been the case otherwise.
The musical cleverness and spirit plus a strong sense of taste and measure save a wry little joke from becoming either bawdy or mawkish.
Sat there and as a woman sang, she kept getting thinner and thinner, right before my eyes, and the eyes of some 5,500 other people.
Things like "When You're Smiling", "Almost Like Being In Love", "Do It Again", "Born To Wander", "Alone Together", "Who Cares?
There also came a brief contretemps with the sound mixers who made the mistake of being overheard during a quiet moment near the conclusion of "Do It Again", and she made the tart observation that "I never saw so much moving about in an audience".
She was generous with her encores and the audience was equally so with its cheers and applause and flowers.
He prefers to have his soloist performing and thus we get only brief glimpses of what his ensemble work is like.
The Jazz Three displayed their sound musicianship, not only in their own chosen set, but as the emergency accompanists for Al Minns & Leon James, the superb jazz dancers who have now been Newport performers for three successive years, gradually moving up from a morning seminar on the evolution of the blues to a spot on the evening program.
He met with enthusiastic audience approval, especially when he swung from jazz to Latin American things like the Mambo.
He has been on previous Newport programs and was one of the sensations of last year's afternoon concerts.
Rhythmic interest, melodic beauty and the expansiveness of the writing are all qualities which hold one's attention with the Gilels playing.
Murray Louis and his dance company appeared at the Henry Street Playhouse on Friday and Saturday evenings and Sunday afternoons in the premiere of his latest work, "Signal", and the repetition of an earlier one, "Journal".
It may be, of course, that Mr. Louis is consciously trying to create works that anticipate an age of total automation.
Miss Tamiris'"Once Upon A Time" is a problem piece about a man and a woman and the three "figures" that bother them somehow.
The details of the suburban concerts next season, and the centers in which they will be given, will be announced later, Mr. Toobin said.
The orchestra was obviously on its mettle and it played most responsively.
(Still another song in "Strike Up The Band" -- "I've Got A Crush On You" -- was retrieved from a 1928 failure, "Treasure Girl".
Norman Paris has provided them with extremely effective orchestral accompaniment
For this story of an American couple who meet and fall in love in Israel, Mr. Herman has written songs that are warmly melodious and dance music that sparkles.
The Artkino presentation, with English titles, opened on Saturday at the Cameo Theatre.
Ring Of Bright Water, by Gavin Maxwell.
Just the evocations of time and place, of passionate encounter between man and a natural world which today seems almost lost, would be enough.
With curiosity and elan, he explored every inch of glen, beach and burn, once stranding himself for hours on a ledge high up a sheer seventy-foot cliff and waiting with calm faith to be rescued by Maxwell, who nearly lost his life in doing so.
The brief details of Mijbil's death lend depth to the story, give it an edge of ironic tragedy.
Of course, the well-received revivals last longer than the others, and that further reminds us that the Comedie is not insensitive to criticism.
A few literary men defended what they took to be an emphasis on the poetry at the expense of the drama, but the response was mainly hostile and quite violent.
But the stuff of tragedy was not truly present and the play became only comedy acted rather slowly.
The whole role, by the way, is a considerable transformation for anyone who has seen Seigner in his other parts.
To begin with, Scapin is a trickster in the old tradition of the clever servant who plots the strategy of courtship for his master.
Most of the fingers on his left hand were burned off when he fell asleep with a cigarette.
He dates back to the days before the first sailing ship pulled into New Orleans.
Mischa Elman shared last night's Lewisohn Stadium concert with three American composers.
The Riegger, with its Latin hesitation bounce, is just this side of the pale;
The explanation offered for her conduct is a misguided attempt to save her marriage to a neurotic husband left sterile as a result of an automobile accident.
At the end of the program, indeed, there was a demonstration that lasted for forty-five minutes, and nothing could stop it.
This scene is a "white ballet" in which a lovelorn hero searches for his departed love's spirit among twenty-eight extraordinarily beautiful "shadows" who can all dance like nothing human -- which, of course, is altogether fitting.
Vadim Kalentiev was the conductor.
What might have been only warmed-over topical journalism turns out to be an eyewitness contribution to history.
Mr. White is bluntly frank in his personal opinions.
He wanted to identify with people and have a connection with them;
Throughout "The Making Of A President" Mr. White shows wonderfully well how the pressures pile up on candidates, how decisions have constantly to be made, how fatigue and illness and nervous strain wear candidates down, how subordinates play key roles.
The better part of gallantry might be, perhaps, to honor her perennial good looks and her gorgeous rainbow-hued gown, and to chide the orchestra for not playing in the same keys in which she had chosen to sing.
Lower costs and a larger number of stations are the key factors making such specialization possible.
In the past 10 years, Sponsor observes, these trends have become apparent:
Also, the state with the largest number of Negroes is New York -- not in the South at all.
And many advertisers have been happy with the results of letting a Negro disc jockey phrase the commercial in his own words, working only from a fact sheet.
"Negro-appeal radio is more important to the Negro today, because it provides a direct and powerful mirror in which the Negro can hear and see his ambitions, achievements and desires.
As early as 1928, however, the Sloan style began to change.
or "Carmine Theater, 1912", the only canvas with an ash can (and foraging dog), although Sloan was a member of the famous "Eight", and of the so-called "Ash-Can School", a term he resented.
Any musician playing Beethoven here, where Beethoven was born, is likely to examine his own interpretations with special care.
Volker Wangenheim, who conducted Bonn's Stadtisches Orchester on the following evening, made one more conscious of the process of interpretation.
The last program of this festival, which during two weeks had sampled most compositional categories, brought the Cologne Rundfunk-Sinfonie-Orchester and Rundfunkchor to Bonn's gold-filled hall for a performance of the Missa Solemnis.
Dr. R. A. Lyttleton, a lecturer at St. John's College, Cambridge, and a reader in theoretical astronomy at the University of Cambridge;
Then, after many more billions of years, when all the galaxies are whistling toward a common center, this movement will slow down and reverse itself again.
The charges of the electron and proton are believed to be exactly equal and opposite, but Dr. Lyttleton is not so sure.
It is clear from this discussion that cosmologists of every persuasion look hopefully toward the day when a man-made satellite can be equipped with optical devices which will open up new vistas to science.
Rather they are genuine clods, proud of their cloddishness and openly antagonistic to the illuminating influences of aesthetics or thought.
But while she is able to tell her retarded family about the new world she has seen open before her, Ronnie has not been able to observe her progress, and instead of appearing at a family party to be looked over like a new bull, he sends Beatie a letter of dismissal.
The barbed sallies of Beatrice and Benedick, so contemporary to a public inured to the humor of insult, raised chuckles.
Others huddled under the trees outside the fence.
"Much Ado" ends happily.
Put to the service of lieder of Schubert, Brahms, Strauss and Wolf in a dramatical and musical way, it made its effect with ease and precision.
Miss Schwarzkopf is too great an artist to need them.
Their props were two stepladders, a chair and a palm fan.
There are sixteen essays in "Blue Skies, Brown Studies".
He only rarely tells a personal anecdote and hardly ever sketches an individual or quotes his opinions.
at the supreme delights to be found in one of the world's finest restaurants, La Bonne Auberge, which is situated on the seacoast twenty miles west of the Nice airport;
"The white colonnaded, cedar-roofed Southern mansion is directly traceable via the grey and buff stone of grey-skied England to the golden stucco of one particular part of the blue South, the Palladian orbit stretching out from Vicenza: the old mind of Andrea Palladio still smiles from behind many an old rocking chair on a Southern porch, the deep friezes of his architectonic music rise firm above the shallower freeze in the kitchen, his feeling for light and shade brings a glitter from a tall mint julep, his sense of columns framing the warm velvet night has brought together a million couple of mating lips".
In a succession of scenes they appear in different guises -- patrons of a cafe, performers in a circus and participants in a family picnic -- but in each instance they inevitably put ugliness before beauty.
The brief notes introducing each work offer salient historical or technical points, and many listeners are probably grateful for being intelligently taken by the hand through an often difficult maze.
The "Suite Of Old Russian Dances" that opened that inaugural program with the slow and modest entrance of the maidens and built steadily into typical Moiseyev vigor and warmth;
Their autumn tints are all fairly low keyed compared with the fiery stabs of crimson, gold, purple, bronze, blue and vermilion that flame up in North America.
Ontario's foliage is most vivid from about Sept. 23 to Oct. 10, with both Muskoka (100 miles north of Toronto) and Haliburton (125 miles northwest of Toronto) holding color cavalcades starting Sept. 23.
About the same time the Alleghenies and Poconos in Pennsylvania are magnificent -- Renovo holds its annual Flaming Foliage Festival on Oct. 14, 15.
Farther south, there are attractive patches all the way to the Ozarks, with some seasonal peaks as late as early November.
Since 1892 ears of red, yellow, purple and white corn have annually been nailed to 11 big picture panels to create huge "paintings".
Carson McCullers, after a long, painful illness that might have crushed a less-indomitable soul, has come back with an absolute gem of a novel which jumped high on best-seller lists even before official publication.
Virgilia Peterson, a critic by trade, has turned her critical eye pitilessly and honestly on herself in an autobiography more of the mind and heart than of specific events.
Leningrad's Kirov Ballet, famous for classic purity of technique, begins its first U.S. tour in New York (through Sept. 30).
Purple Noon:
In a raucous take-off on radio commercials, Singer Ray Stevens hawks a cure-all for neuritis, neuralgia, head-cold distress, beriberi, overweight, fungus, mungus and water on the knee.
Pleasure boating is just scooting into its best months in California as crisp breezes bring out craft of every size on every kind of water -- ocean, lake and reservoir.
Gulf Coast.
tva lakes.
Unhappily, "Heaven Has No Favorites" does not alter the record except to add one more bad book to the list.
This latter failure is more than merely bad reportage and it is distinctly more important than it would have been had the author drawn Clerfayt as, say, a tournament golfer.
Clerfayt is neurotic, preoccupied, and passive.
the Briton Stirling Moss, one of the greatest virtuosi of all time, believes that ultra-fast road-circuit driving is an art form related to ballet.
If, say, the Russians intended to stop Tom Jones'going to the pub, then Tom Jones would fight the Commies.
America has divided more than she has united the West.
Such a man must be able and willing to give clear and sensible advice to the whole group, a person in whom all the member nations will have absolute confidence.
He alone has the wisdom, the conviction, the tenacity, and the courage to reach a decision.
However, at the same time Montgomery selects as his hero De Gaulle, who is a militarist dominated by political ambitions.
The reading public, the theatergoing public, the skindiving public, the horse-playing public -- all these and others fill substantial roles in U.S. life, but none is so varied, vast and vigilant as the eating public.
Fads, facts
He has measured the skinfolds (the fleshy areas under the shoulder blades) of Neapolitan firemen, studied the metabolism of Finnish woodcutters, analyzed the "mealie-meal" eaten by Capetown coloreds, and experimented on Minneapolis businessmen.
Americans eat too much fat.
Morals aside, the fat man has plenty to worry about -- over and above the fact that no one any longer loves him.
In moderate doses, alcohol narcotizes the appestat and enhances appetite (the original reason for the cocktail);
He may be interested in another woman, or just like being with the boys.
That remarkable cholesterol.
When thus deposited, Keys says that cholesterol is mainly responsible for the arterial blockages that culminate in heart attacks.
But fatty foods do.
The three fats have similar caloric values (about 265 calories per oz.), but each exerts a radically different influence on blood cholesterol.
Not only in popular thought but in that of the highly educated as well was this true.
There have been, indeed, many important and valuable gains from the development of our present scientific view of the world for which we may be rightly grateful.
Aside from a quaint concern with witches and devils which provides the immediate problem in the opening scene, it is a quite normal community.
The audience leaves the play under a spell, It is the kind of spell which the exposure to spirit in its living active manifestation always evokes.
Even Mr. Miller himself seems uncertain on this score.
It casts a spell upon them so that they leave with a feeling of having been in the mysterious presence of an evil power.
It is not material and is not a "thing" occupying space and time.
One characteristic of the spirit in community is its givenness.
Mythological concepts may by all means still be used, but they can be used responsibly only as "symbols" or "ciphers", that is, only if they are also constantly interpreted in nonmythological (or existential) terms.
The same thing is also evidenced by the extreme "culture-Protestantism" so often observed to characterize the preaching and teaching of the American churches.
By analogy, the church also has been regarded as entirely independent of the "world" in the sense of requiring nothing from it in order to be the church.
This must be stressed because it is absolutely essential to the argument of this concluding chapter.
Finally, we may also mention the several members of the self-consciously "neoliberal" movement that developed at the University of Chicago and is heavily indebted philosophically to the creative work of Alfred North Whitehead.
It follows, then, provided the possibilities have been exhausted, that the only real alternative is the general viewpoint of the "left", which has been represented on the Continent by Fritz Buri and, to some extent at least, is found in much that is significant in American and English theology.
(2) accepts instead a special biblical hermeneutics or method of interpretation;
As an American Catholic of Irish ancestry, I came with certain preconceptions and expectations;
"When you pile your "guy" on the bonfire tomorrow night, I wonder how much of the true story of Guy Fawkes you will remember?
She may not have been exact on this number, but others here feel quite certain that the percentage would be less than ten.
It should be admitted, too, that there is a good percentage of lapsed or nonchurchgoing Catholics (one paper writes 50 per cent).
It has been my experience to find as many men as women in church, and to hear almost everyone in church congregations reciting the Latin prayers and responses at Mass.
One of the more noteworthy changes that have taken place since the mid-19th century is the situation of Catholics at Oxford and Cambridge Universities.
There were many letters of strong protest against the portrait of the Anglican clergyman, who was indeed portrayed as a man not particularly concerned with religious matters and without really very much to do as clergyman.
English Catholics reacted to this event with moderate but real hope.
Perhaps no church father saw this concurrence of the unique and the universal as clearly, or formulated it as precisely, as Irenaeus.
yet each historical event remains unique.
They were, in fact, children.
the similitude of God, by contrast, is that which makes a man a child of God and not merely a rational creature.
There is no justification for systematizing the random statements of Irenaeus about the image of God beyond this, nor for reading into his imprecise usage the later theological distinction between the image of God (humanity) and the similitude of God (immortality).
That parallelism affects his picture of man's disobedience too;
The wages of sin is death.
This applies to his picture of Adam.
If it was, then it must have been God's intention to translate him at a certain point from time to eternity.
for it teaches salvation from, not salvation in, time and history.
Grant all this -- still, when modern Unitarianism and the Harvard Divinity School recall with humorous affection the insults Parker lavished upon them, or else argue that after all Parker received the treatment he invited, they betray an uneasy conscience.
Parker was never excommunicated.
He still points an accusing finger at all of us, telling us we have neither the courage to support him nor the energy to cut his throat.
And then, as they become aware that they have reached the end of their patience, what do they, to their dismay, learn for the first time about themselves?
Because he spoke openly with what Channing had prophesied someone might -- with daring hyperbole -- Parker vindicated Channing's further prophecy that he who committed this infraction of taste would promptly discover how little mercy liberals were disposed to allow to libertarians who appeared to them libertines.
This was war.
We have no answer as to why we are not alarmed.
In one thing the higher critics, like the modernists, however, overreached themselves, in claiming that the Gospel of John was not written in John's time but well after the first century, perhaps as late as 150 A.D.
Nor can any man save himself by good works or by a commendable "moral life", although such works are the natural fruits and evidences of a saving faith already received and naturally expressing itself through such avenues.
In his heart he had that peace of which the Lord spoke when He said, "Peace I leave with you, my peace I give unto you: not as the world giveth, give I unto you.
Such a calm and assuring peace can be yours.
"I am resting today in His wonderful peace,
An average of 50 suicides are reported in America each day!
It is true that we must keep up our national defenses and scientific accomplishments;
Or are you trying the devil's substitutes to relieve that spiritual hunger you feel within?
"As many as received Him (Jesus), to them gave He power to become the sons of God, even to them that believe on his name".
He says: "That would reduce neurotic ailments tremendously.
30% of them worried about past happenings which were completely beyond their control;
We spend billions of dollars on liquor, and many more billions on various forms of escapist entertainment.
We have so many new things to fear in this age of nuclear weapons, dreadful things which are too horrible to contemplate.
It could have the same effect on Communists.
He didn't live in a world of perpetual peril like ours.
A man with a baby in his arms stood there pleading for his wife who is on the other side with the rest of the family.
These things may be happening many miles away from us but really they are right next door.
First, "the Lord is my light".
We live in the bright daylight of that great event;
If God be for us, who can be against us?
The word is really "stronghold".
but, as he had a special fondness for magic and divination, he ordered that books on these subjects should be spared.
The importance of this 5 can largely be explained by the natural mathematical properties of the middle number and its special relationship to all the rest of the numbers -- quite apart from any numerological considerations, which is to say, any symbolic meaning arbitrarily assigned to it.
Thus all differences were leveled, and all contrasts erased, in a realm of no distinction, and the harmonious balance of the Lo Shu square could effectively symbolize the world in balanced harmony around a powerful central axis.
but why did the Old Chinese postulate five elements, when the Ancient Near East -- which may have initiated the idea that natural elements exerted influence in human life and activities -- recognized only four?
As such, one cannot fully understand the thought of the pre-Han and Han periods without knowing the meanings inherent in the Lo Shu;
Instead of linking the nine numbers of this diagram with the traditional Nine Provinces, as was usually done, this equated the odd, Yang numbers with mountains (firm and resistant, hence Yang) and the even numbers with rivers (sinuous and yielding, hence Yin);
and the 6, the (upper) Yellow River in the Northwest.
The work of Lay Visitation Evangelism is not completed when all of the persons on the Responsibility List have been interviewed.
Preparation for Church membership begins immediately after the commitment is received.
It is definitely a "spiritual guidance conference".
They will have a greater appreciation for the Church and a deeper devotion to it if membership requires something of them.
D
An "interest finder" or "talent sheet" may be filled out by each person.
This gives greater opportunity for the learning process.
5)
10)
Those coming from other denominations will welcome the opportunity to become informed.
It can mean the difference between participation and inaction, spiritual growth and decay.
Arrange a reserved section in the sanctuary where all new members may sit together.
7)
This is no spectator-type experience;
During this period 7,484,268 members were received, yet the net membership now is only 9,910,741.
The entire membership of the local church must be alerted to their part in this dynamic process.
-- Social and recreational activities
The words of Cardinal Newman come forcibly to mind: "Oh how we hate one another for the love of God"!
Man is at once a gregarious animal and a form-creating being.
It is the art of relating the finite to the infinite, of doing our best to insure that the particularistic requirements of religious institutions will not thwart God's intent of unity among men more than is minimally necessary.
To some extent the personal inadequacies that prejudices attempt to compensate for are to be found in all of us.
Actually, however, this turns out to be only part of the picture.
Again, India has imposed formidable barriers against the entrance of additional missionaries, and fanatical Hindu parties are expected to seek further action against Christians once the influence making for tolerance due to Nehru and his followers is gone.
The partition of India has hardly improved relations between Hindus and Muslims;
Pakistan was created in 1947 expressly as a Muslim state, but when the army took over eleven years later it did so on a wave of mass impatience which was directed in part against the inability of political and religious leaders to think their way through to the meaning of Islam for the modern political situation.
The failure at that time of the Puerto Rican bishops to control the votes of their people added a ring of good sense to Father Weigel's theological argument.
In mentioning this under "salvation reconsidered" I do not mean to imply that Roman Catholic doctrine has changed in this area but rather that it has become clearer to the world community what that doctrine is.
It means to do it and to know one is doing it, but as only a secondary if certain effect of the good one primarily does and intends.
Above all, he does not debate mere contingencies, and therefore, if these are possibly dreadful, find himself forced into inaction.
"the worst, and least probable" result;
) "Quoting Mr. Kennan's phrase that anything would be better than a policy which led inevitably to nuclear war, he (Toynbee) says that anything is better than a policy which allows for the possibility of nuclear war".
On their way to the Heavenly City the children of God make use of the pax-ordo of the earthly city and acknowledge their share in responsibility for its preservation.
Hope for the future would lie in the natural longing of the human race for freedom and the right to develop".
Few business groups in recent years have come under heavier pressure to face these realities than real estate brokers and home builders.
Here, in an atmosphere of forthrightness and mutual criticism, each sought to bring his particular insights to bear upon the question of discrimination in housing and the part each man present played in it.
A narrow professionalism
Realtors live in their communities as specialists in a given area of work, as members of social and professional organizations, as citizens and civic leaders, as church laymen, as university alumni, as newspaper readers, etc.
Like business and university groups generally, these men had very limited knowledge of recent sociological and psychological studies and findings that might illumine the decisions they make.
Discussion of minority housing necessarily involves such basic issues as the intensity of one's democratic conviction and religious belief concerning equality of opportunity, the function and limitations of government in the securing of such equality, and the spotlight that world opinion plays upon local incidents of racial agitation and strife.
)
That community of all creation is, then, the ultimate object of our loyalty and the concrete norm of all moral judgment.
Science is placing in our hands the ultimate power of the universe, the power of the atom.
It was only about the size of a baseball;
I have calculated that if I could snap my fingers in one magic gesture to release the power of all the hydrogen in my body, I would explode with the force of a hundred bombs of the kind that fell on Hiroshima.
It is power with which we can literally rebuild the world, provide adequate housing, food, education, abundant living for everyone everywhere.
a billion peas would fill a small house from cellar to attic;
then we have sextillion peas.
I start growing rapidly and this calcium atom grows along with me.
it also contains nearly all the mass, and the atomic energy.
and in mechanics the whole is no more than the sum of the parts.
And as the waves flow back and forth and merge with the waves from the neighboring atoms, you can put on a magic hearing aid and you hear music.
but the rest of the year only one boat is needed, which ties up at the mainland nights and makes the trip down to Nantucket in the daytime.
What in some ways was the most important aspect was the impact individually on the millions who constituted the nation.
To generalize for the entire nation would be absurd.
We have already hinted at the fashion in which Christianity contributed to education and so to intellectual life.
Here was what was called the American dream, namely, the effort to build a structure which would be something new in history and to do so in such fashion that God could bless it.
Reform movements
We cannot take the space to record all the efforts for the removal or alleviation of collective ills.
In the latter year Samuel Hopkins, from whom the Hopkinsian strain of New England theology took its name, asked the Continental Congress to abolish slavery.
Incurably optimistic, dogmatic, and utterly fearless, in his youth a devout Baptist, in spite of his friendship for the Quaker poet John Greenleaf Whittier (1807-1892) he eventually attacked the orthodox churches for what he deemed their cowardly compromising on the slavery issue and in his invariably ardent manner was emphatically unorthodox and denied the plenary inspiration of the Bible.
Weld contributed to the anti-slavery convictions of such men as Joshua R. Giddings and Edwin M. Stanton, enlisted John Quincy Adams, and helped provide ideas which underlay Harriet Beecher Stowe's Uncle Tom's Cabin.
Thus, the emperor could draw on sources not available to those with less puissant ancestors.
His power was so great that he even promoted and demoted gods according to whether they had given ear or been deaf to petitions.
If the moral code were flouted, the proper balance of the universe would be upset, and the disastrous result could be floods, plague, or famine.
After this form of Indian Buddhism had been introduced into China, it underwent extensive changes.
this was not virtue as we understand the word today, and it did not mean an abandonment of the belief in magic manipulation.
The Ch'an (Zen) sect may have derived its metaphysic from Mahayana, but its psychology was pure early Taoist.
Reality is considered not only irrelevant to the acquisition of higher knowledge, but a positive handicap.
The early Anchorite masters attracted disciples because of their presumed ability to perform miracles.
A second tale shows still more clearly the kind of powers a truly spiritual monk could possess: "On one occasion Yang Shan (Kyo-zan) saw a stranger monk flying through the air.
To the Zen monk the universe is still populated with "spiritual beings" who have to be appeased.
They recommended, also, that "at a fixed hour, let the entire family be assembled for night prayers, followed by a short reading of the Holy Scriptures".
Hebrews 14.
Romans 12.
For you have been reborn, not from corruptible seed but from incorruptible, through the word of God.
Everyone who believes that Jesus is the Christ is born of God.
(The new nature, received at the time of regeneration, is divine and holy, and as the believer lives under the power of this new nature he does not practice sin.
1 St. John 14.
Philippians 1: 6.
The nature of the new birth
For his workmanship we are, created in Christ Jesus.
The new birth is the impartation of the divine nature.
Ephesians 17.
But to as many as received him he gave the power of becoming sons of God;
Our blessed Lord Jesus Christ, the sinless Son of God, who could not lie, said, "Amen, amen, I say to thee, unless a man be born again, he cannot see the kingdom of God" (St. John 3: 3).
God allowed it.
The eternal Christ may knock at your soul's door, calling you to give up sin and prepare for heaven.
The choice is yours: the revellings and banquetings of this world or quiet communion with God;
That purpose has never changed.
They do not understand how a small magazine with no advertising and no newsstand sale could have achieved such a following.
All things are possible to God, but He chooses -- usually -- to work through people.
The people who told the stories were sincere.
"You're not living up to your own principles", she told my discouraged people.
Hundreds of civic clubs, business firms and individuals make me available to school teachers throughout the land.
Last summer John and Elizabeth Sherrill were in Alaska.
Arthur Gordon comes once a month all the way from Georgia.
Perhaps you think the editorial meetings are solemn affairs, a little sanctimonious?
For you, readers, are an all-important part of the spiritual experiment that is Guideposts.
And then Castro himself did come, bearded, smiling;
Within a week, however, I began to suspect that something was wrong.
Under another law, hundreds of farms were seized.
I had watched Castro handling his enemies before the paredon.
I had mounted it on velvet and hung it over my desk to remind me always to use the power of the paper in a Christian manner.
Therefore it's a genuine pleasure to tell you about an entirely happy bodybuilder who has never had to train in secret has never heard one unkind word from his parents and never has been taunted by his schoolmates!
Charles Harve, who recently won the "Most Muscular Man" subdivision award in the Mr. Canada event;
Henri has always had shapely legs from swimming and water skiing and really doesn't have to work them very much.
So right away Claude introduced Henri to his famous "moon" bench and proceeded to teach him his first Push-Pull Super-Set consisting of the wide-grip Straight-Arm Pullover (the "pull" part of the Push-Pull Super-Set) which dramatically widens the ribcage and strongly affects the muscles of the upper back and chest and the collar-to-collar Bench Press which specifically works on the chest to build those wide, Reeves-type "gladiator" pecs, while stimulating the upper lats and frontal deltoids.
The Pushup done in this manner is the greatest pectoral-ribcage stretcher ever invented!
This gives a wide flare to the pecs, causing them to flow dramatically upward into deltoids and dramatically downward into the serratus and Aj.
Often these exercises work well for some bodybuilders but less spectacularly for others.
But for purely definition purposes -- used in conjunction with your regular Squatting, Leg Curling, Leg Extensor programs -- a heavy weight is not needed.
It increases flexibility of the legs.
When the front knee is straight and locked, allow it to bend again until you feel the bar come lightly into contact with the sides of the Power Stands.
Squat-style lifters and leg-split lifters would both benefit enormously by practicing those variations providing that they remember to make alternate sets with the left and right leg to the front.
Their seeds produce vigorous blooming plants half again the size of the unimproved strains.
It doesn't really matter which month of the year you sow them, but they germinate best when they have a wide variation of temperature, very warm followed by cool in the same 24 hours.
When the first sprinkling of green appears I remove the board.
I doubt if it is possible to overfeed them.
When winter comes be ready with additional mulch.
In response to the lengthening days of February they budded, then bloomed their 4-inch velvety flowers.
These cut-down plants will bud and blossom in record time and will behave just as they did in early spring.
Many people think that pansies last only a few weeks, then their period of growth and bloom is over.
A salad with greens and tomato is a popular and wonderfully healthful addition to a meal, but add an avocado and you have something really special.
Once you become an avocado fan, you will look forward to the season each year with eager anticipation.
If the temperature is controlled properly, the avocado will delay its ripening until needed.
None of these values is destroyed, not significantly altered by refrigeration storage.
A great many writers are bewitched by the apparently overwhelming advantage an attacker would have if he were to strike with complete surprise using nuclear rockets.
It should be appallingly apparent that city-trading is not a profitable military tactic.
Even if all these operations could be performed instantaneously, the ICBM still has a time of flight to the target of about 30 minutes.
The aircraft could be used to destroy other mobile, fleeting, and imprecisely located targets as well as the known, fixed and hardened targets which can also be destroyed by missile.
Some day, many years in the future, true spacecraft will be able to find and destroy mobile targets.
Eliminate the vulnerability of aircraft on the ground and you have essentially eliminated its vulnerability to long-range ballistic missiles.
There is little enthusiasm for spending money to develop more powerful engines because of the erroneous belief that the aircraft has been made obsolete by the missile.
We would have the means to seek out and destroy the enemy's force -- whether it were fixed or mobile.
SAMOS will be hard put to see through clouds -- and to see in the dark.
It is our lack of extreme accuracy which forces the use of very large yield nuclear weapons.
Other interpretations present the music as an essentially intimate creation.
Schnabel's emphasis on structural clarity, his innate rhythmic vibrancy, and impetuous intensity all tend to stamp his reading as a symphonic one.
There is a break in continuity just before the fourth variation in the "Forellen" movement, and I suspect that this is due to imperfect splicing between sides of the original Aj.
But having lived with the disc for some time now, I find the performance less exciting than either Schnabel's or Fleisher's (whose superb performance with the Budapest Quartet has still to be recorded) and a good deal less filled with humor than Curzon's.
Must records always sound like records?
This difference is made up of many factors.
Because of this, only those with truly fine equipment will be able to appreciate the exact degree of the engineers'triumph.
yet the hall never intrudes as a quasi-performer.
The engineering provides exactly the support needed for such a result.
At the Westminster KC Dog Show in Madison Square Garden, New York on the second day, the Finals of the Junior Class brought out the most competitive competition in the history of this Class.
I know because this is my 37th year with hardly a break.
"Take away your attitude", said Mrs. Long, "and what have you left?
And may you all continue to show at Westminster in the years to come"!
Westminster Show Notes
Juniors competed last year at American Kennel Club and Canadian Kennel Club, recognized shows to be eligible to compete in this Class -- the Finals for the year.
Betty Lou Ham, age 16, Holyoke, Mass., showing an Irish Setter, was chosen as International Champion of the year.
Karen Marcmann, age 16, Trapp, Penna., showing a Keeshond was 4th.
Such a Class was tried out successfully at the Westchester KC Show recently.
The founder of the Junior Showmanship Competition the late Leonard Brumby, Sr. (for whom the trophy is named after at Westminster) was an outstanding Handler and believed a Junior should have an opportunity to exhibit in a dog show starting with the Junior Showmanship Division.
Traveling through the South -- over 16,000 miles -- with two Great Danes, an Afghan, and a Persian kitten, we've worked up a regular routine for acceptance at motels.
Is it that they don't care?
Developed as a result of the multi-purpose resources control program of the government, vast, man-made bodies of water represent a kind of glorious fringe benefit, providing boating and fishing havens all over the country.
And trailers for boats are not what they started out to be ten years ago.
There are canoes ideal for fishing in protected waters or for camping trips.
Russia, whose technology is not quite primitive, is still in the dark ages when it comes to improving the outboard motor, for instance.
Terms range from one to five years and the interest rates and down payments run about the same as for automobiles.
must and should do.
It is always wise to consult your marine dealer, local yacht or boat club secretary, or local law enforcement officers if you are not positive what the regulations are.
A new waterfront site for the bureau is now being built at Atlantic City, New Jersey, to provide the most modern marine testing facilities as a further tool to keep the sport safe.
Yachtel, a relatively new word, indicates a waterfront type of hotel where a yachtsman may dock and find overnight accommodations on the premises as well as other services.
Close behind the plane of the tappets are the locking bars.
Interlocking signals are normally at stop or "red" position, and a lever must be pulled to "clear" the signal.
Each diagram is accompanied by a "dog chart", a list of the levers that show which other levers any particular lever will lock if pulled.
The interlocking frame we built at the model railroader workshop and then installed on Paul Larson's railroad follows the Fig. 1 scheme and is shown beginning in Fig. 7, page 65, and in the photos.
This gives you the spacing for locating the left-hand piece "B".
Now place 12 pieces 1/2" sq. on this edge as we did before and space them with the 5-3/4" long "tappets", as they are called.
Either lay the components aside in proper order or code them with numbers and letters so they may be replaced in their proper positions.
Drill two No. 50 holes, one in the insert and one in the locking bar spacer directly above it, and tap 2-56.
Draw-file No. 1 tappet to a smooth fit in its respective slot and square the ends.
Drill a No. 47 hole crosswise through the tappet at the position shown in Figs. 7 and 8.
Since the same method of shaping and fitting the dogs and notches is used throughout, we will only describe the construction of one locking bar.
File the bottom edge flush with the bar and the top 1/8" above the bar.
A Barrette Swiss pattern file is handy since its triangular shape with only one cutting face will allow you to work a surface without marring an adjoining one.
Math and the formulas that allow it to be applied to different problems are, therefore, essential to any scientific endeavor.
The equation is used for the mathematical process of solving the problem.
For example: Af.
Addition is indicated by the + symbol.
The easiest way to do this is with a conversion chart.
When it is needed, one formula is as important as another.
Pi is used in formulas concerned with the dimensions of circles.
The formula, with the fractions converted to decimals, becomes Af.
Do not overfill the chamber.
The volume of the opening is added to the combustion chamber volume.
The compression ratio is 10 to 1.
, for Engine crankshaft speed
To determine car speed for a given combination of engine speed, gear ratio, and tire size, the formula is: Af.
She is owned by Ralph H. Kroening, Milwaukee, Wis., who, according to the railbirds, can feel justly proud of her.
They are two good colts of different type.
He appeared in the hopples about November 14, was treated for worms on the 18th, the latter date being the first time he struck a real pace.
But up to date he has shown as much as any in the big Simpson stable.
Justine Hanover (Sampson Hanover-Justitia Hanover) is improving with each work-out and paced 2:32.4 weeks ago.
Up to date she is a grand-looking filly.
Most of Billy Haughton's 2-year-olds have worked from 2:40 to 2:35.
The last-named is a fine-looking, large colt, who has been unfortunate to be laid off for some time due to injuries.
Good Flying (Good Time-Olivette Hanover) 2:36;
Good Little Girl (Good Time-Mynah Hanover) 2:36;
Being placed in the hopples she was completely baffled.
Isaac (Hoot Mon-Goddess Hanover), 2:30.3-:36;
Armbro Comet (Nibble Hanover-Mauri Hanover) has been in 2:38.
For the aged horses: Mr. Budlong, p, 2:00.2, Lottie Thomas, p, 2:04.2, Mighty Signal 2:03, Clever Braden, p, 2:01.1, and Glow Star, p, 2:02.3 have been in 2:35;
The average reader of this magazine owns more than one gun (we ran a survey to find out) but he's always on the lookout for new and better arms.
First on my own list would be two arms -- a rifle and a handgun -- that qualify as new in the strictest sense.
After figuring out how to regulate the barrels so that they shot to the same point of impact, we fired this little 20-inch-barrel job on my home range and in Marlin's underground test gallery.
The Deerstalker points with the ease, speed and precision of a fine imported double shotgun, and its trigger pull is light and sharp.
It can cut a red squirrel neatly in two or burst a crow into a flurry of feathers.
Newcomers to the American hunter are the Browning group of bolt-action, high-power rifles.
have the short action;
Previously known as Jefferson Arms, Kodiak has given this 11-shot hammerless job an exceptionally fine stock design, and the 260 is the first autoloader to handle
You can unscrew this tube and replace it with a smoothbore insert for use with
they weigh around nine pounds.
Because of its traditional lines, it probably has more kid appeal than any other model.
A beginner's shotgun has also been introduced this year.
It's the Valmet (about $170), a 12-gauge over/under very much like the old Remington 32 -- which was so fine a gun that today a used one still brings high prices.
Jet -- which I coupled with the Deerstalker carbine as one of the year's two biggest developments -- few significant innovations appeared among 1961's handguns.
They did not complain at the inhuman hour of starting (seven in the morning), nor of the tariff, which was reasonable since it covered everything but the tobacco.
This was an honor, like dining with a captain at his private table.
This dish much resembles the oysters Rockefeller made famous by Antoine's in New Orleans, though the Palace chef announced it as a variant of Manning's roast oysters.
The horses were groomed to a high gloss;
The omelet named for Ernest Arbogast, the Palace's chef, was even more in demand.
Twice he left everything to his entourage, and fled to make the Santa Cruz tour under Vernon's guidance.
inns have burned down, moved elsewhere, or taken other names.
Vernon kept an account book with a list of all the establishments that he thought worthy of patronage.
Wright's devil sauce
No one complained of the white wine either: at this altitude of two thousand feet, grapes acquire a dryness and the tang of gunflint.
In a saucepan put sufficient water to cover them, an equal amount of sugar, a sliced lemon, a tablespoonful of apricot preserve or jam, a pinch each of clove and nutmeg, and a large bay leaf.
To hope to cover just one region of this land and to enjoy all of its sights and events and, of course, to bring back pictures of your experiences, requires advance planning.
to Washington, D.C., for an eye-filling tour of the city;
There you'll witness a view which includes the Adirondack Mts. and the Winooski River.
Around New England, you'll no doubt want a color shot of one of the picturesque lighthouses.
Richmond, Virginia;
The great state of Texas offers metropolitan attractions such as the Dallas Fair Park with its art and natural history museums.
Foliage is the outstanding photo subject in many of the Southern locales mentioned above and some specific tips on how and where to shoot it are in order.
Singing On The Mountain in Linville, North Carolina, on June 25.
Another spot with an image-provoking name is the Black Hills where you can visit the old frontier mining town of Deadwood.
For a resort area, Mackinack Island, Michigan, is the place to visit.
the world-renowned 500-mile auto race at Indianapolis, Indiana, plus a festival from May 27-30;
Among its most spectacular features are its falls, the highest being Upper Yosemite which drops 2,425 feet.
For almost 3,000 years Europe and Asia have rubbed shoulders in its streets.
I started my tour of them at the Turkish Government Tourist Office, next to Pan American's office on the left as you enter the driveway that leads to the Hilton Hotel.
On his first trip to the finished structure he boasted that he had built a temple grander than Solomon's in Jerusalem.
Behind this is a minber or Moslem pulpit and near it a raised platform with golden grillwork, where the emperors and, after them, the sultans, sat.
Near the end of the Hippodrome I came upon the Built Column, a truncated obelisk of blocks, all that remains of a monument that once rivalled the Colossus of Rhodes.
Called the Marmara Gazinosu, it is on the third floor, with signs pointing the way there, and has a terrace overlooking the Sea of Marmara.
Passing through the gate, with towers on either side once used as prisons, I entered a huge square surrounded by buildings, and on the wall to my right found a general plan of the grounds, with explanations in English for each building.
(Do start fires one or two hours ahead of time to obtain a lasting bed of glowing coals.
If doubtful about a steak, boldly cut it in half.
Keep the desserts simple;
heavy foil on hand at all times.
Tougher than plastic, it wears well.
In the winter, hibachi in the kitchen or grill over the logs of the fireplace.
Decide in the beginning to put your barbecue equipment to work.
Simple meat dishes
Years later, franks-in-buns were accepted as the "first to go" at the New York Polo Grounds.
-- An unusual flavor can be achieved by marinating the franks in French dressing or a mixture of honey, lemon juice and brown sugar prior to the picnic.
Add ham;
.
Add remaining ingredients and bring to a boil.
Chili con carne: use canned chili con carne.
Combine first 9 ingredients in skillet.
Stick 4 or 5 cloves in each frank, ham fashion.
Twist one strip diagonally around each skinless frankfurter, pinching dough at ends to seal it.
Instructions for preparing clay, drying, glazing and firing are not given.
Clean wooden molds and presses thoroughly;
To obtain clear impression of mold, press clay gently but firmly into mold cavity, starting at center and working to outer edges.
Place project on table and carefully lift the mold off.
No bisque firing.
No further firing.
Fill small hole in bowl with clay.
Place clay pieces on wall board.
Score plain side of C and leave in mold.
Place jar on plaster board with lid in place to dry slowly.
Salt and pepper:
place on plaster board.
Add holes in top, forming "S" for salt and "P" for pepper.
Trim away excess clay;
To form spout, between two designs, dampen area slightly and gently push clay outward.
Put cut pieces on plaster board to dry to firm leather-hard state.
Inside of pieces was glazed with three coats of Creek-Turn bottle green antique glaze.
to measure armhole:
to sew seams with backstitch:
Ease in any extra fullness evenly around.
The gals can sun themselves in the roomy aft cockpit.
The cabin has several shelves for small items and storage under the bunks for water skiis, life jackets, etc.
All framing in Hotei is one-inch mahogany which, in the dressed state you buy it, is about the 13/16-inch thickness specified in the drawings.
The frames are notched only for the keelson and the chines.
The keelson, made of two three-inch widths, is next installed.
The second two pieces lap over the inner member of the keelson and butt against the outer member.
Fairing is always a tedious job but the work can be cut down considerably with a Skill planer and a simple jig.
The best procedure is to have a few friends hold the planking in place while you mark it off.
After planking, the bottom gets a layer of Fiberglas.
Using a cheap brush, coat one side of the bottom with the resin and then apply the cloth.
I set it on the Gator trailer.
The decking is quarter-inch mahogany marine plywood.
The windshield glass is shatterproof and Plexiglas is used in the cabin.
Most of it is panelized and utilizes standard materials, and requires the use of only simple tools.
Thus, when you have prepared your foundation and laid the floor, these can be trucked to the site and erected with a small crew of friends in a weekend.
Be sure that this information is reasonably official and not just an unfounded opinion.
A visit in the early spring after a thaw will be very informative.
The wall panels are constructed of a framework of standard Af and Af of a good grade, free from structural faults.
The filler panels for the gable ends are cut from full Af sheets as shown, leaving no wastage.
A press with an 11 inch capacity lets you drill to the center of a 22 inch board or circle.
Be careful to keep the drive belt free of oil and grease.
otherwise, you'll have to spend a few minutes to either attach a suitable spring clip somewhere on the press head or fit the key to a length of light chain and fasten to the bottom of the motor mount so that the key is out of the way when not in use.
Too light a feed, particularly with metal or other hard material, causes overheating of the tool and burning of the cutting edge.
When drilling all the way through a workpiece, always place a piece of scrap wood underneath.
The first bridge known to have been covered wholly or in part, -- and perhaps the most interesting one, connected Newbury (now Newburyport) with Salisbury Point.
This two-part bridge is best described by Rev. Timothy Dwight, president of Yale College, in his "Travels In New-England And New-York", published in New Haven in 1821.
It is hardly necessary to remind students of covered bridges that Timothy Palmer was born in 1751 in nearby Rowley;
between the north shore of Deer Island and the Salisbury side there was an arch of 113 feet and a series of piers with a draw forty feet long.
This was built by John Templeman from plans submitted by James Finley of Fayette County, Pennsylvania.
This chain bridge proved less durable than the wooden arch on the Salisbury end.
The bridge has survived the natural hazards of the elements, war, fire, and floods, as well as injuries incident to heavy traffic, for more than a hundred years.
During the war it was in constant use by the wagon trains transporting supplies from the railhead at Grafton to the troops operating in the interior.
It is a good eight years now since each of us acquired a swimming pool -- eight enlightening, vigorous, rigorous, not wholly unrewarding years.
One of us has a pool set in a wooded area very near the house.
It may be a big hole in the ground filled with salt hay, or an ice floe studded with logs.
Eight years ago while we were going through the mud-sweat-and-tears construction period, we were each solaced by the vision of early morning dips and evening home-comings to a cool family collected around the pool with a buffet table laid out nearby for the lord and master's delectation.
Our book of etiquette
No young children may come without adults except for a specific, organized, chaperoned party.
All dressing (undressing to be more exact) must be done in our small bath house or at the swimmers'homes.
And divers must be enjoined to look before they leap, either on top of someone else or onto a pool edge.
Even so, every pool owner, in case of emergency, should have some idea of what makes things work.
You should firmly insist that no bobby pins or hair pins be worn in the water.
If your pool is located on or near sloping ground, it may have natural drainage which is certainly more desirable than to be faced with the annual expense and labor of first pumping out the water and then scooping out all the debris.
Fortunately, it is the FHA which has arrived at this conclusion, for it means that cooling equipment of all kinds may now be included in a mortgage, and thus acquired with a minimum of financial stress.
We know, too, that health is never harmed by summer cooling.
When you're less fatigued, things just naturally look brighter.
It can go in out-of-the-way waste space.
From the coil small copper pipes connect to a weatherproof refrigeration section set in the yard, garage, carport, or basement.
These systems are more expensive than year-'round forced air systems.
One of the more remarkable of the new cooling systems is one that can be switched to heating.
Families with children usually don't want the house quite so cool.
By accepted definition, a 1-ton conditioner will provide 12,000 BTU of cooling in one hour.
Before it cycles on again, humidity can build up and make you uncomfortable even though the temperature is still low.
Drawn blinds and draperies do some good, but not nearly as much as shading devices on the outside of the house.
Insulate, weatherstrip, double-glaze to the maximum.
Avoid attic placement directly above a bedroom.
In recent years many counties and the U. S. Forest Service have taken aerial photos which show features in detail and are very good for planning use.
How much study is required?
How useful will it be to the public?
An area on the coast may have relaxing views of the surf rolling in on a beach.
The quantity of water flow may be critical;
A group of native trees or plants which are outstanding in a particular county can be featured at the site.
Those which tell a story of the earth's formation in each area can add geological interest to the recreation sites.
Acreage in excess of the minimum is good practice as recreation areas are never too large for the future and it is often more economical to operate one large area than several small ones.
-- Topography is very important.
-- The existing plant growth calls for thorough checking.
Sometimes, you have a choice of exposure for sites where the topography or trees of the area will provide afternoon shade, morning sun, or whatever may be most desirable for the use intended.
to the Neo-Classicists, it was a challenge to the pre-war world.
I remember Ernest Bloch in the foyer, shouting in his high-pitched voice: "it may be a tour de force, mais mon Dieu, can anyone take this music seriously"?
Nevertheless, Prokofieff was much influenced by Paris during the Twenties: the Paris which was the artistic center of the Western World -- the social Paris to which Russian aristocracy migrated -- the chic Paris which attracted the tourist dollars of rich America -- the avant-garde Paris of Diaghileff, Stravinsky, Koussevitzky, Cocteau, Picasso -- the laissez-faire Paris of Dadaism and ultramodern art -- the Paris sympathique which took young composers to her bosom with such quick and easy enthusiasms.
Here, this happy, roving son of good fortune proved that he could accept the disciplines of a new social-economic order fighting for its very existence and ideals in a truculent world.
And with what resource did Prokofieff back up his Credo of words -- with torrents of powerful music.
His sense for rhythmic variety and timing is impeccable.
So Prokofieff was able to cultivate his musical talents and harvest a rich reward from them.
Because of the authentic homogeneity of his early Nationalistic materials, and his flair for orchestrations -- his brilliant Petruchka, his savage Sacre Du Printemps, his incisive Les Noces -- the world kept hoping that he could recapture the historical direction for which his native talents were predisposed.
How differently Prokofieff's life unfolded.
broadcastings;
Roy Mason is essentially a landscape painter whose style and direction has a kinship with the English watercolorists of the early nineteenth century, especially the beautifully patterned art of John Sell Cotman.
After more years of concentrated effort, Roy and his brother Max finally established a thriving family business at the old stand.
What I have observed time and time again is a process of integration, integration that begins as abstract design and gradually takes on recognizable form;
If a human figure or wild life are to be part of the projected final picture, I try to place them in the initial sketch.
When this occurs, I make the change on the sketch or on the final watercolor -- if I have been working on a full sheet in the field.
In my studio I work at a tilt-top table, but leave the paper unfixed so that I can move it freely to control the washes.
and a very large, flat wash brush.
When painting, Mason's physical eyes are half-closed, while his mind's eye is wide open, and this circumstance accounts in part for the impression he wishes to convey.
And how very often a water plane is featured in his landscapes, and how appropriate that he should appear in American Artist again, in his natal month of March!
They were better trained, better looking, better built, better disciplined and something else -- they were better dancers.
The apparatus used by gymnasts was once a common sight in American gyms, but about 1930 it was dropped in favor of games.
The American is very lucky if he has three.
Russia's young gymnasts have studied dance before having the rigorous training on apparatus.
There should be youngsters who know how to do a headstand, and also how to help other children learn it.
The chinning bar
Keeping the hands in the starting position, run in place to a quick rhythm.
Start by falling forward to a point close to the feet, and, as strength improves, fall farther and farther out.
Drop both hands to the floor and at the same time kick the right foot up in back.
Backbends
Have the class lie prone.
For most small children, learning a forward roll is simply a matter of copying another child who can.
Even if gymnastics are not the ultimate goal, the good tumbler will be a better dancer, a better athlete, and a human being with a greater margin of safety in any activity.
Electronics has been applied to medicine for many years in the form of such familiar equipment as the x-ray machine, the electrocardiograph, and the diathermy machine.
By combining the talents of a medical man, Dr. Aterman, a biophysicist, Mr. Berkely, and an electronics expert, Dr. Zworykin, this novel technique has been developed which promises to open broad avenues to understanding life processes.
Three separate amplifiers then drive a 21-inch tricolor tube.
In the lower center rack an 8-channel recorder indicates the percentage of carbon dioxide and nitrogen from the upper and lower lobes of one lung, the total volume of inhalation per breath, the flow of air from both lobes, and the pressure of the two lobes with respect to each other.
The travel time of sound in tissue is about 1500 meters per second;
A simplified version of the instrumentation for this procedure is shown in Fig. 2.
The energy received by the "pill" causes the resonant circuit to "ring" on after the burst and this "ringing" takes place at the resonant frequency of the "pill".
Bones and cartilage transmit poorly and tend to reflect the ultrasonic signals.
The total picture is only seen by the camera which integrates the many sector scans over the entire 90-degree rotation period.
his wife taught the two boys to read and write Danish.
While Hans devoted himself to the sciences of medicine, physics, and astronomy, his brother studied law.
Ferment of scientific activity
With Ritter he was exposed to the fantastic profusion of ideas that stormed through his host's fertile but disorganized mind.
However, he continued experimenting and lecturing, publishing the results of his experiments in German and Danish periodicals.
The university was the only one in Denmark and the status of professor represented the upper social level.
The form of galvanic activity is halfway between the magnetic form and the electrical form.
He continued as a popular lecturer.
Beccaria had almost stumbled on a lead to the relationship between electricity and magnetism when a discharge from a Leyden jar was sent transversally through a piece of watch-spring steel making its ends magnetic.
This article assumes that the rations you are feeding your beef, dairy cattle, and sheep are adequately balanced with protein, vitamins, and minerals.
-- To increase rate of gain and improve feed efficiency, feed 75 milligrams per head in daily supplement.
For the prevention or treatment of the early stages of shipping fever complex, increase feeding level to 0.5 to 2 grams per head per day.
How to feed: beef
For cows, feed providing an intake of 0.1 milligram of Aureomycin per pound of body weight daily aids in the reduction of bacterial diarrhea, in the prevention of foot rot, and in the reduction of losses due to respiratory infection (infectious rhinotracheitis -- shipping fever complex).
Feeder cattle
How to feed: beef cattle
Caution:
What it does:
) what it does:
Drug is added to either a protein or mineral supplement for a period of 7 or 14 days.
For treatment of bloat, drug is fed at a higher level.
Treat lambs with 12 grams per head for lambs weighing up to 50 pounds;
Aids in reducing the incidence and severity of bloat in beef or dairy cattle on legume pasture.
Drug's chemical name:
How to feed:
Drug's chemical name:
(3) Special bunks -- as discussed here, they permit cattle to eat from all sides.
Filling these bunks by the same self-unloading wagons used to fill silos spreads cost of the wagons over more time and operations.
Problems in the market
Increased customer sophistication.
Too often it is thought of at the last moment of new product introduction.
Geographic shift of customers.
Problems in marketing methods
It has multiple implications and possible headaches for your marketing program.
The use of bulk handling is continuously growing.
Higher costs of advertising and promotion.
On the other hand, the process of obsoleting an old product and introducing the new one is usually mighty expensive.
Problems in marketing management
With the growing complexity of markets and intensity of competition, sales management, whether at the district, region or headquarters level, is a tough job today -- and it will be tougher in the future.
With greater investments in plant facilities, with automation growing, you can't switch around, either in volume or in product design, as much as was formerly possible -- or at least not as economically.
Ordinary politeness may have militated against this opinion being stated so badly but anyone with a wide acquaintance in both groups and who has sat through the many round tables, workshops or panel discussions -- whatever they are called -- on this subject will recognize that the final, boiled down crux of the matter is education.
Obviously, the four year provision limits this to fundamentals and much desirable material must be eliminated.
The interior designer, then, must first be an artist but also understand carpentry and painting and lighting and plumbing and finance.
It is possible, of course, to work on extant or projected buildings where either architect or owner will explain their necessities so that the student may get "the feel" of real interior design demands.
Here, too, the reality of actual furniture must be experienced.
That is in the continuance of the "grandfather clauses" in their membership requirements.
The local decorator who rushes in for a few hours of teaching may but more likely may not have these qualifications.
The matter of sympathy of the academic professors for art objectives also must be taken into account.
This brings us to the question of accreditation of art schools in general.
What effort do you make to assess results of your program?
When negotiating with your union, do you make sure employees have a choice between new benefits and their cents-per-hour cost in wages.
Do you protect your holiday privileges with an attendance requirement both before and after the holiday?
Are there possibilities of having cafeteria help work part-time on custodial or other jobs?
Could an employee's garden club take over partial care of plant grounds?
If you use company transportation to meet trains or to haul visitors, would taxis be cheaper?
Is an arbitrary retirement age of 65 actually costing your plant money?
If you have an annual or regular physical examination program, is it worth what it is costing you?
Above all, don't set up extravagant fringe benefits just to buy employee good will.
Hallmark Cards, Inc., Kansas City, Mo., has a do-it-yourself quiz game called "Benefit Bafflers", which it distributes to employees.
Also, beware of open-end policies, especially in the medical field.
Vending machines can alleviate the long hike to the cafeteria during the break with resulting waste of production time.
Choose carefully between contributory or non-contributory pension plans.
It's usually not too hard to sell workers on this as it gives them longer holiday periods.
You'll take the rap.
Modern times have changed the world beyond recognition.
Unlimited game bags are possible and legal in more than 40 states, on shooting preserves (one of the newer phases of modern game-management) for five and six months each year.
But with the exception of professional athletes, few contact sports and physical education activities in our schools have any carryover in the adult life of the average American man or woman.
J. L. Hudson, Detroit;
We trust that you, as a gun and ammunition dealer, have benefited through additional sales of equipment.
Moving around camp we saw all kinds of camp stoves, lanterns, coolers, bedding, games, fishing tackle, windbreaks and sunshades.
I've heard 10 million mentioned often, but I'm more inclined to think there may be a total of some five to seven million families camping.
They bring their families and tents and camp kitchens and bedding.
The American Automobile Association, computing the cost for two people to vacation by automobile, comes up with an average daily expenditure figure of $29.
They're not.
Neither are shelters, because there is one to meet the needs of every camper or prospective camper.
The remedies have been many and varied -- attempts to teach management techniques -- either in plant, at special schools, or in university "crash" courses -- provision of management-trained assistants or associates.
He is usually conscious of the social pressures at home and outside;
First: what title, what setup?
Harold E. Strang, expert in switchgear design, for a long period vp & gm of the Measurements & Industrial Products Division, and who currently, approaching retirement, is vice-president and consulting engineer in the Switchgear & Control Division.
Many companies have systems, particularly in R & D, which work more or less well, depending upon size and actual belief in the policy on the part of administration, as will be abundantly apparent in subsequent quotations.
This reflects the very heavy engineering content of the products -- which are not military.
"We do not have people in our organization termed'consultants'or'fellows', who are specialists in one particular technical subject.
The latter jobs include major management responsibilities and have been filled by those who have come up primarily through the engineering-management side.
and although we have attempted to provide these status symbols, support of the'dual-ladder'plan has been half-hearted despite the creation of a salary potential for a research scientist commensurate with that of men in top managerial positions.
"We have made limited application of the'parallel ladder'plan.
This function is staffed by engineers chosen for their technical competence and who have the title, member of the technical staff.
Fundamental to the difficulty of creating the desired prestige is the fact that, in the business community, prestige and status are conferred in proportion to the authority that one man has over others and the extent of which he participates in the management functions".
Not a year goes by but what several local companies in the U.S. and Canada, even overseas, write to Fueloil & Oil Heat to inquire if it's feasible and where it is being done.
The earlier New Haven development was public housing, so it easily leaped over the problems met in a private venture.
This first test is being leased for ten years but future projects will require at least 15 years.
Initial considerations
They are laid a minimum of 24" deep and in some areas four feet down, particularly under roads, to stay clear of all other piping such as water and sewers and to minimize shocks from heavy trucking.
What does Tri-State actually want to do, now that it has the meters under franchise and certain phases of its piping system in the "patent applied for" stage?
A primary ingredient in these fields is imagination, and Tri-State Pipeline Corporation deserves a very good mark.
Then fill the system and add a rust inhibitor.
Take precautions now, to be sure you avoid those unpleasant and costly heat breakdowns when the temperature zooms this summer.
First go over the type of coverage you now have.
This means either cars or trucks.
There is much that many industries can continue to learn from some of the more recent developments described below.
From the volume standpoint, the total market represented by the sign industry is impressive.
Shipping cost is also reduced;
Plastic signs work around the clock.
)
A relative newcomer in outdoor signs is Mylar polyester film, now used as a printed overlay for trans-illuminated signs (see below).
The copy itself, including any text or illustrations, is reproduced in full color directly on a thin Mylar polyester film by a photo screen process.
they can also be applied to opaque panels for use on cutouts, or they can be applied directly to painted bulletin faces.
The huge market for changeable signs has spurred a universal demand for individual plastic letters, in all shapes and sizes -- and a number of companies are set up to supply them.
For mounting to corrugated plastic backgrounds, very small holes may be drilled in the sides of the letters and stainless steel wire threaded through the openings, its ends twisted behind the panels.
On large-area units, where additional structural requirements are imposed, one recent approach utilizes modular extruded or formed channels (e.g. right-angled corrugations) of the acrylic or butyrate.
It's a lot quicker and easier to dimension the kitchen to fit the cabinets and erect the end wall after they are all in place.
Don't close in your house until everything has been carried in.
It makes materials handling the only construction cost that (like earthmoving and roadbuilding) should be lower today than in 1929.
Not so long ago many builders were finding they could cut their costs by "buying direct" and short-cutting the dealer.
only one builder in a thousand is equipped to receive unit loads.
Practically all bulky housing products can now be ordered in standard units palletized or unitized for mechanical handling -- including lumber, asphalt shingles, glass block, face brick, plaster, lime, hardboard, gypsum wallboard and sheathing, cement, insulation sheathing, floor tile, acoustical tile, plaster base, and asbestos shingles.
5.
This costs from $.75 to $2.30/mbf, but the cover can pay off if the lumber is to be stored in the open.
New rule no. 4:
One good way to cut your labor waste is to make sure you are using just the right number of men in each crew.
Green lumber was all very well back in the days of wet plaster, when the framing lumber was bound to swell and then shrink as tons of water dried out the gypsum.
The champagne at Troyes, the traditional capital of the champagne country, has more ambrosial taste somehow than it has at a sidewalk cafe on the Rue de la Paix or at Tour D'Argent.
It is that elemental.
A valid American driving license is accepted in all countries except Portugal, Spain, Yugoslavia and Eastern Europe.
It is well to bear in mind that gasoline will cost from $.80 to $.90 for the equivalent of a United States gallon and while you might prefer a familiar Ford, Chevrolet or even a Cadillac, which are available in some countries, it is probably wiser to choose the smaller European makes which average thirty, thirty-five and even forty miles to the gallon.
If you would like to start your tour in Italy, where the rental fees are actually the lowest in Europe, Fiats in all sizes are available, as are Alfa Romeo Giulietta models.
The actual over-all cost, for the first month, will perhaps not be too much lower than the rental charges for the same period of time, but you will receive a new car.
The way is to rent a chauffeur-driven car.
In American romance, almost nothing rates higher than what the movie men have called "meeting cute" -- that is, boy-meets-girl seems more adorable if it doesn't take place in an atmosphere of correct and acute boredom.
To her peanuts and emeralds would have been just so much blubber.
In the early 1950's, Smith, together with his distinguished colleague, George Trager (so austerely academic he sometimes fights his own evident charm), and a third man with the engaging name of Birdwhistell (Ray), agreed on some basic premises about the three-part process that makes communication: (1) words or language (2) paralanguage, a set of phenomena including laughing, weeping, voice breaks, and "tone" of voice, and (3) kinesics, the technical name for gestures, facial expressions, and body shifts -- nodding or shaking the head, "talking" with one's hands, et cetera.
With this seven-word sentence -- though the speaker undoubtedly thought he was dealing only with the subject of food -- he was telling things about himself and, in the last two examples, revealing that he had departed from the customs of his culture.
Interpretation, naturally, remains the role of the therapist, but orientation -- not only the patient's vocal giveaways of geographical and socio-economic background, but also vocal but non-verbal giveaways of danger spots in his relationship to people -- can be considerably beefed up by the linguist.
Within the first five minutes of this interview it is apparent to the therapist that "everybody" truthfully refers to the woman's husband.
almost everyone, on first hearing one of his own sessions on tape, expressed some desire to take the whole thing over again.
When someone says, for example, "They took x-rays to see that there was nothing wrong with me", it pays to consider how this statement would normally be made.
For in a world as yet unacquainted with the horrors of the mushroom cloud, poison gas was still regarded as the ultimate in hideous weapons.
This country has not used them, and I hope that we never will be compelled to use them.
No one else must know.
They're just waiting for the proper time to come over here and dump this place into the Adriatic".
The radar station with the best location was still not serviceable.
Vesole had been stunned.
Bari was asking for it, he thought.
The other half of the crew, plus Beckstrom and his men, had remained aboard.
Musmanno was on deck.
It was not candy wrapping.
And they also had the lights of the city, the port wall lanterns, and a shore crane's spotlight to guide on.
Vesole rushed from gun to gun, attempting to direct fire.
This experience will have happened to many of you.
At that moment Kipling was overwhelmed with awed amazement, suddenly recalling that these identical details of scene, action and word had occurred to him in a dream six weeks earlier.
The question becomes, "What is a dream"?
Dreams that display events of the future with photographic detail call for a theory explaining their basic mystery and all its components, including that weird feeling of deja vue, inevitably fantastic though that theory must seem.
This theory makes it possible for any event throughout eternity to be continuously available at any moment to consciousness.
Dr. H. V. Hilprecht, Professor of Assyrian at the University of Pennsylvania, dreamed that a Babylonian priest, associated with the king Kurigalzu, (1300 B.C.) escorted him to the treasure chamber of the temple of Bel, gave him six novel points of information about a certain broken relic, and corrected an error in its identification.
The degree of circumstance, the ratio of memory to forgetfulness, determines whether a dream will be a recognized, fulfilled prevision, or the vaguely, effective source of the weird deja vue feeling.
He remembered exactly when he had lived through it before, and he had something to prove he had.
The Director, Walter E. Clark, believes that a school with children living full time in its care must take full responsibility for their welfare.
"Louis Bromfield's writings excited me as a conservationist".
To demonstrate the soil of his vegetable gardens as it is today, Mr. Clark stooped to scoop up a handful of rich dark earth.
New ideas for improving nutrition came with the study of soil treatment.
Today whole grains are freshly ground every day and baked into bread.
"Lillian's bread is so good and everything tastes so much better here that it is hard not to eat too much", said the secretary ruefully eyeing her extra pounds.
Where can we get this cereal he likes so much"?
Lots of cheese made from June grass milk is served.
Sometimes the solution comes in unexpected ways.
The cooking conserves a maximum of the vitamin C content of vegetables by methods which use very little water and cook in the shortest time possible.
Parents are asked in the bulletin to send packages of treats consisting of fruit and nuts, but no candy.
Rugged outdoor exercise for an hour and a half every day in all kinds of weather was the rule.
He thought.
But what came in was piling up.
Though the makeshift airports were ready, the York State Guard flyers proved unable to keep any kind of mail schedule.
The ship was a Waco biplane, one of the first two of its type to be fitted with the air cooled, 225/hp Wright radial engine known as the Whirlwind.
And besides you seem to make it all right here".
Each trip saw the front cockpit filled higher with mail pouches.
Shaw could also give the flyer a pretty good idea of area visibility by a visual check of the mountains to be seen from his station.
When driving rain or mist socked in one valley, Fogg would chandelle up and over to reverse course and try another one, ranging from the Ottauquechee up to Danville in search of safe passage through the mountain passes.
At Fort Ethan Allen the ever-present wind off Lake Champlain could readily flip a puny man-made thing like an airplane if the pilot miscalculated.
Somehow we old-timers never figured we would ever retire.
But!
Are you one of these?
your livelihood.
This is followed by a boom in conferences.
Well, to get back to the problem of retirement.
The question is "How are you going to live with it"?
Believe me!
Anyway, I'll bet you have a lot of fun.
Not for me, but perhaps just the thing for you.
Outside of cutting your fingers, maybe you would come up with nothing at all, but then again, you might turn out some dandy little gadgets.
If you do decide to write, you will soon become acquainted with rejection slips and dejection.
True!
So in closing, fellow retired members, I advise you to make the most of each day, enjoy each one to the n'th degree.
We are creative, it seems, when we produce something which has not previously existed.
In fact all of our civilized world is the resultant of man's projection of his imagination over the past 60 centuries or more.
Sir Julian Huxley in his book Uniqueness Of Man makes the novel point that just as man is unique in being the only animal which requires a long period of infancy and childhood under family protection, so is he the only animal who has a long period after the decline of his procreativity.
First intercourse for the bride brings with it the various problems connected with virginity and the hymen.
But there is a basis in fact for the exaggerations of the folk-lore beliefs.
As a natural outgrowth of this approach it was often suggested that the doctor should complete the preparation for painless intercourse by dilating the vagina.
In this process the vaginal muscles come under better conscious control by the girl.
Extensive observations by physicians during vaginal examinations have established the fact that a single finger inserted along the anterior wall (the top line of the vagina as the woman lies on her back) may cause a great deal of distress in a virgin.
Such talk is seriously in error.
The best course is to recover his physical excitement by a change of pace that makes him ardent again.
Writing in a large volume on the nude in painting and sculptures, titled The Nude: A Study In Ideal Form, Kenneth Clark declares: "The human body, as a nucleus, is rich in associations.
One is always a little surprised to bump into such individual distinctions when it is unexpected.
But today there are signs that these roles are being reversed.
To many experts, this trend was inevitable.
And she begins to regard him as savage, bestial and unworthy.
More typical is the case of a suburban Long Island housewife described by a marriage counselor.
The husband is usually a well-educated professional, preoccupied with his job -- often an organization man whose motto for getting ahead is: "Don't rock the boat".
No one seriously contends, of course, that the domineering wife is, sexually speaking, a new character in our world.
Society here and abroad has been built around the dominating male -- even the Bible appears to endorse the concept.
Virtually everyone agrees, however, that the trend toward female sexual aggressiveness was tremendously accelerated with the postwar rush to the suburbs.
In fact, the noted psychologist and sex researcher, Dr. Albert Ellis, has declared flatly that women are "sexually superior" to men.
In some cases, however, domination of the sex act by one partner can be temporary, triggered by a passing but urgent emotional need.
And just as domination today often begins with the wife, so the cure generally must lie with the husband.
She was still in the play for pay business when she died, a top trollop who had given the world's oldest profession one of its rare flashes of glamour.
"This girl is the Golden Girl of cafe society.
Diane sobbingly denied this to the court.
She had talked her "boy friend" into sending her to New York to take a screen test.
I'd like to see you dance nude".
In an anonymous interview with a French newspaper the financier told of spending several months with her.
It was a rugged finish for what must have been a very interesting night.
"We are Americans".
She had a hard time making him understand that it was Farouk she wished to meet.
They also called upon Diane with a request for a look at her passport.
She later divorced Graham, who is believed to have moved to Bolivia.
The blonde's nude body was in bed, a green sheet and a pink blanket covered her.
We cater mostly to nice people in the $5-8,000 annual income bracket and we run a string of snazzy, neon-lit, chromium-plated suburban stores.
She had -- he informed her -- kidney trouble, liver trouble, and a severe female disorder.
This machine will cure your cancer-ridden body".
Lee renewed his pressure on Mrs. Shaefer to buy his machine when she visited him the next day.
The sentence: 360 days'confinement in the county jail.
The medical device pirate of today, of course, is a far more sophisticated operator than his predecessor of yesteryear -- the gallus-snapping hawker of snake oil and other patent medicines.
Similarly, the American Cancer Society (ACS), the Arthritis and Rheumatism Foundation, and the BBB have each stated lately that medical quackery is at a new high.
She suffered a nervous breakdown and had to be institutionalized.
In such diseases as cancer, tuberculosis, and heart disease, early diagnosis and treatment are so vital that the waste of time by the patient with Doctor Fraud's cure-all gadget can prove fatal.
Inevitably, Mrs. Hull died of starvation and tuberculosis, weighing 60 pounds.
Have no doubt about it.
His grades had gone steadily downhill, and he had stopped bringing friends and classmates home from school.
Why and when should tooth-straightening be undertaken?
Crooked, overlapping, twisted, or widely spaced teeth.
but after that, if thumb-sucking pressure is frequent, it will have an effect.
This serious condition, popularly known as pyorrhea, is one of the chief causes of tooth loss in adults.
they are not anchored directly to the bone.
During the first few days of wearing the appliance and immediately following each adjustment, Susan may have a slight discomfort or soreness, but after a short time this will disappear.
Then comes the time when the last wire is removed and Susie walks out a healthier and more attractive girl than when she first went to the orthodontist.
To become an orthodontist, a man must first be licensed by his state as a dentist, then he must spend at least two years in additional training to acquire a license as a specialist.
Dr. Brodie has 30-year records of head growth, started 20 minutes after children's births.
"Nature often takes care of the problem", says Dr. Brodie.
"After your child's baby teeth are all in -- usually at the age of two and one half to three -- it's time for that first dental appointment", Dr. Brodie advises.
Another medium, another sitter, would produce a somewhat different content, but in general it would probably sound much like the foregoing reading.
Many a sitter (in a personal sitting) has been amazed to realize that the medium was describing very vividly his state of mind.
The possibility has to be ruled out that the medium's ESP may tap the memory of the sitter, and to do this, the two central characters in this drama must be separated.
It is now harder to assume telepathy as a basis for the statements -- though research still does not know how far afield ESP can range.
To get around this quite difficult corner, there is one first aid to objectiveness: prevent the distant sitter from knowing which reading was for him.
that fewer women are named Miranda than Elizabeth;
He is required to mark every item and to indicate which reading he feels is actually his.
Mediumistic impressions are evidently of all sorts and seem to involve all the senses.
Of course, there is an element of training here: these gifted people, by concentration, study, guidance, have learned to develop their power.
Though they are often heard clairaudiently, as if a voice were speaking them, in other cases they are apprehended visually as symbols: a slope to signify the name "Hill", for instance.
Hard physical labor and undesirable hours are a part of life.
Land within commuting distance of a growing city is usually high in price, higher if it has subdivision possibilities.
If it is owned, taxes must be paid, and if the place is not free of mortgage, there will be interest and payments on the principal to take care of.
The savings are not as great, however, as is sometime supposed.
Specific requirements for each of various types of enterprises are discussed on pages 8 to 14.
Sometimes a desired acreage is offered only as part of a larger tract.
If you are going to produce for home use only, you will need only hand tools.
Before you look for a farm you'll need to know (1) the kind and scale of farming you want to undertake;
The presence of alternative job opportunities also will make the place easier to sell if that should become desirable.
Few rural areas are protected by zoning.
A pond may provide adequate water for livestock and garden.
How much will it cost to do any necessary modernizing and redecorating?
To do this, set up a plan on paper for operating the farm.
Everyone with a personal or group tragedy to relate had to be given his day in court as in some vast collective dirge.
Interruptions came largely from the bench, which numerous times rebuked the Attorney General for letting his witnesses run on, though it, too, made no serious effort to choke off the flow.
"It is not an individual that is in the dock at this historical trial" -- said Ben Gurion, "and not the Nazi regime alone -- but anti-Semitism throughout history".
but he believed in the Jew-as-enemy in a kind of abstract, theological way, like a member of a cult speculating on the nature of things.
Heydrich, in opening the Conference, followed the reasoning and even the phraseology of the order issued earlier by Goering which authorized the Final Solution as "a complement to" previous "solutions" for eliminating the Jews from German living space through violence, economic strangulation, forced emigration, and evacuation.
The Prosecutor in his opening remarks did refer to "the germ of anti-Semitism" among the Germans which Hitler "stimulated and transformed".
The Trial should have asked the nations.
In Poughkeepsie, N.Y., in 1952, a Roman Catholic hospital presented seven Protestant physicians with an ultimatum to quit the Planned Parenthood Federation or to resign from the hospital staff.
It has erupted on the national level in the matter of including birth-control information and material in foreign aid to underdeveloped countries.
Pope Pius 12, declared in 1951 that it is possible to be exempt from the normal obligation of parenthood for a long time and even for the whole duration of married life, if there are serious reasons, such as those often mentioned in the so-called medical, eugenic, economic and social "indications".
The grounds for the Church's position are Scriptural (Old Testament), the teachings of the fathers and doctors of the early Church, the unbroken tradition of nineteen centuries, the decisions of the highest ecclesiastical authority and the natural law.
It is because each side has sought to implement its distinctive theological belief through legislation and thus indirectly force its belief, or at least the practical consequences thereof, upon others.
That experience holds a lesson for us all in regard to birth control today.
In 1930, the Lambeth Conference again affirmed the primary purpose of marriage to be the procreation of children, but conceded that, in certain limited circumstances, contraception might be morally legitimate.
It called for opposition to laws and institutional practices restricting the information or availability of contraceptives.
Only confusion, failure and anarchy result when the effort is made to impose upon the civil authority the impossible task of policing private homes to preclude the possibility of sin.
These questions have remained one of the great sea mysteries of all time.
The sailing in the spring of 1610 was Hudson's fourth in four years.
By springtime, he was supported by a rich merchant syndicate under the patronage of Henry, Prince of Wales.
)
The mate, Robert Juet, who had kept the journal on the Half Moon, was experienced -- but he was a bitter old man, ready to complain or desert at any opportunity.
Hudson's first error of the fourth voyage occurred only a few miles down the Thames.
With difficulty, Hudson persuaded him to rejoin the ship, and they sailed from Iceland.
The great, crushing ice masses coming into view made him sound like the voice of pure reason.
Hudson was free to sail on.
This must have been Hudson's blackest discovery.
The trial was held September 10.
As Hudson resumed his desperate criss-crossing of the little bay, every incident lessened the crew's respect for him.
Seven hundred miles south of York Factory, at "the Forks" of the Red and the Assiniboine, twenty-three men located a settlement in August 1812.
The Selkirk settlers had been anticipated in their move southward by British fur traders.
During the trip Selkirk decided that the route through Illinois territory to Indiana and the eastern United States was the best route for goods from England to reach Red River and that the United States was a better source of supply for many goods than either Canada or England.
Nevertheless so short was the supply of seed that the settlers were forced to retreat to Fort Daer for food.
Early in 1822 he was at Fort Garry offering to bring in pork, flour, liquor and tobacco.
After heavy rains and an onslaught of mice, snow fell on October 15, 1825, and remained on the ground through a winter so cold that the ice on the Red was five feet thick.
Accordingly, though the practice violated the no-trading provision of the Selkirk charter which reserved all such activity in merchandise and furs to the Hudson's Bay Company, some settlers went into trade.
Indeed, no richer humor is to be found in the whole of American literature than in the letters of the semi-literate men who wore the blue and the gray.
A Yankee sergeant gave the following description of his sweetheart: "my girl is none of your one-horse girls.
Another Yank parodied the familiar bedtime prayer: "now I lay me down to sleep, the gray-backs o'er my body creep;
A Michigan soldier stationed in Georgia wrote in 1864:
In the South, after the first year of the war, paper and ink were very poor.
But fathers often addressed communications to their small children;
An Alabama soldier whose feminine associations were of the more admirable type wrote boastfully of his achievements among the Virginia belles: "they thout I was a saint.
A Federal infantryman wrote to his father shortly after his first skirmish in Virginia: "dear Pa.
His head cannot contain enough sense to command a regiment, much less a corps.
One Federal soldier wrote: "the docters is no aconte -- hell will be filde with do(c)ters and offersey when this war is over".
The popularity of folklore in America stands in direct proportion to the popularity of nationalism in America.
Nor is it an accident that baseball, growing into the national game in the last 75 years, has become a microcosm of American life, that learned societies such as the American Folklore Society and the American Historical Association were founded in the 1880s, or that courses in American literature, American civilization, American anything have swept our school and college curricula.
Parson Weems's George Washington became the symbol of honesty and the father image of the uniting States.
Though it may exist in either literate or illiterate societies, it assumes a role of true cultural importance only in the latter.
Unfortunately, few of the artists (writers, movie producers, dramatists and musicians) who have used American folklore since 1900 have known enough to distinguish between the two streams even in the most general of ways.
Folklore is his hobby, and he, all too rightly, wishes it to remain as such.
His standards are, of course, completely foreign to those of the analyst.
If one wishes to discuss a literary figure who uses folklore in his work, the first thing he must realize is that the literary figure is probably part of this ignorant American public.
This has not, however, prevented publishers from labeling him a "folk poet", simply because he is a rural one.
O'Banion was a complex and frightening man, whose bright blue eyes stared with a kind of frozen candour into others'.
He walked with a heavy list to the right, as that leg was four inches shorter than the other, but the lurch did not reduce his feline quickness with his guns.
He then got a job with the Chicago Herald-Examiner as a circulation slugger, a rough fighter employed to see that his paper's news pitches were not trespassed upon by rival vendors.
He conducted it with less diplomacy and more spontaneous violence than the Sicilians, but he had his huge North Side portion to exploit and he made a great deal of money.
It was an interesting fraternisation of ex-convicts, union racketeers, ward heelers, sold-out officials, and gunmen.
Pasley continued: "They became an institution of the Chicago scene and marked the way to the moral and financial collapse of the municipal and county governments in 1928-29".
At the end of the performance, Dave and Max came out into the brilliantly lit foyer among a surge of gowned and tuxedoed first nighters.
Why, I can get them knocked off for half that much".
once again O'Banion's brash recklessness had caused a proliferation of ill will.
it raced across the Pacific at 300 miles an hour, devastated the coasts of Java and Sumatra with waves 100 to 130 feet high, and pounded the shore as far away as San Francisco.
In 1707 an earthquake in Japan generated waves so huge that they piled into the Inland Sea;
In the deep waters of the Pacific these waves reach a speed of 500 miles per hour.
This is followed by a tremendous suck of water away from the shore as the first great trough arrives.
Usually the third to the eighth waves in the series are the biggest.
During a 1933 tsunami in Japan the sea glowed brilliantly at night.
This in turn sets off an alarm, notifying the observers at the station that a tsunami is in progress.
At 17:07 that afternoon (Greenwich time) the shock was recorded by the seismograph alarm in Honolulu.
The key to the world of geology is change;
The role of an earthquake in starting the destruction of whole cities is tremendously frightening, but fire may actually be the principal agent in a particular disaster.
We have also developed techniques for recognizing and locating underground nuclear tests through the waves in the ground which they generate.
Today a battle cry may seem an anachronism, for in the modern Army, esprit de corps has been sacrificed to organizational charts and tables.
Second, if there is ever a perfect time to pull the rug out from under him, it's on maneuvers.
Further, he had taken full advantage of the Army's correspondence courses.
Maneuvers over, the 7th returned to garrison duty in Tokyo, Captain Chandler still with them.
It was no coincidence that Goulding was one of the most beloved platoon leaders in the regiment.
Just a month after the Korean War broke out, the 7th Cavalry was moving into the lines, ready for combat.
They were followed by crack North Korean troops, who mounted one charge after another.
Burst from his throat.
They found it at the junction between Troops H and G, and prepared to counterattack.
They charged into the enemy like wild men.
The battle of the Naktong River is just one example of how the battle cry and the spirit of The Fighting Seventh have paid off.
He finished the war as a major general, commanding a full division, and at 25 was the youngest major general in the history of the U.S. Army.
This is true for two reasons: because Communism is both doctrinally, and in practice, antithetical to these conditions;
but if granting self-determination to the Algerian rebels entails sweeping that area into the Sino-Soviet orbit, then Algerian freedom must be postponed.
I submit that this is the key problem of international relations, that it always has been, that it always will be.
Overwhelming Russian naval power would always be within a few hundred miles of our coast.
and even then, it is a concept that can be highly misleading.
Here I do not speak of military power where our advantage is obvious and overwhelming but of political power -- of influence, if you will -- about which the relevant questions are: Is Soviet influence throughout the world greater or less than it was ten years ago?
And this may be as far as the process will go.
In the Middle East, Iraq, Syria and Egypt were, a short while ago, in the Western camp.
Only in Europe have our lines remained firm -- and there only on the surface.
we moved decisively to effect an Anti-Communist coup d'etat.
Where was my flashlight?
But what was the story?
How quaint it all seemed the next day.
And now, in March, all Laos suffered a state of siege.
Life must be kept in harmony
Even life in harmony with death.
We rode over roads so rough that our Jeep came to rest atop the soil between ruts, all four wheels spinning uselessly.
Prime minister moves fast
Could we be ready in 15 minutes?
An hour of bouncing, a brief stop in a village to inspect a new school or dispensary.
We send shovels, cement, nails, and corrugated iron for roofs.
In the villages people lined up to give us flowers.
The Prince visited the hospital of Operation Brotherhood, supported by the Junior Chamber of Commerce of the Philippines, and fed rice to two pet elephants he kept at his residence at Pak Song.
Next he addressed himself to our souls.
My interviews with teen-agers confirmed this portrait of the weakening of religious and ethnic bonds.
Another teen-ager remarked: "Most Jews don't believe in God, but they believe in people -- in helping people".
However, they were hostile to Jewish Orthodoxy, professing to believe in Judaism "but in a moderate way".
It appears that an Orthodox girl in the community disrupted plans for an outing sponsored by one of the Jewish service groups because she would not travel on Saturday and, in addition, required kosher food.
It is significant, too, that the older teen-agers I interviewed believed, unlike the younger ones, that Jewish students tend to do better academically than their gentile counterparts.
She is even prone to regard the college girl as immature.
Second, the attitude in Jewish families is far more protective toward the daughter than toward the son.
"You don't have to watch what you say.
Parents will drive on Friday night to pick up their daughters after a sorority or House Plan meeting.
The great world beyond beckons.
These announcements are, in effect, advertisements for themselves as thriving marriage marts.
For galled breasts, the mother should shave into half a cup of fresh unsalted lard enough white chalk to make a paste.
Many people agreed that burns should be treated with bland oily salves or unsalted butter or lard, but one informant told me that a burn should be bathed in salt water;
The results were good, but which treatment helped is still not known.
Or a thin slice of plug tobacco might be laid on the open wound without chewing.
One family bound wounds with bacon or salt pork strips, or, if these were not handy, plain lard.
Old sores could be healed by the constant application of a wash made of equal parts vinegar and water.
not long ago "Denver Mud" was most popular.
Bedbugs were a common pest in pioneer days;
the particle would then move toward the nose, where it could be wiped out with a wisp of cotton.
Another remedy was oil of eucalyptus, used as well for chilblains.
There were many cures for warts.
another said it should be rubbed with a cut potato three times daily.
For sprains and swellings, one pint of cider vinegar and half a pint of spirits of turpentine added to three well beaten eggs was said to give speedy relief.
The Grands Crus are expensive, and even doting palates tire of them.
This is the only valid, and extenuating, argument that may be advanced in defense of the reprehensible attitude of the common wine waiter.
When stacking wine on its side in a bin, care should always be taken to be sure there is no air bubble left next to the cork.
Light, especially daylight, is always bad for wine.
In this way, red wine warms of itself quite rapidly -- and though it is true that it may not attain its potential of taste and fragrance until after the middle of the meal (or the course), in the meantime it will have run the gamut of many beguiling and interesting stages.
The fragrance and taste of any white wine will die a lingering death when it is allowed to warm or is exposed for long to the air.
A tug-of-war between an old bottle and an inefficient corkscrew may do as much harm as a week at sea.
Red wines of good years tend to mature later and to keep longer;
William, who lived in neighboring St. Mary's parish, had taken charge and decided that it would be best for all if the plantation were operated for another year.
Palfrey was determined that his portion of the slaves be converted to wage laborers during the transition period before emancipation.
Of the fifty-two slaves, Giffen succeeded in getting a lot of twenty, twelve of whom were females.
In rejecting any claim to the value of the slave property, Palfrey was giving up close to $7,000.
News of the legislative veto appeared in the New Orleans papers, and Henry and William became incensed by the fact that they had not been told of the attempt in advance.
In New York, Lydia Maria Child welcomed him enthusiastically: "I have lately heard of you from the Legislature of Louisiana, and felt joy at your public recognition of the brotherhood of man".
Palfrey had already made up his mind that he would allow the men, but not the women, to choose freely whether or not to go North for freedom.
In fact, as the time for their departure approached, his solicitousness increased.
Giffen had advised that it would not be too difficult to obtain freedom locally for the old house servants.
Mrs. Child, true to her word, helped place Anna and her four children with a Quaker family named Hathaway near Canandaigua, New York.
The Director of the Peace Corps, R. Sargent Shriver, Jr., a Kennedy brother-in-law, collects heavily among the moderns, including Kenzo Okada and Josef Albers.
The Press Secretary, Pierre Salinger, was a child prodigy as a pianist.
Two men show promise of playing prominent roles:
He provoked outraged editorials when, after a post-Inaugural inspection of the White House with Mrs. Kennedy, he remarked to reporters, "We just cased the joint to see what was there".
The event was so successful that the Interior Secretary plans to serve as impresario for similar ones from time to time, hoping thereby to add to the cultural enrichment of the Administration.
Active warfare is raging between the forces pressing for a monument to the first Roosevelt on Theodore Roosevelt Island in the Potomac, and TR.'s own living children, who wish to preserve the island as a wildlife sanctuary.
She traced it to a storage room.
Secretary and Mrs. Dillon have contributed enough pieces of Empire furniture, including Dolley Madison's own sofa, to furnish a room in that style.
The situation involved some political perils.
Surrounded by ancient elms, the campus is spacious and beautiful.
No one here pokes fun at manly virtues.
Dartmouth students enjoy other unusual diversions with equal sang-froid.
The Dartmouth Skiway, at Holt's Ledge, ten miles north of the campus, has one of the best terrains in the East, ranging from novice to expert.
And on the summit of Mount Washington, where thirty-five degrees below zero is commonplace and the wind velocity has registered higher than anywhere else in the world, there is a kind of wisdom to be found that other men often seek in the Himalayas "because it is there".
A lawyer, hired by the college, was arguing specifically for Dartmouth: Daniel Webster, class of 1801, made her plight the dramatic focus of his whole plea.
A road had to be hacked through trackless forests between Hanover and Portsmouth to permit Governor Wentworth and a company of gentlemen to attend the first Dartmouth commencement in 1771.
Then in 1893 Dr. William Jewett Tucker became president and the college's great awakening began.
It is still a college only and not a university;
However much football has been over-emphasized, the public likes to measure its collegiate favorites by the scoreboard, so, while Yale need never give its record a thought again since outscoring its opponents 694 to 0 in the season of 1888, Dartmouth had to wait until its championship team of 1925 for national recognition.
She would have been taking more than a fair risk of being seen and recognized during her travels.
It was obviously the sound of this argument that caused Lizzie to close her door.
The woman in the house where the niece was staying backed up his story and said she left when he did to shop for her dinner.
Bridget testified she saw him leave through the side door.
He knew the house fairly well, he had been there on two previous visits during the past three or four months alone.
With Lizzie in the barn, the screen door unlocked and Bridget upstairs in her attic room, he would have had free and easy access to the house.
What did Pearson say about Bridget Sullivan as a possible suspect in his trial-book essay?
This officer had asked Lizzie if she suspected her Uncle Morse, and she replied she didn't think he did it because he left the house before the murders and returned after them.
the press reported the same facts in using Harrington's interview, but Lizzie did not suggest at the inquest that Harrington was the killer.
The actions of Bridget should be examined, since she was there and opportunity did exist, if only to establish her innocence.
Her father, James Upton, was the Upton mentioned by Hawthorne in the famous introduction to the Scarlet Letter as one of those who came into the old custom house to do business with him as the surveyor of the port.
and she had an appetite for learning that could not be denied.
Many years later (on August 3, 1915), Lucy Upton wrote Winslow's daughter soon to be graduated from Smith College: "While I love botany which, after dabbling in for years, I studied according to the methods of that day exactly forty years ago in a summer school, it must be fascinating to take up zoology in the way you are doing.
She played chess with him by postcard.
The six expeditions to study eclipses of the sun, of which he was a member, took him to Colorado, Virginia, and California as well as to the South Pacific and to Russia.
After the months in Europe, she returned to Boston and became active in church and community life.
She drew on all her resources of mind and heart to help them -- to make them at home in the world;
In 1890 when the trip to Europe and the Holy Land was arranged for Miss Packard, it was Miss Upton who planned the trip, and "with rare executive ability" bore the brunt of "the entire pilgrimage from beginning to end".
and that the year's work had gone forward smoothly.
and one of $2,000 under the will of Miss Celia L. Brett of Hamilton, New York, a friend from the early days.
Before coming on a visit to Spelman in 1885, Miss Mary had been a successful teacher in Worcester, and her position there was held open for her for a considerable period.
Mary J. Packard, states a Messenger editorial, was "efficient, pains-taking, self-effacing, loving, radiating the spirit of her Master.
In both cases the student attends school half-time and works in a regular job the other half.
He may or may not be "better off" than his classmate who went on to a college and professional school.
Rather we see here another vicious circle.
Second, vocational courses should be provided in grades 11 and 12 and not require more than half the student's time in those years;
These courses develop skills other than those we think of when we use the adjective "academic".
Today many college bound students try to take a course in personal typing, as they feel a certain degree of mastery of this skill is almost essential for one who proposes to do academic work in college and a professional school.
By and large their programs are satisfactorily connected both to the employment situation and to the realities of the apprentice system.
"But isn't it almost impossible to get into the union"?
They were learning trades as diverse as shoe repairing, bricklaying, carpentry, cabinet making, auto mechanics, and airplane mechanics.
We produce peanut oil, but to a much greater extent we eat the entire seed.
More than half of the sorghum and barley seeds we produce and most of the byproducts of the milling of cereals and the crushing of oilseeds are fed to livestock.
Seeds of soybean, cotton, corn, sesame, and rape yield semidrying oils.
Seeds are a main source of starch for industrial and food use in many parts of the world.
Quince seed gum is the main ingredient in wave-setting lotions.
Coconuts, the fruit of the coconut palm, have the largest of all known seeds and are grown in South Pacific islands as a crop for domestic and export markets.
The so-called vegetable ivory is the hard endosperm of the egg-sized seed.
Flaxseed poultices and mustard plasters still are used by some persons.
Sesame sticks, a snack dip, originated in the Southwest.
Arrack is distilled from fermented rice in India.
Hay and pasture are the other chief sources of livestock feed.
That became their "home range".
Drifts usually occurred in winter in an effort to escape the severe cold winds, but it could also occur in summer as the result of lack of water or grass because of a drought, or as an aftermath of a stampede.
Them new to the country were referred to as "pilgrims".
The terminology of the range, in speakin'of "dry stock" and "wet stock", was confusin'to the tenderfoot.
By the time her hindquarters were in a standin'position, her knees were on the ground in a prayin'attitude.
Listenin'with wonder at the strange words of the bullwhackers as they shouted "Whoa", "Haw", and "Gee", they thought them words the names of the animals, and began callin'cattle "wohaws".
"Bull tailin'" was a game once pop'lar with the Mexican cowboys of Texas.
The northern cowboy called all the red Mexican cattle which went up the trail "Sonora reds", while they called all cattle drove up from Mexico "yaks", because they came from the Yaqui Injun country, or gave'em the name of "Mexican buckskins".
Them notes and mortgages were spoken of as "cattle paper".
21 swingin'a wide loop
Kearton and Ulyate had started the day together while Jones followed the dogs, and Means and Loveless had taken another route, and now, with the discovery of the fresh trail still unknown to him, Ulyate reined in, in the shadow of the Reef and pointed.
Jones came toward them fast, now, along the southern toe of the Reef, and the dogs could be heard plainly, Old John with his Grand Canyon voice outstanding above the others.
Then the heavy roar of a lion.
Why she doesn't charge him, I don't know.
) She snarled terribly but intuition told him, again, that she was bluffing, and he could see that half her attention was distracted by the dogs.
Her roar changed to a growl.
For such an emergency he had included Fourth-of-July cannon crackers as part of their equipment.
It was the story of the rhinoceros fight all over again.
John led the chase after her and the other dogs strung out behind, many of them trailing blood.
She snarled warningly.
Means held steady one jump ahead of her.
As she had done with Means, she gained rapidly at first, but then Baldy began to draw away.
But Means kept on.
Progress will take place far less through what is done in any "summit conference" of the National Council or the World Council, or even in offices of the denominational boards, than through what happens in the communities where Christian people live together as neighbors.
This way of describing the matter is unfortunate.
The Jewish synagogue affords a parallel to the Christian congregation, but Hinduism, Buddhism, Islam, Confucianism, Taoism, Shintoism, although they have sacred scriptures, priests, spiritual disciplines, and places of prayer, do not have a congregation as a local household of faith and love.
The antithesis of the ecumenical and the local then no longer exists.
When he had the mishap of breaking his spectacles, his ecumenical colleagues insisted on providing him with new ones.
As a result, they go on thinking of the church, with introverted and self-centered satisfaction, only in connection with the way in which it serves them and their families.
It helps children grow up with at least a nodding acquaintance with the Bible.
To put it bluntly, many a local church is giving its members only what they consciously want.
There must first be a deeper sense that the church belongs not to us but to Christ, and that it is His purpose, not our own interests and preferences, that determines what it is to be and do.
This was typical of such games, which were earnestly played to win and practically never wound up in an expression of good fellowship.
His face was always in the newspapers, sometimes in cartoons that seemed nearly as large as life.
He was given to public carousing and to acting the clown on the diamond;
But the twenties were not all insanity and a striving after recognition.
Babe Ruth, as he always did in the Stadium, played right field to avoid having the sun in his eyes, and Tommy Thevenow, a rather mediocre hitter who played shortstop for the St. Louis Cardinals, knocked a ball with all his might into the sharp angle formed by the permanent stands and the wooden bleachers, where Ruth could not reach it.
for every grown man (except a few who were always suspected of being shy on virility) knew at least the fundamentals of baseball, just as every male American in this era liked to imagine (or pretend) that he could fight with his fists.
The successful and positive resolution of these crises during adolescence involves an epigenetic principle -- during adolescence, the individual's positive resolutions in each area of identity crisis depend, to a considerable degree, on his already having resolved preliminary and preparatory identity crises during his infancy, childhood, and early adolescence.
However, as Erickson has noted, the individual's failure to develop preliminary identities during infancy and childhood need not be irreversibly deterministic with respect to a given area of identity diffusion in his (or her) adolescence.
To be different is to invite shame and doubt;
She may well be incapacitated by it when she is confronted with present and future alternatives -- e.g., whether to prepare primarily for a career or for the role of a homemaker;
they accepted a job primarily because it was available, convenient, and paid reasonably.
The adolescent also faces the identity crisis that Erikson has termed ideological polarization vs. diffusion of ideals.
For example, it is evinced by the adolescent (or adult) whose beliefs and actions represent primarily his rebellion and reaction against the ideas and behavior patterns of others, rather than his inner conviction and choice.
For example, some contemporary writing tends to fuse the "good guys" and the "bad guys", to portray the weak people as heroes and weakness as a virtue, and to explain (or even justify) asocial behavior by attributing it to deterministic psychological, familial, and social experiences.
Observing that "reforms sometimes begin with the contemplation of horrible examples", Hough catalogued the many abuses encouraged by existing procedures.
Its costive deliberations were likened to those of the British courts of chancery mercilessly caricatured by Dickens in Bleak House.
Parker listed the remedies he deemed essential for reducing the cost and mass of testimony.
One of the A.L.A.M. lawyers observed that if the Selden case had been tried under this simplified procedure, the testimony which filled more than a score of volumes, "at a minimum cost of $1 a page for publication alone, could have been contained in one volume".
From the earliest days of the motor car industry, before the A.L.A.M. was established, patent infringement loomed as a serious and vexing problem.
Since the A.L.A.M. holdings embraced only about twenty-five per cent of motor vehicle patents, the denial of rights to independent companies did not retard technical progress in unlicensed sectors of the industry.
By that time it was commonly agreed that patent warfare was sapping constructive achievement and blocking the free exchange of technical information.
The plan was supported by Frederick P. Fish, counsel for the National Automobile Chamber of Commerce.
The massive gate of the Maltese villa affords one of the most extraordinary views in Rome.
You will visit a few churches that are exceptional yet often by-passed, a magnificent square, the main shopping district, the Spanish Steps, and the lovely Pincian Gardens.
Turn to the right along a narrow street to the tiny Piazza Campitelli, then proceed along the Via Dei Funari to the Piazza Mattei.
Follow the colorful and busy Via D. Giubbonari for a hundred yards or so.
When you stand before the barrel-vaulted colonnade you have the impression that the statue at the end is at a considerable distance, yet it is actually only a few feet away.
Today, by contrast it is a lively and colorful fruit, vegetable, and flower market.
Giovanni Bernini's "Fountain of the Rivers", in the center of the piazza, is built around a Roman obelisk from the Circus of Maxentius which rests on grottoes and rocks, with four huge figures, one at each corner, denoting four great rivers from different continents -- the Danube, the Ganges, the Nile, and the Plate.
In front of you is the Palazzo Madama, once belonging to the Medici and now the Italian Senate.
As you leave the Pantheon, take the narrow street to the right, the Via Del Seminario, a block to Sant'Ignazio, one of the most splendid baroque churches in the city.
Here is your opportunity to see the inside of a palazzo where the family still lives.
(And this is not, perhaps, the place to discuss Harlem's very complex attitude toward black policemen, nor the reasons, according to Harlem, that they are nearly all downtown.
Any street meeting, sacred or secular, which he and his colleagues uneasily cover has as its explicit or implicit burden the cruelty and injustice of the white domination.
Before the dust has settled or the blood congealed, editorials, speeches, and civil-rights commissions are loud in the land, demanding to know what happened.
They do not escape Jim Crow: they merely encounter another, not-less-deadly variety.
Northerners indulge in an extremely dangerous luxury.
In the second place, though, even if Birmingham is worse, no doubt Johannesburg, South Africa, beats it by several miles, and Buchenwald was one of the worst things that ever happened in the entire history of the world.
The resulting, indescribable torment affects every Southern mind and is the basis of the Southern hysteria.
The country will not change until it re-examines itself and discovers what it really means by freedom.
I had intended to be there myself.
I find this view amazing.
What I find appalling -- and really dangerous -- is the American assumption that the Negro is so contented with his lot here that only the cynical agents of a foreign power can rouse him to protest.
The unfortunate queen mounted the scaffold;
The discovery that movies are a form of fiction was made in the early years of this century and it was made chiefly by two men, a French magician, Georges Melies, and an American employee of Edison, Edwin S. Porter.
Linking the smoothly changing images together, the eye itself endows them with the illusion of movement.
Now time is also the concern of the fictional narrative, which is, at its simplest, the story of an action with, usually, a beginning, a middle, and an end -- elements which demand time as the first condition for their existence.
One reel -- from eight to twelve minutes -- became the standard length from the year of Robbery, 1903, until Griffith shattered that limit forever with Birth Of A Nation in 1915.
The plane of the action in the scene is not parallel with the plane of the film in the camera or on the screen.
you are employing the basic technique of film;
it presumes both speed and urgency and it demands cutting -- both from pursued to pursuer and from stage to stage of the journey of both.
Not that there had not been attempts, mostly European, to do exactly that.
congregational membership, however, is another thing.
Central city areas have become progressively poorer locales for the major denominations since the exodus of middle-class people from most central cities.
If it were primarily a believing fellowship, it would recruit believers from all social and economic ranks, something which most congregations of the New Protestantism (with a few notable exceptions) have not been able to do.
The rule of economic integration in congregational life can be seen in the missionary outreach of the major denominations.
therefore, the recruitment or missionary outreach of the congregation will be co-optation rather than proclamation -- like elements will have to be assimilated.
This means that the antennae of the congregation are extended into the community, picking up the wave lengths of those who will fit into the social and economic level of the congregation;
The inner life of congregations will prosper so long as like-minded people of similar social and economic level can fraternize together;
The motifs of impersonal interdependence and insulation of residential communities have polarized;
The identification of the basic unit of religious organization -- the parish or congregation -- with a residential area is self-defeating in a modern metropolis, for it simply means the closing of an iron trap on the outreach of the Christian fellowship and the transmutation of mission to co-optation.
"Fellowship by likeness" and "mission by friendly contact" form the iron cage of denominational religion.
In accord with its penurious policy, the company failed to furnish presents to hold the loyalty of the principal Indians.
Fort Toulouse, on the Alabama River, had been erected in 1714 for trade with the Alabamas and Choctaws, but money was available for only one other new post, near the present Nashville, Tennessee, and this was soon abandoned.
Concessionaires were to be under the supervision of the directors.
During the first administration of Bienville, the peltry trade of the Mobile district was a lucrative source of revenue.
Their territory lay to the north, near the sources of the Alabama, the Tombigbee, the Tennessee, and Cumberland rivers, and was easily accessible to traders among the near-by Cherokees.
But it coupled with this a requirement that Indians must bring their pelts to Mobile and thus save all costs of transportation into and out of the Indian country.
They were to promise fine presents to the loyal red men, as well as an abundant supply of trading goods at better prices than the opposition was offering.
D'Artaguette went vigorously to work, and gave credit to many hunters.
The King accepted the surrender and fixed the compensation of the company at 1,450,000 livres.
He reported, too, that among the habitants there were none of probity and ability sufficient to justify entrusting them with the King's goods.
The farmers may be aroused if Congress cuts into the Agriculture Department's budget.
After all, the money dispensed by State goes not to the farmer, the laborer, or the businessman, but to foreigners.
Congress is a harsh master.
Rooney remained untouched.
During Dulles's first two years in office, while Republicans ran the Senate, the Department was at the mercy of men who had thirsted for its blood since 1945.
Their old errors of judgment were equated, in the curious logic of the time, with present treasonous intent.
Here is the world of the chauffeured limousine and the gossip reporter, of caviar on stale crackers and the warm martini, of the poseur, the spy, the party crasher, and the patriot, of the rented tails, the double cross, and the tired Lothario.
To everyone's astonishment he seemed no more like the run-of-the-mine Russian ambassador than George Babbitt was like Fyodor Pavlovitch Karamazov.
Toasting in champagne one night at the embassy, he hoisted his glass to a senator's wife and gaily cried: "Up your bottom"!
A reporter who consulted a Middle East Information officer for routine vital statistics got nowhere until the State Department man produced from his bottom desk drawer a brochure published by the Arabian-American Oil Company.
"Twenty-five", the sheik replied.
A few newer homes have Western flush toilets, but even with running water, they are usually Eastern style.
Because Don was leaving the next day, I spent the evening with him at Asia Center.
The government has recognized the dilemma and is beginning to devise some moral education for the schools -- but the teachers often have no firm conviction and are confused.
They understood and teased me a bit about it.
After a supper of unagi (rice with eel -- eel which is raised in an ice-cold pond at the foot of Mt. Fuji), I returned to my beautiful room to sleep as hard as possible to be ready for another busy day.
In his big home live four families and thirty people, so it needs to be big.
Here Mr. Yoneda met us after a three-hour train trip from the town where he teaches.
But there he was at the train with an Oregon State pennant in his hand.
This day was "Open House for Parents" day, and the girls were busy preparing exhibits and arranging tea tables.
Masu is also teaching in a municipally-sponsored school for Japanese widows in Tokyo.
Her education in the United States, not just in a classroom, but also in an American house with an American housekeeper, stands her in good stead.
Such a general boycott might still be a blunt or indiscriminating instrument, and therefore of questionable justification.
This, however, is sufficient to show that more or less non-violent resistance and economic conflict (if both sides are strong enough) can be war of all against all no less than if other means are used.
R. B. Gregg has written that "non-violence and good will of the victim act like the lack of physical opposition by the user of physical jiu-jitsu, to cause the attacker to lose his moral balance.
A technique by which it is proposed to enter with compulsion into the very heart of a man and determine his values may often in fact seem the more unlimited aggression.
There must also be additional and more fundamental discrimination in the use of means of resistance, violent or non-violent.
Not only should this provision be enforced but other economic and political actions might be taken which, this author believes, "must surely be supported by every American who values the freedom that has been won for him and whose conscience is not so dominated by the lines in his account books that he can willingly and knowingly contribute to the enslavement of another nation".
A Southerner married to a New Englander, I have lived for many years in a Connecticut commuting town with a high percentage of artists, writers, publicity men, and business executives of egghead tastes.
As for states'rights, they have never counted in the thinking of my liberal friends except as irritations of a minor and immoral nature which exist now only as anachronisms.
" This, for the liberals I know, would be an understatement.
but there is a leavening of liberalism among college graduates throughout the South, especially among those who studied in the North.
Prior to 1954 I imagine that a majority of Southerners would have voted against the Confederacy.
In certain respects defeat increased the persistent Anglophilia of the Old South.
It is hard to see how the situation could be otherwise.
This is the only case in modern history of a people of Britannic origin submitting without continued struggle to what they view as foreign domination.
There is much truth in both these charges, and not many Bourbons deny them.
and I have heard many say that they are content to earn a half or a third as much as they could up North because they so much prefer the quieter habits of their home town.
This was particularly true in the world arena, which was an anarchical battleground characterized by strife and avaricious competition for colonial empires.
In what has aptly been called a "constitutional revolution", the basic nature of government was transformed from one essentially negative in nature (the "night-watchman state") to one with affirmative duties to perform.
Internal national responsibility, now a truism, need not be documented.
National responsibility for individual welfare is a concept not limited to the United States or even to the Western nations.
The content is not the same, however: rather than individual security, it is the security and continuing existence of an "ideological group" -- those in the "free world" -- that is basic.
Today, as new nations rise from the former colonial empires, nationalism is one of the hurricane forces loose in the world.
In other words, nationalism worked well enough when it had limited application, both as to geography and as to population;
The nation-state, then, exemplifies the principle of nationalism and exercises sovereignty: supreme power over domestic affairs and independence from outside control.
As evidence to support that view, consider the following illustrative instances.
"Readiness exercises" are almost continuous.
The experts are thus forced to hypothesize sequences of events that have never occurred, probably never will -- but possibly might.
These men are not callous.
to the SAC command and control post, forty-five feet below the ground at Offutt Air Force Base, near Omaha, Nebraska;
That's the law.
Even the President cannot pick up his telephone and give a "go" order.
For these centers, too, are on the gold circuit.
Movable panels of floor-to-ceiling maps and charts are crammed with intelligence information.
General Power would participate in the decision making.
Now we must become vague, for we are approaching one of the nation's most guarded secrets.
Now let us imagine a wing of B-52's, on alert near their "positive control (or fail-safe) points", the spots on the map, many miles from Soviet territory, beyond which they are forbidden to fly without specific orders to proceed to their targets.
After that, it requires several minutes of concentrated work, including six separate and deliberate actions by a minimum of three men sitting at three separate stations in a bomber, each with another man beside him to help, for an armed bomb to be released.
The aborigines fastened upon it with a concentration beyond pathos.
Their gait is impossible to convey in words.
He had found a depression with rain water in it.
Such stretches have an inhuman moonlike quality.
There might have been a pool of cool water behind any of these tree-clumps: only -- there was not.
The aborigine is not deceived;
Others are confined to vast reservations, and not only does the Australian government justifiably not wish them to be viewed as exhibits in a zoo, but on their reservations they are extremely fugitive, shunning camps, coming together only for corroborees at which their strange culture comes to its highest pitch -- which is very low indeed.
I asked.
Finally we approached the bivouac of the aborigines.
"The buggers love shade", the rancher said.
He had long black hair and a wispy beard.
There were two rubbing sticks for making fire, two stones shaped roughly like knives, a woven-root container which held a few pounds of dried worms and the dead body of some rodent.
It was also subtly familiar, for it was the odor of the human body, but multiplied innumerable times because of the fact that the aborigines never bathed.
The Australian asked.
The architects, the tile and carpet makers, the potters, painters, calligraphers, and metalsmiths worked through Abbas's reign and those of his successors to enrich the city.
They think of it as a kind of spooky museum in which they may half see and half imagine the old splendor.
The promenade, for example, continues to take place on the Chahar Bagh, a mile-long garden of plane and poplar trees that now serves as the city's principal street.
The men crying love poems in an orchard on any summer's night are as often as not the lutihaw, mustachioed toughs who spend most of their lives in and out of the local prisons, brothels, and teahouses.
The line of an eyebrow, the color of the skin, a ghazal from Hafiz, the purity of spring water, the long afternoon among the boughs which crowd the upper story of a pavilion -- these things are noticed, judged, and valued.
At either end and in the center there are bays which contain nine greater alcoves as frescoed and capacious as church apses.
It is a great spectacle.
Above, in the tiled prosceniums of the alcoves, boys sing the ghazals of Hafiz and Saadi, while at the very bottom, in the vaults, the toughs and blades of the city hoot and bang their drums, drink arak, play dice, and dance.
In most Western cultures today these twins have been sent away to the libraries and museums.
Or the mode of love to this fragment by a recent poet: "Know ye, fair folk who dwell on earth Or shall hereafter come to birth, That here, with dust upon his eyes, Iraj, the sweet-tongued singer, lies.
Our meeting took place in May, 1961, during one of the Maestro's stop-overs in New York, before he left for Europe.
Because, like many other children, he intensely disliked practicing Czerny Etudes, he composed his own studies.
Yes, the Maestro assented.
The Frankfurt years were particularly noteworthy for his performance of Berg's Wozzek soon after the Berlin premiere under Erich Kleiber, and the world premiere of Schonberg's Von heute auf morgen.
In 1945 he became conductor of the Buffalo Philharmonic.
He will conduct two concerts at the Accademia Di Santa Cecilia, as well as concerts in Munich and Cologne.
Bruckner's Eighth he refers to as "my travel symphony".
And how did he feel about modern art?
"Is the attitude of German youth comparable to that of "the angry young men'of England"?
When I mentioned that for my first long voyage I did not even have the money for the return fare, but had trusted to luck that I would earn a sufficient amount, the young people looked at me doubtingly.
The ideal home, they agreed, would be a small private house or a city apartment of four to five rooms, just enough for a family consisting of husband, wife, and two children.
Our successors will have an easier task".
Author of the Albany Plan Of Union, which, had it been adopted, might have avoided the Revolution, he fought the colonists'front-line battles in London, negotiated the treaty of alliance with France and the peace that ended the war, headed the state government of Pennsylvania, and exercised an important moderating influence at the Federal Convention.
His revolutionary pamphlets, published when he was only 19, quickly brought him to the attention of the patriot leaders.
Their social status was achieved in some cases by birth, as with Washington, Jefferson and Jay;
Madison once remarked: "My life has been so much a public one", a comment which fits the careers of the other six.
To support his large family Hamilton went back to the law after each spell of public service.
Yet when, at war's end, the ex-Tory made the first move to resume correspondence, Jay wrote him from Paris, where he was negotiating the peace settlement:
They supported it, not as a perfect instrument, but as the best obtainable.
Long live Tobacco Road.
This is not to say that the South is no longer agrarian;
The effects of television and other mass media are erasing regional dialects and localisms with a startling force.
Has the agrarian tradition become such an addiction that the switch to urbanism is somehow dreaded or unwanted?
his requesting, and often getting, higher wages, better working conditions, better schools -- changes that were slowly emerging even before the Supreme Court decision of 1954.
While there may still be many Faulknerian Lucas Beauchamps scattered through the rural South, such men appear to be a vanishing breed.
Modern writers, who are supposed to keep their fingers firmly upon the pulse of their subjects, insist upon drawing out this legend, prolonging its burial, when it well deserves a rest after the overexploitation of the past century.
In the meantime, while the South has been undergoing this phenomenal modernization that is so disappointing to the curious Yankee, Southern writers have certainly done little to reflect and promote their region's progress.
Even two decades ago in Go Down, Moses Faulkner was looking to the more urban future with a glimmer of hope that through its youth and its new way of life the South might be reborn and the curse of slavery erased from its soil.
He has designed a matching backdrop and costumes of points of color on white for Mr. Cunningham's Summerspace, so that dancers and background merge into a shimmering unity.
Or, clad from head to toe in fabric stretched over a series of hoops, the performer may well lose his sense of self in being a "finial".
The unit of form is determined subjectively: "the Heart, by the way of the Breath, to the Line".
The concept remains subjective.
But a tossing of coins, with perhaps the added safeguard of reference to the oracles of the I Ching, the Chinese Book Of Changes, dictates the handling of the chosen materials.
She, too, is concerned with "the becoming, the process of realization", but she does not think in terms of subtle variations of spatial or temporal patterns.
He seeks to make his dancers more "godlike" by relating them to the impersonal elements of shape, light, color, and sound.
Though he is also concerned with freeing dance from pedestrian modes of activity, Merce Cunningham has selected a very different method for achieving his aim.
nearby, another sits motionless, while still another is twirling an umbrella.
The answers derived by these means may determine not only the temporal organization of the dance but also its spatial design, special slips designating the location on the stage where the movement is to be performed.
Then the choreographer must arbitrate.
And so I would only touch upon it now (much as I have long wanted to write a book about it).
We now practically read it, all men are created equal except Negroes.
The difference between confederacy and federal union in 1861
The one of 1861 made clear that in making their government the people were acting through their states, whereas the Preamble of 1787-89 expressed, as clearly as language can, the opposite concept, that they were acting directly as citizens.
Though his election was interpreted by many Southerners as the forerunner of a dangerous shift in the federal balance in favor of the Union, Lincoln himself proposed no such change in the rights the Constitution gave the states.
On their decisive battlefield Lincoln did not distinguish between them when he paid tribute to the "brave men, living and dead, who fought here".
There was a divine justice in one wrong thus undoing another.
Social invention did not have to await social theory any more than use of the warmth of a fire had to await Lavoisier or the buoyant protection of a boat the formulations of Archimedes.
Political theoretical understanding, although almost at a standstill during this century, did develop during the eighteenth and nineteenth centuries, and resulted in a flood of inventions which increased the possibility for man to coexist with man.
Lucretius has remarked: "The reason why all Mortals are so gripped by fear is that they see all sorts of things happening in the earth and sky with no discernable cause, and these they attribute to the will of God".
They arise in situations in which one believes that what happens depends not only on the external world, but also on the precise pattern of behavior of the individual or group.
There is still the remote possibility of planetoid collision.
We have staved off a war and, since our behavior has involved all these elements, we can only keep adding to our ritual without daring to abandon any part of it, since we have not the slightest notion which parts are effective.
Our collective policies, group and national, are similarly based on voodoo, but here we often lack even the empirically successful rituals and are still engaged in determing them.
In addition, our way of dealing directly with natural phenomena has also changed.
The persistent horror of having a malformed child has, I believe, been reduced, not because we have gained any control over this misfortune, but precisely because we have learned that we have so little control over it.
American newspaper reviewers like to call his plays nihilistic.
When Beckett's name came into the discussion, the priest grew loud and told me that Beckett "hates life".
He seems, by some unconscious division of labor, to have given them that one function and no other, leaving communication to the rest of the face.
I reconstruct his sentences from notes made immediately after our conversation.
One is not more true than the other.
But now we can keep it out no longer, because we have come into a time when "it invades our experience at every moment.
It only means that there will be new form, and that this form will be of such a type that it admits the chaos and does not try to say that the chaos is really something else.
The classical lines of the church which Napoleon thought of as a Temple of Glory, dominated all the scene where we sat.
Hamm's world is death and Clov may or may not get out of it to join the living child outside.
The destiny of Racine's Phedre is sealed from the beginning: she will proceed into the dark.
I have no religious feeling.
At the moment of crisis it had no more depth than an old school tie.
I told him no, that I had had a very happy childhood.
At the same time, he is plainly sympathetic, clearly friendly.
Whether any of us remain in it long will depend on what happens as a result of the technological and economic revolutions now going on in the countries of Asia and Africa, and also of course on how long the cold war remains cold.
For the beatnik, like the hipster, is in opposition to a society that is based on the repression of the sex instinct.
It is therefore not surprising that they resist the lure of marriage and the trap of domesticity, for like cats they are determined not to tame their sexual energy.
In addition, they have been converted to Zen Buddhism, with its glorification of all that is "natural" and mysteriously alive, the sense that everything in the world is flowing.
Thus jazz is transmuted into something holy, the sacred road to integration of being.
That is why the members of the beat generation proudly assume the title of the holy barbarians;
They are non-conformists on principle.
She finds married life stifling and every prolonged sex relationship unbearably monotonous.
Nymphomaniacs, junkies, homosexuals, drug addicts, lesbians, alcoholics, the weak, the frustrated, the irresolute, the despairing, the derelicts and outcasts of society.
In his chapter on "The Loveways Of The Beat Generation", Lipton spares the reader none of the sordid details.
Carried high on this "charge", he composes "magical" poetry that captures the organic rhythms of life in words.
Square corner- and gate posts were an open-work pattern of cast-iron foliage;
From above one could only occasionally catch a glimpse of life on the floor of this green sea: a neighbor's gingham skirt flashing into sight for an instant on the path beneath her grape-arbor, or the movement of hands above a clothesline and the flutter of garments hung there, half-way down the block.
The part of the mind that preserves dates and events may remonstrate, "It could have been like that for only a little while";
she cherished rare and delicate plants like oleanders in tubs and wall-flowers and lemon verbenas in pots that had to be wintered in the cellar;
hollyhock blossoms that, turned upside down, make pink-petticoated ladies;
Dead fledgling birds, their squashed-looking nakedness and the odor of decay that clung to the hand when they had been buried in our graveyard in front of the purple flags.
In the heat of the summer, the garden solitudes were ours alone;
When the hay wagon had gone, and an interval passed, a huckster's cart might turn the corner.
At four-o'clock, or four-thirty, the coming of the newsboy marked the end of the day;
The hoofmarks of cattle and the prints of bare feet in the mud or in the dust were as numerous as the traces of shod horses.
But it is characteristic of him, we are told, "his little artifice", to be able to introduce "into a fairly vulgar and humorous piece of hackwork a sudden phrase of genuine creative art".
The horrifying humor, the specifically sexual embarrassment of the joke gone wrong, the monstrous image of the fat man dressed up as a whore dressing up as a baby;
This prohibition on love has an especially poignant relation to art;
It appears that the dominant tendency of Mann's early tales, however pictorial or even picturesque the surface, is already toward the symbolic, the emblematic, the expressionistic.
But that is too simple, and won't hold up.
"Life" points out that "everybody uses this path", and starts to ride on.
Life is further characterized, in antithesis to Piepsam, as animal: the image of a dog, which appears at several places, is first given as the criterion of amiable, irrelevant interest aroused by life considered simply as a spectacle: a dog in a wagon is "admirable", "a pleasure to contemplate";
"He made no claims to belong to the great and mighty of this earth".
in particular against a Madonna portrayed in a voluptuous style and modeled, according to gossip, upon the painter's mistress.
The image of God has simply disappeared.
Accordingly, it is the aim of this essay to advance a new theory of imitation (which I shall call mimesis in order to distinguish it from earlier theories of imitation) and a new theory of invention (which I shall call symbol for reasons to be stated hereafter).
For both Plato and Aristotle artistic mimesis, in contrast to the power of dialectic, is relatively incapable of expressing the character of fundamental reality.
This is the primary function of the imagination operating in the absence of the original experiential stimulus by which the images were first appropriated.
The mimetic character of the imaginative consciousness tends to express itself in the presentation of artistic forms and materials.
a desire to avoid and repel this or that other part.
he is questioning, also, every epistemology which stems from Hume's presupposition that experience is merely sense data in abstraction from causal efficacy, and that causal efficacy is something intellectually imputed to the world, not directly perceived.
In town after town my companion pointed out the Negro school and the White school, and in every instance the former made a better appearance (it was newer, for one thing).
People talk about "the law of the land".
it has been, many times.
To guard against the tyranny of a numerical majority, Calhoun developed his theory of "concurrent majority", which, he said, "by giving to each portion of the community which may be unequally affected by the action of government, a negative on the others, prevents all partial or local legislation".
Southern Liberals (there are a good many) -- especially if they're rich -- often exhibit blithe insouciance.
I leave out of account the question of the best interests of the children, the question of what their best interests really are.
And one finds it again in Thomas Nelson Page) to the effect that the Mayflower on its second voyage brought a cargo of Negro slaves.
After how many generations is such wealth (mounting all the while through the manipulations of high finance) purified of taint?
It ignores the sordid financial aspects (quite conveniently, too, for his audience, who could indulge in moral indignation without visible, or even conscious, discomfort, their money from the transaction having been put away long ago in a good antiseptic brokerage).
George W. Cable (naturalized New Englander), writing in 1889 from "Paradise Road, Northampton" (lovely symbolic name), agitated continuously the "Southern question".
Is it not ironical that Roger Williams's state, Rhode Island, should have been the very last of the forty-eight to establish a state university?
Of these there are surely few that would be more rewarding discoveries than Verner Von Heidenstam, the Swedish poet and novelist who received the award in 1916 and whose centennial was celebrated two years ago.
In one of his summers at home he married, to the great disapproval of his father, who objected because of his extreme youth.
It was a brilliant debut, so much so indeed that it aroused a new vitality in the younger poets, as did Byron's Childe Harold.
It celebrates the unknown architect who designed the temple of Neptune at Paestum, next to the Parthenon the noblest example of Grecian classic style now in existence.
A dominant motive is the poet's longing for his homeland and its boyhood associations: "Not men-folk, but the fields where I would stray, The stones where as a child I used to play".
By the death of his father in 1888 he had come into possession of the family estate and had re-assumed its traditions.
Though it centers around the brilliant and enigmatic figure of Charles 12, the true hero is not finally the king himself.
George Meredith has said that fervor is the core of style.
After the collapse of that desperate and ill-fated campaign the character of the king degenerated for a time into a futility that was not merely pitiable but often ridiculous.
Then suddenly there was a tremendous revulsion of popular feeling.
Some of the earlier episodes have touches of the supernatural, as suited to the legendary background.
As a free-lance investigator, the fictional detective is responsible to no one but himself and his client.
By virtue of his self-reliance, his individualism and his freedom from external restraint, the private eye is a perfect embodiment of the middle class conception of liberty, which amounts to doing what you please and let the devil take the hindmost.
Now, although the roots of the mystery story in serious literature go back as far as Balzac, Dickens, and Poe, it was not until the closing decades of the 19th century that the private detective became an established figure in popular fiction.
Unfortunately, this assumption does not always hold good.
he is prone to semi-catatonic trances induced by the playing of the vioiln;
Although he is perfectly willing to cooperate with Scotland Yard, Holmes has nothing but contempt for the intelligence and mentality of the police.
Linked to Holmes even in death, Moriarty represents the alter-ego of the great detective, the image of what our hero might have become were he not a public servant.
Like Holmes, the American private eye rejects the social conventions of his time.
Beaten, bruised and exhausted, he pursues the elusive killer through the demi-monde of high society and low morals, always alone, always despised.
The latter are either too stupid to catch the killer or too corrupt to care.
It is the growing contradiction between individualism and public service in the mystery story which creates this fatal dilemma.
At first glance, this hero seems to be more rather than less of an individualist than any of his predecessors.
Also, since the man questioned feels a strong compulsion to answer (and thereby avoid the consequences of being thought queer) the question has assumed some measurable properties of a command.
This, and other qualifications, make the cocktail party the most complete and most chaotic communication system ever dreamed up.
We assume for this illustration that the size of the land plots is so great that the distance between dwellings is greater than the voice can carry and that most of the communication is between nearest neighbors only, as shown in Figure 2.
Military organizations.
No questions, statements, or explanations are permitted -- only commands.
With troops dispersed on fields of battle rather than on the parade ground, it may seem that a certain amount of monitoring is automatically enforced by the lines of communication.
And (D) all action of a physical kind pertinent to the mission is relegated to the line of men on the lower rank.
Such problems are of extreme interest as well as importance and are so much like fighting in a rain forest or guerrilla warfare at night in tall grass that we might have to re-examine primitive conflicts for what they could teach.
So we see that a specialist is a man who knows more and more about less and less as he develops, as contrasted to the generalist, who knows less and less about more and more.
He specifies, "in the middle period of the Nineteenth Century it was colored by Christian supernaturalism, in the Twentieth Century it was affected by naturalism.
During the decade that followed, the common man, as that piece put it, grew uncomfortable as the Voice of God and fled from behind Saint Woodrow (Wilson) only to learn from Science, to his shocked relief that after all there was no God he had to speak for and that he was just an animal anyhow -- that there was a chemical formula for him, and that too much couldn't be expected of him.
The importance of Rousseau's twist has not always been clear to us, however.
During the next five years the leaders of the Fair Deal reluctantly backed down from the optimistic expectations of the New Deal.
I will assume that we are all aware of the continuing struggle, with its limited and precarious success, toward conservatism.
This is, however, symptomatic of our national malaise.
Others invoked technology and common sense.
Father Murray goes back to the Declaration of Independence, too, though I may add, with considerably more historical perception.
Does our society have a runaway, uncontrollable growth of technology which may end our civilization, or a normal, healthy growth?
We are already committed to establishing man's supremacy over nature and everywhere on earth, not merely in the limited social-political-economical context we are fond of today.
So we must first analyze our present institutions with respect to the effect of each on man's major needs.
Perhaps the public's present attitude toward business stems from the fact that the "rugged capitalist entrepreneur" no more exists in America.
Socialism, I grant, has a definite place in our society.
So we are faced with a vast network of amorphous entities perpetuating themselves in whatever manner they can, without regard to the needs of society, controlling society and forcing upon it a regime representing only the corporation's needs for survival.
It can project long-range goals for itself.
Proprietorships should get the tax advantages now accruing to corporations, e.g. the chance to accumulate capital so vital for growth.
These proposals would go far toward creating the economic atmosphere favoring growth of the individual, who, in turn, would help us to cope with runaway technology.
The company grew out of efforts by two completely inexperienced men in their late twenties, neither having a formal education applicable to, or experience in, manufacturing or selling our type of articles.
Anyone who tried to remedy some of the most glaring defects in our form of democracy was denounced as a traitorous red whose real purpose was the destruction of our government.
they are the most valuable of commodities -- and the most salable, for their demand far exceeds supply.
He appealed to us to bring his case to the attention of the authorities that justice might be done.
Shakespeare's wit and wisdom, his profound insight into human nature, have stood the test of centuries.
He took the story of the pound of flesh and had to fasten it on someone.
This would make anyone crafty and cruel, capable of fiendish revenge.
Let his bones and his memory rest in the fifteenth century where they belong;
When Peter B. Kyne (Pride Of Palomar, 43) informed us in 1921 that we had an instinctive dislike for the Japanese, did the heated debates of the Californians settle the truth or falsity of the proposition?
Long ago they consigned the notions of Kyne and Dixon to the scrap heap.
Research into several cultures has proven her position to be a mistaken one.
But is the result new barnsful of tested knowledge on the basis of which we can with confidence solve our domestic and international problems?
If he had been "liquidated" in some way, he would have become a martyr, a rallying point for people who shared his ideas.
We would establish no censorship.
But the problem is one which gives us the measure of a man, rather than a group of men, whether a group of doctors, a group of party members assembled at a dinner to give their opinion, or the masses of the voters.
In this case others should not have had to raise the doubts and fears.
The double editorial on Two Aspects Of "The U.S. Spirit" was subtly calculated to suggest a moral sanction for gambles great as well as small, reflecting popular approval of this questionable attitude toward the highest office in the land.
and we watch him amid the overtones which suggest he could never in any conscience urge a risk upon the voters.
But the fact remains that even the unconscious acceptance of himself as a man of destiny divinely protected must be censored in any man who evades the responsibility for his major decisions, and thus for imposing his will on the people.
By contrast, the energetic reaction of the leader to the full demands his decision imposes upon him strengthens the moral intuition and gives us the measure of the man.
But because it is the function of the mind to turn the one into the other by means of the capacities with which words endow it, we do not unwisely examine the type of distinction, in the sphere of politics, on which decisions hang.
The civilizational crisis, the third type of change raises the question "what are we to do"?
The second involves something deeper, but its characteristic form focuses on a shift in policy for the community, not in the truth on which the community rests.
The liberal-conservative split, to define it further, derives from a basic difference concerning the existential status of standard sought and about the spiritual experience that leads to its identification.
Those social, civilizational factors not rooted in the human spirit of the group, ultimately cease to exist.
An existentialist is a man who perceives himself only as "esse", as existence without substance.
Now in the mere fact of the beginning of such displacement we have prima-facie evidence of the ontological weakness of the fading form.
anxiety and deep insecurity are the characteristic responses evoked by the crisis in tradition.
Both are predictably destined to fail.
Despite the hopelessness of the response, it is explicable in terms of the crisis of tradition itself.
In its dynamic form, it visualizes the community as the embodiment of an ontological force -- the race, for instance, which unfolds in history.
Is the Oedipus complex, the clinical syndrome, material for a tragedy?
But a modern Oedipus who is doomed because he cannot oppose his own childhood is only pathetic, and for renouncing the mystery in favor of psychological truth he gives up the claim on our sympathies.
It is the story of the hopeless love of a little boy for his cold and vain mother.
The rocking is actually felt in the story, a terrible and ominous rhythm that prophesies the tragedy.
we accord it its place there, and in Lawrence's treatment we are given the innocent fantasy of a child, in fact, the form in which oedipal love is expressed in childhood.
he has lost confidence in his own eyes and in the validity of his own psychological insights.
The ancient types are reassembled in gloom and foreboding to be irresistibly drawn to their destinies, but the myth fails before the modern truth;
while they move through the pageantry of the ancient incest myth and cover themselves through not-knowing, they reveal the unconscious motive in seeking each other and in the last scene make an extraordinary confession of guilt in the twentieth-century manner.
At the end of this period two pious Christians in Rome receive the revelation which leads them to seek the next Pope on the rock.
The play of novel lighting effects also entered into these compositions, whose controlled power and varied activity made them well worth meditating.
but, he held, instead of continuing as an "art of reduction", it must grow, must make a place for the contributions of the Raphaels and Poussins as well as for those of the early cubists and Mondrian.
But whereas the postwar American abstractionists seem to Helion to be determined to "escape" from the real world, or simply to rebel against it, the ordered abstractions which he and his associates of the 1930's were painting embodied the hope of "improving" things.
The darkening world scene, at the time of the Munich Pact, continued to trouble his mind even in his remote Virginia studio.
but after war came to Europe, he decided to return to France, arriving there in January, 1940.
-- who questioned things when given orders".
Their sentry followed.
Riding trains, hitching hikes on trucks across Germany, slipping through guarded frontiers with the help of secret guides, he eventually reached Vichy France, and, by the winter of 1943, was back in Virginia.
In prison he had been able to sketch nothing but figures from life, his guards, his companions in misery.
But when he showed his new figurative pictures to his artist friends of the abstract camp, they paid him no compliments and drew long faces.
If he condemns the recent or the present, he condemns the past with no less force.
It is to say rather, I believe, that he has brought to bear on the history, the traditions, and the lore of his region a critical, skeptical mind -- the same mind which has made of him an inveterate experimenter in literary form and technique.
His own testimony is that he has read very little in the history of the South, implying that what he knows of that history has come to him orally and that he knows the world around him primarily from his own unassisted observation.
The planter aristocracy has appeared in literature at least since John Pendleton Kennedy published Swallow-Barn in 1832 and in his genial portrait of Frank Meriwether presiding over his plantation dominion initiated the most persistent tradition of Southern literature.
Faulkner's low-class characters had but few counterparts in earlier Southern novels dealing with plantation life.
and George Washington Harris, whose Tennessee hillbilly character Sut Lovingood perpetrated more unmalicious mischief and more unintended pain than any other character in literature.
Some years ago Julian Huxley proposed to an audience made up of members of the British Association for the Advancement of Science that "man's supernormal or extra-sensory faculties are (now) in the same case as were his mathematical faculties during the ice age".
It seems quite obvious that all the really difficult tasks of human beings arise from the fact that man is not one, but many.
Here, on a desk, is a stack of pamphlets representing the efforts of some of the best men of the day to penetrate these questions.
After casting about for a way of describing this spirit, we decided that it would be better to use Mr. Lyford's introduction as an illustration.
Those who are insecure fear to be candid in self-examination.
Although we continue to pay our conversational devotions to "free private enterprise", "individual initiative", "the democratic way", "government of the people", "competition of the marketplace", etc., we live rather comfortably in a society in which economic competition is diminishing in large areas, bureaucracy is corroding representative government, technology is weakening the citizen's confidence in his own power to make decisions, and the threat of war is driving him economically and physically into the ground".
The Agreeable Autocracies is an attempt to explore some of the institutions which both reflect and determine the character of the free society today.
Should Rousseau have been able to leave room in his social theory for the advent of television, atomic energy, and IBM machines?
Given the conceptual context within which ancient thought thrived, how could anyone have questioned this principle?
Ships disappear hull-first over the horizon;
This, conjoined with the considerations above, made the circular motions of heavenly bodies appear an almost directly observed fact.
They move only in accordance with what is in their natures.
This is clear when one distinguishes the types of motion appropriate to both regions.
No attempt is made by Ptolemy to weld into a single scheme (a-la-Aristotle), these independent predicting-machines.
Ptolemy recurrently denies that he could ever explain planetary motion.
It is often stated that Copernican astronomy is'simpler'than Ptolemaic.
This, of course, results from the non-systematic,'cellular'character of Ptolemaic theory.
The number of primitive ideas in systematically-simple theories is reduced to a minimum.
Hence, noting the simplicity achieved in Copernicus'formulation does not provide another reason for the acceptance of De Revolutionibus, another reason beyond its systematic superiority.
The formal displacement of the geocentric principle far from being Copernicus'primary concern, was introduced only to resolve what seemed to him intolerable in orthodox astronomy, namely, the'unphysical'triplication of centric reference-points: one center from which the planet's distances were calculated, another around which planetary velocities were computed, and still a third center (the earth) from which the observations originated.
Henrietta's feeling of identity with Sara Sullam was crowned by her discovery of the coincidence that Sara's epitaph in the Jewish cemetery in Venice referred to her as "the Sulamite".
In any case but the last, such a course is sure to avenge itself upon the individual;
It was established in a couple of buildings in the shopping district, with only a few professors, but all eminent men, and a few hundred eager students housed in nearby dwellings.
and bright though they all were, they could not possibly compete for her interest with Papa, whose mind -- although he never tried to dazzle or patronize lesser lights with it -- naturally eclipsed theirs and made them seem to her even younger than they were.
But that did not prevent him from writing more long letters, or from coming to spend his Christmas vacations with the hospitable, lively Szolds in their pleasant house on Lombard Street.
But both were high-spirited and vivacious, both had tempers to control, both loved languages, especially English and German, both were good teachers and wrote for publication.
played Chopin in the "Soiree Musicale of Mr. Guthrie's Pupils";
And like Jo March, who saw her sisters Meg and Amy involved in "lovering" before herself, Henrietta saw her sisters Rachel and Sadie drawn outside their family circle by the attraction of suitors, Rachel by Joe Jastrow, and Sadie by Max Lobl, a young businessman who would write her romantic descriptions of his trips by steamboat down the Mississippi.
Flocks of writs, attachments, and unpleasant legal papers of every sort began to fly through the air.
There were three years of this strange warfare;
He said that Mr. Wright was not in, and so could not be arrested on something called a peace warrant that Miriam was waving in the air.
And this is my own home".
Miriam had not yet goaded him into mentioning her directly, but one can feel the generalized anger in Wright's remarks to reporters when he was asked, one morning on arrival in Chicago, what he thought of the city as a whole.
Spread everything out.
at any rate, heat grew so intense in the main part of the house that it melted the window panes, and fused the K'ang-si pottery to cinders.
And now there was some question as to his continued residence there.
He said that the architect might reasonably be expected to carry his financial burdens if all harrassment could be brought to an end, and that the bank would accept a mortgage on Taliesin to help bring this about.
No matter what troubles might betide him, this most American of artists knew in his heart he could not function properly outside his native land.
Although his tender nights were not the ones I dreamed of, nor was it for yachts, sports cars, tall drinks, and swimming pools, nor yet for money or what money buys that I burned, I too was burning and watching myself burn.
But it could also be looked at from the other end of the spectrum.
if one shuns, they say it is because one desires;
With scarcely a mumble of excuse, I fled.
If to be innocent is to be helpless, then I had been -- as are we all -- helpless at the start.
The innocence of which I speak is, I know, not incorruptible.
Yours, but not mine, was an age in which innocence was fostered and carefully -- if not perhaps altogether innocently -- preserved.
After he had finished the first two volumes of his Lincoln, Sandburg went to work assembling a book of songs out of hobo and childhood days and from the memory of songs others had taught him.
Even when he is called upon for impromptu remarks, he has notes written on the back of handy envelopes.
I found that this precocious, grown-up boy of 74 deserved to be taught.
Carl says it is the greatest poem ever written to the guitar because he has never heard of any other poem to that subtle instrument.
"He wanted Mr. Sandburg to pose with one of the guitars he had displayed behind glass in the center of his shop, but the poet eyed this somewhat distastefully.
Lewis remembered another newspaperman asking, "Carl, have your ideas changed any since you got all these comforts"?
"Ah, did you once see Shelley plain"?
Even now I will not intrude upon her except to state a few bare facts.
Some of the children of the family could not pronounce this name and called her Paula, a soubriquet Carl liked so much she has been Paula ever since.
Her mother was a good manager and established a millinery business in Milwaukee.
"I felt that I must devote myself to the'outside'world".
Carl, who was stationed in Appleton, Wisconsin, organizing for the Social Democrats, was in Berger's office and made it his business to escort Paula to the streetcar.
Certainly it is not necessary to repeat that the United States has no intention of interfering in the internal affairs of any nation;
In recent years America's partners and friends in Western Europe and Japan have made great economic progress.
the courage to meet every challenge;
This co-operation in this matter will provide both for the necessary sharing of this burden and in bringing about still further increases in mutually profitable trade.
Free world decisions in this matter may spell the difference between world disaster and world progress in freedom.
We face, indeed, what may be a turning point in history, and we must act decisively and wisely.
This is less than the length of a jet runway -- well within the circle of destruction.
Moreover, I have directed that steps be taken to program on a longer range basis our military assistance to these allies.
Using launch systems presently available, we are developing satellites to scout the world's weather;
A year ago, when I met with you, the nation was emerging from an economic downturn, even though the signs of resurgent prosperity were not then sufficiently convincing to the doubtful.
In the course of its inquiry, it took testimony from only seven witnesses.
In one of these he said were notes on the identities of the eighty-one refugees.
"Until this Hungarian Committee matter came up, Bang-Jensen was a fine and devoted individual.
Gross was behind a clean-top desk, only a manila folder before him.
We did our job, Mr. Stavropoulos and Mr. De Seynes and myself, taking evidence from a number of people".
"What do you mean"?
It was getting so that we, the Committee, were being tried.
The January fifteen report recommended that Bang-Jensen be instructed to burn the list -- the papers -- in the presence of a U.N. Security Officer".
He could have been blackmailed, or his family might have been threatened.
as I understand it, Mr. Hammarskjold wanted outside advice.
Gross reached in his desk and pulled out two newspaper clippings.
"The case was that Bang-Jensen came up to Shann claiming he had found further errors in the report.
He has felt terrible about all this.
from the home of his friend, Henrik Kauffmann, in Washington, D.C., Paul Bang-Jensen sent a telegram dated December 9, 1957, to Ernest Gross.
"We were requested by the Secretary General, as I understand it, to discuss with you such matters as appear to us to be relevant, and we are not of course either a formal group or a committee in the sense of being guided by any rules or regulations of the Secretariat.
"Everything tasted differently from what it does on land and those things I was most fond of at home, I loathed the most here", Ann noted.
She was more excited than frightened at the prospect of having her first child in a foreign land.
As warmer temperatures were encountered Ann and Harriet were introduced to the pleasures of bathing daily in salt water.
He had brought it along to continue during the voyage.
What would happen if Adoniram "changed horses in midstream"?
Ann thrilled to the sight of a delicate butterfly and two strange tropical birds.
Alas, to Ann's consternation, his language while thus employed left much to be desired.
They are situated in the midst of trees, which hang over them, and appear truly romantick.
At last they saw Calcutta, largest city of Bengal and the Caravan's destination.
The first act of Adoniram and Samuel on reaching Calcutta was to report at the police station, a necessity when landing in East India Company territory.
They despised foreigners.
The reasons for the Whig joy on this occasion are found to be their expectation of regaining control of the government, their delight at the prospect of a new war, their hopes of having the Tories hanged, and so on.
On this issue, then, as on so many in these months, Steele and Swift took rigidly opposed points of view.
Steele's main business here is to arouse public opinion to the immediate danger of a Stuart Restoration.
In the final issues of the Englishman, which ended just as the new session of Parliament began, he provided his enemies with still more ammunition.
The final issue of the Englishman, No. 57 for February 15, ran to some length and was printed as a separate pamphlet, entitled The Englishman: Being the Close of the Paper So-called.
It purports to be a letter from Steele to a friend at court, who, in Miss Blanchard's opinion, could only be meant as Swift.
He closes his "letter" by demanding that Dunkirk be demolished, that the Pretender be forced to move farther away from the coast of England, and that the Queen and the House of Hanover come to a better understanding.
On the very day that the parliamentary session began, another "Infamous Libel" appeared, entitled A Letter From The Facetious Dr. Andrew Tripe, At Bath, To The Venerable Nestor Ironside.
It purported to be a reasonably serious attempt at a treatment of jazz musicians, their aims, their problems -- the tug-of-war between the "pure" and the "commercial" -- and seemed a promising vehicle, for the two men shared a common interest in jazz.
both were obviously on the way to the Mercer home.
From his playmates in Savannah, Mercer had picked up, along with a soft Southern dialect, traces also of the Gullah dialects of Africa.
In 1927 his father's business collapsed, and, rather than go bankrupt, Mercer senior turned his firm over to a bank for liquidation.
But Mercer hung on, living, after a fashion, in a Greenwich Village fourth-flight walk-up.
For him Mercer produced the lyric to "Out Of Breath Scared To Death Of You", introduced in that most successful of all the Gaieties, by Sterling Holloway.
With the help of Ziggy Elman, also in the band, he transformed a traditional Jewish melody into a popular song, "And The Angels Sing".
His casual, dreamlike working methods, often as not in absentia, were an abrupt change from Harburg's, so that Arlen had to adjust again to another approach to collaboration.
"I couldn't write with them in the same room with me, but I could with Harold.
By September 1940 the Suite had developed into a collection of six songs, "four spirituals, a dream, and a lullaby".
Arthur Robinson traveled with the baseball clubs as staff correspondent for the American.
The artist-author said nothing, but stood to one side.
the Honorable Robert Wagner, Sr., at that time a justice of the New York Supreme Court, was on the reception committee.
Nor were his manners barbaric.
"He's a wrong-o", said Runyon, "and I wouldn't trust him as far as I could throw the Statue of Liberty".
One day he assigned me to lay bare a "plot" by the Duponts to supply munitions to a wholly fictitious revolution he said was about to occur in Cuba.
The Hetman had a strong liking for a story, any story which was to be had by means of much sleuthing or by roundabout methods.
"We are ready for your next mysterious assignment", said Mr. Baer to the Hetman.
He stood there staring with disbelief at the vacant desk.
One finds it difficult to pass censure on the lonely figure who waited for days for a saving word from his zealously served idol, W.R. Hearst.
Somehow I think that Watson paid more attention to me than he otherwise might have because his foe, Colonel Van Hamm, wouldn't touch me with a ten-foot blue pencil.
There was one time, however, when his face clouded and he suddenly blurted, "Why did my brother commit suicide"?
He brought her shawls.
It had a tiny envelope tied to its wrist.
That was Rob Roy, who posed with Mrs. Coolidge for the portrait by Howard Chandler Christy.
But to get back to the Coolidge household, Mrs. Coolidge so obviously loved dogs, that the public sent her more dogs -- Calamity Jane, Timmy, and Blackberry.
His signal was for the other dogs to come running, but it was also the signal for Mama and the other maids to watch out.
Mama was now the first maid to Mrs. Coolidge, because Catherine, the previous first maid, had become ill and died.
A new bill had been passed under Harding that designated the Government, rather than the President, as the tab-lifter for official meals.
The first royalty whom Mama ever waited on in the White House was Queen Marie of Rumania, who came to a State dinner given in her honor on October 21, 1926.
Mama had told her how Emmett's lungs had been affected when he was gassed in the war.
On the social side, the chore Mama had at the formal receptions at the White House thrilled her the most.
The Coolidges did not always live at the White House during the Presidency.
diversity of fact, yes.
General Grant may have been the victim of false information in the instance reported in this book;
These are personality factors;
What shall these effects be?
As a groundwork for the proposal I give some attention to the first task enumerated above, the clarification of goal.
We know that much is made of the multiplicity and ambiguity of the identities that cluster around the key symbol of the Jew.
It is not difficult to anticipate circumstances in which negative tensions will cumulate;
We are learning how to do these things in some of the vast organized structures of modern society;
Let us not confuse the issue by labeling the objective or the method "psychoanalytic", for this is a well established term of art for the specific ideas and procedures initiated by Sigmund Freud and his followers for the study and treatment of disordered personalities.
An advantage of being exposed to such specificity about an important and recurring feature of social reality is that it can be taken advantage of by the reader to examine covert as well as overt resonances within himself, resonances triggered by explicit symbols clustering around the central figure of the Jew.
The reader, observing this process, might ask "why not be different"?
both Flugel and Ranyard West deal with the development and nature of conscience, as do such theologians as Niebuhr and Buber.
Men seem almost universally to want a sense of function, that is, a feeling that their existence makes a difference to someone, living or unborn, close and immediate or generalized.
A third idea is that artistic literature serves to reduce emotional conflicts, giving a sense of serenity and calm to individuals.
In the wide range of experiences common to our earth-bound race none is more difficult to manage, more troublesome, and more enduring in its effects than the control of love and hate.
Anyone who has watched children develop a taste for literature will understand what I mean.
The limits are suggested by an imaginary experiment: contrast the perceptual skill of English professors with that of their colleagues in discriminating among motor cars, political candidates, or female beauty.
The late R. G. Collingwood, a philosopher whose work has proved helpful to many students of literature, once wrote ":
He will frequently return to it.
At this point a working definition of idea is in order, although our first definition will have to be qualified somewhat as we proceed.
Thus Burns's "My love is like a red, red rose" and Hopkins'"The thunder-purple sea-beach, plumed purple of Thunder" although clearly intelligible in content, hardly present ideas of the sort with which we are here concerned.
After all, Shelley is no "orthodox" or Hellenic Platonist, and even his "romantic" Platonism can be distinguished from that of his contemporaries.
This is what was meant, above, by describing history as inferential.
These moments are historical events in the lives of individual authors with which the student of comparative literature must be frequently concerned.
Here an important caveat is in order.
"Mr. Lane", Hearst said, "if you ever wish anything that I can do, all you will have to do will be to send me a telegram asking, and it will be done".
"The Attorney General has been brooding over that evidence like an old hen on a doorknob for eighteen months", Hearst said.
He might get votes from his constituents, but he would never get a helping hand in Congress.
Yet no leader had come to the fore who seemed likely to give the puissant T. R. a semblance of a race.
In a story headed, "Hearst Offers Cash", the Republican New York Tribune spread the money rumor, quoting an unnamed "Hearst supporter" as saying:
But his increasing strength in the West looked menacing.
"There's nothing like buildin'from the bottom up.
Another Indiana observer later commented, "Perhaps we shall never know how much was spent (by Hearst), but if as much money was expended elsewhere as in Indiana a liberal fortune was squandered".
Every letter answers itself in a couple of weeks".
The Hearst press followed the Chief's progress at the various state conventions with its usual admiring attention, stressing the "enthusiasm" and "loyalty" he inspired.
But the Garibaldi volumes were more than a romantic story.
The complexities of Venetian politics eluded him, but the story of the revolution itself is told in restrained measures, with no superfluous passages and only an occasional overemphasis of the part played by its leading figure.
Nineteenth-century virtues, however, seem somehow to have gone out of fashion and the Bright book has never been particularly popular.
For once his touch deserted him.
Finally, the period after 1870 receives little attention and that quite superficial.
Trevelyan's excursions into contemporary history were rarely happy ones.
By now he had become Regius Professor of Modern History at Cambridge and had been honored by the award of the Order of Merit.
His delightful picture of society and institutions is filled with warm detail that brings the period vividly to life.
Questions came to me from all sides about my world citizenship activities.
In fact, all persons were permitted to cross the Rhine into Kehl, there being no sentry posted on the west side of the river.
If one finger is raised against the authorities, all our moral power will vanish.
One of the uniformed officers stepped in my way, demanding to know whether I had permission to enter Germany.
"Line?
Now I learn I cannot enter Germany.
The Interior man looked uneasily at his French compatriot.
"It will be very cold".
One of the girl students, sitting by while I ate the thick soup, asked me if I had a sleeping bag.
I had advised friends to write me to "No Man's Land, Pont Kehl, Between Strasbourg and Kehl, France-Germany".
As it began raining at around eight o'clock on December 26th, I retired into my tent early, somewhat tired and discouraged, my body reacting sluggishly because of the continued exposure.
Later I learned that Sir Hugh Dalton had expressed a desire to see me, hence their trip to "No Man's Land".
"But of course, with pleasure", he replied.
Now come, Garry, we must go quickly.
Eight field guns were captured in position.
The dispatch must have been sent after sundown on September 1.
The measure of combat efficiency in an indecisive campaign is a matter of personal choice.
Lincoln was sure that he would not be re-elected.
Sherman had accomplished this much of his job and then inexplicably nullified it by his thirty-mile retreat from Lovejoy's to Atlanta.
Modern warfare was born in this campaign -- periscopes, camouflage, booby traps, land mines, extended order, trench raids, foxholes, armored cars, night attacks, flares, sharpshooters in trees, interlaced vines and treetops, which were the forerunners of barbed wire, trip wires to thwart a cavalry charge, which presaged the mine trap, and the general use of anesthetics.
Sherman could never be accused of sticking too long with the old.
Every recorded request by Thomas for a delay in a flank movement or an advance was to gain time to take care of his horses.
Sherman insisted that cavalry could not successfully break up hostile railways, yet Garrard's Covington raid and Rousseau's Opelika raid cut two-thirds of the rail lines he had to break and Sherman lived in mortal fear of what Forrest might do to his communications.
Johnston believed that Sherman put his naked engineers into the swimming parties to locate the various fords.
The result was that I found myself in the ridiculous position of having made a formal engagement by letter for the next week, only two days before my departure from London.
In any case, she told Thompson that she saw no reason why he might not see Katie again, "now that this frank explanation has been made & no one can misunderstand".
Katherine Douglas King" The invitation was accepted and other letters followed, in which she spoke of her concern for his health and her delight in seeing him so much at home among the crippled children she served.
O my genius, young and ripening, you would swear, -- when I wrote them;
If you don't think much of them, tell me the wholesome truth.
others suggest its coming loss or describe the poet's feelings when he learns of a final separation.
Their interest remains chiefly biographical, for they throw some light on the utter despair which overtook Thompson in the spring and early summer of 1900.
That he read some of the books assigned to him with a studied carefulness is evident from his notes, which are often so full that they provide an unquestionable basis for the identification of reviews that were printed without his signature.
Understanding, as he did, the difficulty of the art of poetry, and believing that the "only technical criticism worth having in poetry is that of poets", he felt obliged to insist upon his duty to be hard to please when it came to the review of a book of verse.
Potemkin was directing this conflict on three fronts: in the Caucasus;
At General Headquarters the newcomer in turn got to know others.
England contributed a young subaltern named Newton and the naval architect Samuel Bentham, brother to the economist, who for his colonel's commission was proving a godsend to the Russian fleet.
Lewis could let his eye caress The Prince's divan, covered with a rose-pink and silver Turkish cloth, or admire the lovely tapis, interwoven with gold, that spread across the floor.
When a lady chanced to soil a pair of evening slippers, Brigadier Bauer was dispatched to Paris for replacements.
He had a small mouth with deep furrows on either side, a large flat nose, and penetrating blue eyes.
Current status?
He kept several pet birds and liked cats well enough that if one crept by, he would mew at it in friendly fashion.
Potemkin -- as King Stanislas knew, and presently informed Littlepage -- looked on the Cossacks as geopolitical tools.
These illiterate boors conscripted from villages all across the Czarina's empire had, Suvorov may have told Lewis, just two things a commander could count on: physical fitness and personal courage.
At this moment Mando came hurrying up to announce that the problem was solved and all Norton had to do was to sign a sheaf of papers.
"All you have to do, Ilka dear, is to phone on your arrival.
I suppose the same emotion holds, if to a lesser degree, with any famous monument.
Probably every visitor has a favorite time for his first sight of it.
Another beautiful building is the Propylaea, the entrance gate of the Acropolis.
On the way out Mr. Sakellariadis detoured up a special hill from which one may obtain a matchless view of the Acropolis lighted by night.
The restaurant to which the Sakellariadises took us on this night of controversy was the Asteria, on Asteria beach.
This agreeable state of affairs is explicable, I think, on two counts.
Three beneficial hurdles to progress are the lack of water, electricity, and telephones.
How can a cat be thin in a fish restaurant?
"Let him become honest, and they discard him.
So persistent were these attacks that in March of the following year, Woodruff was finally moved to action, and Pike was to learn his first lesson in frontier politics, the subtle art of diversion.
he accused Pike of continuing his sticky-fingered career in Arkansas with the theft of some otter skins in Van Buren.
Preoccupied with his own defense and his attempts to get Robinson to fight, Pike lessened his attacks on Woodruff, and finally stopped them altogether.
This warm relationship came to an abrupt end in June of 1834 when the National Congress appropriated $3,000 for compiling and printing the laws of Arkansas Territory, and, taking note of the recent wave of corruption in the legislature, left it to the governor to award the contract.
As summer cooled into fall and winter, even so the relationship between the two men continued to grow colder by the day, and by December of 1834 it was icy.
As a consequence, he did neither.
After all, Pike was an established poet and his work had been published in the respectable periodicals of that center of American culture, Boston.
His artistic accomplishments guaranteed him entry into any social gathering.
Edward Rawson, secretary of the colony of Massachusetts Bay, described him as "a man whose spirit was stark drunk with blasphemies and insolence, a corrupter of the truth, a disturber of the peace wherever he comes".
He defied the Boston hierarchy, and after they sent a small army to get him he befuddled the court, including John Cotton, with one of the most complicated religious discourses ever heard.
The report was: "
When, in March, 1640, the two towns were united under Coddington, Gorton claimed the union was irregular and illegally constituted and that it had never been sanctioned by the majority of freeholders.
Since Rhode Island at that time did not have such sanction, his opinion was not popular.
As it was the custom of that alert colony to take over the property of persons asking for protection, this was an act roughly equivalent to throwing open the door to a pack of wolves and saying "Come and get it".
The purchasers rejected the order in two letters written in vigorous terms.
You may do well to take notice, that besides the title to land between the English and the Indians there, there are twelve of the English that have subscribed their names to horrible and detestable blasphemies, who are rather to be judged as blasphemous than they should delude us by winning time under pretence of arbitration".
The Boston elders were great at befuddling the opposition with torrents of ecclesiastical obscurities, but Gorton was better.
Who was the God whom he thinke we serve?
Getting out again, seeing old friends, had given his spirits a lift.
Dr. Glenn saw at once what had happened.
They had to take blood samples to the laboratory to test them, for one thing, and there was much required preliminary procedure.
He's past helping.
Beloved Dr. R. F. Campbell, our First Presbyterian Church pastor, was in charge.
Consequently, Fred and Tom, the two who had been provided college educations, signed statements to the effect that each had received his bequest in full, and Effie and I were each allotted $5000.
He had left us a legacy far more valuable than houses and lands and stocks and bonds.
But he had delayed accepting this job, and as he was leaving to come home to Papa in response to our telegram, he dropped a postcard to Miss McCrady, head of the Harvard Appointment Office, asking her please to write Northwestern authorities and explain the circumstances.
I think I'm right in that figure.
Tom never knew how to condense, to boil down.
Instead, he went down to New York and submitted Welcome To Our City to the Theatre Guild, which had asked him to let them have a look at it after Professor Baker had recommended it highly.
The man, Tom said, explained that it was not only too long and detailed but that as it stood it wasn't the sort of thing the public wanted.
This group in Park Place Church was made up of the earnest few.
At least I had been unable to lay hold on the experience of conversion.
and the doctrine of original sin is compounded of injustice.
There was one further step in my religious progress.
It is not the authority of God Himself which makes them true.
No one is to judge others".
An uncompromising belief in the moral law has the advantage of making religion natural, even as physical law is natural.
So far as "sacredness" inheres in any aspect of creation it seems to me to be found in human personality, whether in Lambarene, Africa, or in Washington, D.C.
With the knowledge that the kingdom comes by obedience to the moral law in our relations with all people, we have a firm intellectual grasp on both the means and the ends of our lives.
This was a profound statement.
Wonder grows.
Altogether, the list will give us considerable variety in attitudes and some typical ones, for these critics range all the way from censors to those who consider art above ethics, all the way from Plato to Poe.
All through The Republic, Plato attends to the way art relates to the general life and ultimately to a good life for his citizens.
True reality, of course, is the ideal, and the poet knows nothing of this;
His whole objection, indeed, seems to rise out of a deep conviction that the poets do have great power to influence, but Plato seldom pays any attention to what might be called the poem itself.
For this reason, he would banish indecent pictures and speeches from the stage;
Aristotle's method in the Poetics, then, does suggest that we should isolate the work.
And we can add that Krutch's interpretation of purgation is also one answer to Plato's fear that poetry will encourage our passions.
The most famous document that comes out of this dispute is perhaps Sir Philip Sidney's An Apologie For Poetrie, published in 1595.
But his opposition hardened and by 1579, in The School Of Abuse, he was ready to banish all "players".
In addition, the 1952 study collected comparable data from 4,585 students at ten other colleges and universities scattered across the country: Dartmouth, Harvard, Yale, Wesleyan, North Carolina, Fisk, Texas, University of California at Los Angeles, Wayne, and Michigan.
There is a clear relationship between their educational evaluations and their basic pattern of general values.
Occupational choices are also useful -- and interesting -- in bringing out clearly that values do not constitute the only component in goals and aspirations.
In their views on dating, courtship, sex, and family life, our students prefer what they are expected to prefer.
The students who are most willing to acquiesce in the suppression of civil liberties are also those who are most likely to be prejudiced against minority groups, to be conformist and traditionalistic in general social attitudes, and to lack a basic faith in people.
The interesting thing in this connection is that the norms upon which students tend to converge include toleration of diversity.
And it may be well to recall that to say "conformity" is, in part, another way of saying "orderly human society".
Still another segment of the student population consists of those who seek, in what they regard as religion, intellectual clarity, rational belief, and ethical guidance and reinforcement.
From New Jersey, Morgan hastened to the headquarters of Washington at Whitemarsh, Pennsylvania, arriving there on November 18th.
A few days later it was learned that General Howe was planning an attack upon the American camp.
The British, although suffering considerable losses, noted the defection of the Marylanders, made a stand, then turned and attacked Morgan who became greatly outnumbered and had to retire.
Morgan hotly denied this and informed the Board of War that the men in camp linked the name of Peters with the plot against Washington.
For example, he captured some persons from York County, who with teams were taking to Philadelphia the furniture of a man who had just been released from prison through the efforts of his wife, and who apparently was helpless to prevent the theft of his household goods.
But Morgan did not leave before he had written a letter to a William Pickman in Salem, Massachusetts, apparently an acquaintance, praising Washington and saying that the slanders propagated about him were "opposed by the general current of the people to exalt General Gates at the expense of General Washington was injurious to the latter.
On May 6th, Morgan, who had returned, received from Washington orders to "send out patrols under vigilant officers" to keep near the enemy.
Colonel Benjamin Ford wrote to Morgan from Wilmington that he understood a Mrs. Sanderson from Maryland had obtained permission from Smallwood to visit Philadelphia, and would return on May 26th, escorted by several officers from Maryland "belonging to the new levies in the British service".
the pope was playing a dangerous game, with so many balls in the air at once that a misstep would bring them all about his ears, and his only hope was to temporize so that he could take advantage of every change in the delicate balance of European affairs.
This was Boniface's monumental tactlessness.
Do you want to drive the king of England from all his overseas possessions"?
But although in many of these discussions Othon and Amadee might have been tempted to consider their own interests as well as those of the king, Edward's confidence in them was so absolute that they were made the acknowledged leaders of the embassy.
These chatty merchants made amusing and instructive traveling companions, for their business took them to all four corners of the globe, and Florentine gossip had already reached a high stage of development as even a cursory glance at the Inferno will prove.
They had my mother's opinion of him: that he was too sharp or a little too good to be true.
They were like two strangers.
Alfred began to put his affairs in order, and he went about it like a man putting his things into storage.
the nearest one was forty miles away in Kingston.
There was a finality in the rhythm of the prayer -- it was the end of a life, the end of hope, and the wondering if there would ever be another beginning.
Alfred looked straight ahead.
The jug stayed at the hospital and the water -- what can happen to water?
So Meltzer learned a new trade from Banks, who supplied the town and the hotels with meat.
Her brother Karl was a very gentle soul, her mother was a quiet woman who said little but who had hard, probing eyes.
When the work was finished, we would walk.
It was unexpected, unexpected because Lilly walked with her head bent down, down, and her mark of friendship was to look into your face.
Later, when I was older, I found the song was part of Schubert's Die Schone Mullerin.
Place-names, in fact, had been extensively utilized for this purpose from the time of Camden onwards.
Charles Plummer in the introduction and notes to his splendid edition of Bede voiced some early doubts concerning the "elaborate superstructure" they raised up over the slim foundations afforded by the traditional narratives of the conquest.
Most now admit that Bede, Gildas, Nennius and The Anglo-Saxon Chronicles cannot be the infallible guides to early English history that Guest, Freeman and Green thought them to be.
They, however much they were in disagreement with the late Victorians over the method by which Britain was Germanized, agreed with them that the end result was the complete extinction of the previous Celtic population and civilization.
They, in effect, have compromised the opposing positions of the nineteenth century.
Moreover, they have done so in rather special circumstances.
We must, therefore, have a look at the new archaeological material and re-examine the literary and place-name evidence which bears upon the problem.
In Gaul the Saxon element on its Saxon Shore was plainly visible because there the Saxons were an intrusive element in the population.
Wood took the proposal to Chief of Staff Hugh L. Scott, who passed it on to Baker a month before the actual declaration of war against Germany.
Even so, the Draft Act encountered rough sledding in its progress through the Congress.
On July 20, the first drawing of numbers occurred in the Senate Office Building before a distinguished group of congressmen and high Army officers.
a typical cantonment in the North had twelve hundred buildings, an electric-sewer-water system, and twenty-five miles of roads.
The world-wide total of deaths from "Spanish flu" was around twenty million;
His assignment was not a new one because Baker had sent him to the Mexican border in 1916 to investigate lurid newspaper stories about lack of discipline, drunkenness, and venereal disease in American military camps.
Both knew that when trains stopped at Texan crossroads bored soldiers would sometimes enter to ask the passengers if they had any reading material to spare, even a newspaper.
Affirmatively Baker worked on the premise that "young men spontaneously prefer to be decent, and that opportunities for wholesome recreation are the best possible cure for irregularities in conduct which arise from idleness and the baser temptations".
But we abide by their insight.
Oedipus and Lear attain similar insights by virtue of similar blindness.
It is only then that the ancient habits of feeling and the classic orderings of material and psychological experience were abandoned.
But it can no longer be so once Benjamin Franklin (the incarnation of the new rational man) has flown a kite to it.
From it, spokes of order and degree led to the outward rim of the common man.
Princes and factions clashed in the open street and died on the open scaffold.
I have said before how difficult it is to make any precise statements with regard to the character of the Greek and Elizabethan public.
I refer to the notion that the structure of society is a microcosm of the cosmic design and that history conforms to patterns of justice and chastisement as if it were a morality play set in motion by the gods for our instruction.
And their chroniclers are not the dramatic poets but the prose novelists.
His Italian journey was a poet's version of those perennial thrusts across the Alps of the German emperors of the Middle Ages.
It is thus that the brightness of Helen passes through Marlowe's Faustus.
His son Thomas, aged fifteen when he entered Oxford in 1582, married as his first wife Margaret, sister of Sir Edward Greville.
In his letter mentioning Shakespeare on January 24, 1597/8, Sturley asked Quiney especially that "theare might (be) bi Sir Ed. Grev. some meanes made to the Knightes of the Parliament for an ease and discharge of such taxes and subsedies wherewith our towne is like to be charged, and I assure u I am in great feare and doubte bi no meanes hable to paie.
This refers to what had happened after the Earl of Warwick died in 1590, when the town petitioned Burghley for the right to name the vicar and schoolmaster and other privileges but Greville bought the lordship for himself.
William Parsons and William Walford, drapers, asked Quiney to see to business matters in London.
The chancellor of the Exchequer wrote on the petition: "in myn opinion it is very resonable and conscionable for hir maiestie to graunt in relief of this towne twise afflicted and almost wasted by fire".
During 1598 and 1599 he made "manye Guiftes of myne owne provision bestowed uppon Cowrtiers & others for the better effectinge of our suites in hande".
Asked by the townsmen to cease his suit, Greville had answered that "hytt shulde coste hym 500 first & sayed it must be tried ether before my Lorde Anderson in the countrey or his uncle Ffortescue in the exchequer with whom he colde more prevaile then we".
A court may strike down a law on the basis of an intuitive feeling that the law is inimical to the numerical majority.
In fact, if judgments are to be rendered upon the soundness of his historicism, they must be based on scanty evidence.
Conversely, if statistics were uncovered which contradicted a cherished theory, the sources were denounced as faulty.
Brooks Adams preferred the chronicles of Froissart or the style and theorizing of Edward Gibbon, for at least they took a stand on the issues about which they wrote.
He cites the French Revolution as typifying this rigidity but makes no mention of the Italians, who have been able to adapt to all types of circumstances.
Moreover, he believed that most professional historians lacked some of the essential instruments for a proper study of history.
he simply did not believe that a Creator intervened or interfered in human affairs.
To keep themselves entrenched in power, the priests were forced to demonstrate their unique status through the miracle.
These basic ideas concerning the nature of religion were, Adams believed, some of the major keys to the understanding of history and the movement of society.
Victor had been stirred by my account of him in Makers And Finders, for Stephens was one of the lost writers whom Melville had seen in his childhood and whom I was bent on resurrecting.
He said he was a friend of Heywood Broun who had run a free employment bureau for several months during the depression, but the generous Broun to whom I wrote did not know his name and I somehow conceived the morbid notion that the man in question was prowling round the house.
To the Weston house came once William Allen Neilson, the president of Smith College who had been one of my old professors and who still called me "Boy" when I was sixty.
Two or three times, C. C. Burlingham came to lunch with us in Weston, that wonderful man who lived to be more than a hundred years old and whose birthplace had been my Wall Street suburb.
I had to confess that I had missed these frescoes, recently discovered, that he had studied in his eighties.
And his memory, like an elephant's, stored with precise knowledge of men and things and happenings".
I should have replied, "I probably know something about the best part of you".
Or nearly.
"This whole Washington venture was my last gesture, and it has failed.
He had been, he wrote Mencken at once, "in the country", a euphemism for an experience that had not greatly changed him.
He telephoned L. M. Birkhead and asked him and his wife to come to Europe as his guests, but Birkhead declined on the grounds that one of them must be in the United States when Elmer Gantry was published.
As they stood at the first-class rail, waving down to his wife and Casanova below, Lewis said, "Earl, there is Gracie's future husband".
The Manchester Guardian wondered how anyone in a railway carriage would have an opportunity to talk to Mr. Lewis, since it was well known that Mr. Lewis always did all of the talking.
With these and similar tales he was entertaining his English friends, all of whom he was seeing when he was not showing Blackman the sights of London and its environs.
"And from now on, for the rest of this trip, I will only drink what you agree that I should drink".
He began the dialogue by having his wife announce that one does not invade people's homes without warning them that one is coming, and went on from that with the entire catalogue of his social gaucheries.
The fourth name was (John) Milton of Christ's College, followed by (Richard) Manningham of Peterhouse, who matriculated 16 October 1624.
Then the various officers of the college might take up the case.
He had also sampled various special fields of learning, being unable to miss some study of divinity, Justinian (law), and Galen (medicine).
His other activities are not so easily recovered.
The country about Cambridge is flat and not particularly spectacular in its scenery, though it offers easy going to the foot traveler.
In short, the traditional epithet for Milton of'Lady of Christ's', while eminently fitting, rests only on this baffling passage in the midst of the most treacherous piece of writing Milton left us.
But the real beginnings of this development in him go back to the opposing of grammar school, and probably if it had not been this occasion and these Latin lines it would have been some others, such as the first prolusion, that set off this streak in him of unbridled and scathing verbal attack on an enemy.
Perhaps, in that short piece or letter written to Hartlib in which he sketched his scheme for educating young men, he merely overlooked that phase of their exercises.
Mankind, as a result, attains previously undreamed of levels of civilization and culture, a golden age which the Overlords, a very evident symbol of science, have helped produce by introducing reason and the scientific method into human activities.
Clifford D. Simak's "How-2" (1954) tells of a future when robots have taken over, leaving men nothing to do;
Nevertheless, with all these qualifications and exceptions, the current dystopian phenomenon remains impressive for its criticism that science and technology, instead of bringing utopia, may well enslave, dehumanize, and even destroy men.
What is wrong with advertising is not only that it is an "outrage, an assault on people's mental privacy" or that it is a major cause for a wasteful economy of abundance or that it contains a coercive tendency (which is closer to the point).
Thus the copywriter in the world of the space merchants is the person who in earlier ages might have been a lyric poet, the person "capable of putting together words that stir and move and sing".
"Young for his age" means only the presence of some minor characteristic not quite usual.
Similarly the optimism of age protests too much.
Even to be "from hope and fear set free" is at least better than to have lost the first without having got rid of the second.
I have changed and I have reversed opinions;
Several times in my youth I voted the Socialist ticket, but less because I was Socialist than because I was not either a Republican or a Democrat, and I voted for Franklin Roosevelt every time he was a candidate.
He asked me suddenly, "What are your political opinions"?
I know that one must act.
All you have to do is put in a fresh lamb from time to time".
In fact I cannot imagine myself condemning a man to the noose or the electric chair if I had to take, as an individual, the responsibility for his death.
The work as it stands is not the entire book that Malraux wrote at that time -- it is only the first section of a three-part novel called La Lutte avec l'Ange;
and has then gone on to argue, with unimpeachable consistency, that all the obviously non-propagandistic aspects of the book are simply inadvertent "contradictions".
But while war still serves as a catalyst for the values that Malraux wishes to express, these values are no longer linked with the triumph or defeat of any cause -- whether that of an individual assertion of the will-to-power, or a collective attempt to escape from the humiliation of oppression -- as their necessary condition.
For as his companions gradually dissolve back into a state of primitive confrontation with elemental necessity, as they lose all the appanage of their acquired culture, he is overcome by the feeling that he is at last being confronted with the essence of mankind.
The narrator feels himself catching a glimpse of pre-history, learning of man's "age-old familiarity with misfortune", as well as his "equally age-old ingenuity, his secret faith in endurance, however crammed with catastrophes, the same faith perhaps as the cave-men used to have in the face of famine".
"He was not much older than myself," writes the narrator, "when he began to feel the impact of that human mystery which now obsesses me, and which makes me begin, perhaps, to understand him".
Trains whistling in the night, the rattle and clatter of cabs.
In a pessimistic assessment of the cold war, Eden declared: "There must be much closer unity within the West before there can be effective negotiation with the East".
The excesses of nationalism had brought down upon Europe a generation of tyranny and war, and a return to the old order of things seemed unthinkable.
The United States might well have exploited the opportunity provided by the European Recovery Program to push the hesitant European nations toward political federation as well as economic cooperation, but all proposals to this effect were rejected by the United States Government at the time.
The United States and Canada belong only to NATO and the new O.E.C.D.
"NATO cannot live on fear alone.
Underlying these hopes and prescriptions is a conviction that the nations of the North Atlantic area do indeed form a community, at least a potential community.
Only when a concert of nations rests on the positive foundations of shared goals and values is it likely to form a viable instrument of long-range policy.
Our problem, therefore, is to devise processes more modest in their aspirations, adjusted to the real world of sovereign nation states and diverse and hostile communities.
But a powerful sense of community, even with little or no machinery, means a great deal.
But the best known exploiters of the new medium are Kenneth Rexroth and Kenneth Patchen.
From the beginning of his career, Patchen has adopted an anti-intellectual approach to poetry.
Actually Heaven and the Dark Kingdom overlap;
Speaking in terms of sociological stereotype, the "private eye" might appeal to the poet in search of a myth for many reasons.
He has, like so many other secular and religious culture symbols, gone over to the side of the ruling classes.
he usually draws some kind of comparison with the jazz tradition and the poem he is reading -- for instance, he draws the parallel between a poem he reads about an Oriental courtesan waiting for the man she loves, and who never comes, and the old blues chants of Ma Rainy and other Negro singers -- but usually the comparison is specious.
While he is worldly, the musician often cultivates public attitudes of childlike astonishment and naivete.
His revolutionary anger is apparent in most of his early poems.
"I went to the city And there I did Weep, Men a-crowing like asses, And living like sheep.
In many of his poems, death comes by train: a strongly evocative visual image.
But I've got news for Krim: he's not typical, he's pretty special.
And they traveled out of New York.
the combination of the Jewish intellectual tradition and the sensibility needed to be a writer created in my circle the most potent and incredible intellectual-literary ambition I have ever seen or could ever have imagined.
In their stupidity and arrogance they believe they are called upon to remind the gentile continually of pogroms and ghettos.
He moved in a "highly intellectual" group in Greenwich Village in the late forties, becoming "internationalized" overnight.
Qui s'excuse s'accuse, as the French Jewish intellectuals used to say.
), George Jean Nathan and Alexander Woollcott were honored in odd quarters, and the whole Booth Tarkington, Willa Catheter (sic),) Pearl, Buck, Amy Lowell, William Lyon Phelps atmosphere lay thick as Los Angeles smog
It is a fact of life that magazines are edited by groups: they have to be or they wouldn't be published at all.
The highly intellectual minds that Krim says he encountered, in the Village did their work in spite of, not because of, any Village atmosphere.
My "touchstones, had, been strictly" literature and, humanly enough, American literature (because that was what I wanted to write).
They laughed and, true to national form and manners, never talked long or solemnly on any subject at all, but some of them worried out loud about short memories and ghosts.
It was going to be hard going all the way because he hadn't written seriously for a while, except for a few stories, was tired of the old method of realismo he had so successfully used in The Sky Is Red.
Rimanelli is tough and square-built and adventurous, says what he thinks.
Now the park is filled with marble busts and all the streets in the immediate area have the full and proper names of the men who fell.
He had made an assault once with 180 men.
"I am not familiar with the expression".
Therefore the government wanted no part of him.
She also mentioned leaving a little bunch of flowers at the bust of Lauro Di Bosis.
He really didn't know how to fly.
It is an ugly business and there are few, if any, wreaths for them.
The English lady wanted to pay tribute to Garibaldi and to Lauro Di Bosis, but she wasn't going to be here to do it.
I also had and have feelings about Garibaldi.
The Office of Business Economics (OBE) of the U.S. Department of Commerce provides basic measures of the national economy and current analysis of short-run changes in the economic situation and business outlook.
Small business management
Production specialists in SBA regional offices are available to help individual small business concerns with technical production problems.
Production specialists are available in SBA regional offices to help individual small business concerns with technical production problems.
When suitable equipment is located by the SBA representative, the small business concern is contacted and advised on when, where, and how to bid on such property.
Boston, Mass.;
Philadelphia, Pa.;
Loans
SBA business loans are of two types: "participation" and "direct".
Loan amount
Dallas, Tex.;
and Seattle, Wash.
As a source of investment capital, the system is beneficial to local communities and encourages the development of industries in rural areas.
Contact
The applicant pays the rest of the cost, but his own time spent on the work and charges for the use of equipment which he owns may be applied toward his share of the cost.
Only a very few of the more advanced ones, such as India and Pakistan, have developed systematic techniques of programing.
Third, we can offer technical help in the formulation of programs for development which are adapted to the country's objectives and resources.
In the more primitive areas, where the capacity to absorb and utilize external assistance is limited, some activities may be of such obvious priority that we may decide to support them before a well worked out program is available.
It is vitally important that the new U.S. aid program should encourage all of them, since the main thrust for development must come from the less developed countries themselves.
2.
For both economic and political reasons all segments of the population must be able to share in the growth of a country.
The United States can use its aid as an incentive to self-help by responding with aid on a sustained basis, tailored to priority needs, to those countries making serious efforts in self-help.
.
.
The specific reasons for a long-term approach
or a skilled labor force is trained before there are plants available in which they can be employed.
If the less developed countries are to be persuaded to adopt a long-term approach, the United States, as the principal supplier of external aid, must be prepared to give long-term commitments.
General leave to extend
I purposely refrained from adding the usual distinction of saying that he was from the State of Texas.
In my short period here I believe that at no time has he been otherwise than the most popular man on both sides of the aisle.
He has become in this half century the grand old man of American history.
There is no such thing as being diligent about national affairs but indifferent about home needs.
But this we know: Here is a great life that in every area of American politics gives the American people occasion for pride and that has invested the democratic process with the most decent qualities of honor, decency, and self-respect.
Speaker Rayburn has not limited his leadership as a statesman to his direction of the House in the Speaker's chair.
Others may speak of Speaker Rayburn's uniquely long and devoted service;
At least one state vehicle was in existence in 1917.
Meaningful policies include: (A) kinds of cars the state should own, (B) when cars should be traded, (C) the need and assignment of vehicles, (D) use of cars in lieu of mileage allowances, (E) employees taking cars home, and (F) need for liability insurance on state automobiles.
Unsuccessful efforts have been made to replace high mileage allowances with state automobiles.
Twenty-six states operate a central motor pool for acquisition, allocation and/or maintenance of state-owned vehicles.
Rhode Island's rate of $.07 per mile is considerably lower than reimburseable rates in the federal government and in industry nationally which approximate a $.09 per mile average.
Travel allowances are well-regulated and pose little problem in administration and/or audit control.
Using privately-owned vehicles was a personal hardship for such employees, and the matter of providing state transportation was felt perfectly justifiable.
History and operation of the motor pool.
It was organizationally the responsibility of the Department of Public Works and was financed on a rotary fund basis with each agency of government contributing to the pool's operation.
(Note: So far as State Police cars are concerned, only their replacement is under this division).
In 1959-60, vehicles averaged an operating cost of $.027 per mile.
Bids are evaluated by the Division of Purchases with the assistance of pool staff, and awards for the purchase of the automobiles are made to the lowest responsible bidders.
The more meaningful policies have been left to the judgment of the chief administrative officer of the state -- the Director of Administration.
Notwithstanding state aid, the local governments are continuing to seek additional revenue of their own by strengthening the property tax.
In defining personal property, it specifically mentions "all ships or vessels, at home or abroad".
Middletown bases its claim on the general provision of the law that "all rateable property, both tangible and intangible, shall be taxed to the owner thereof in the town in which such owner shall have had his actual place of abode for the larger portion of the twelve (12) months next preceding the first day of April in each year".
The Institute of Public Administration, in its report to the State Fiscal Study Commission in 1959, recommended "consolidating and centralizing all aspects of property tax administration in a single state agency professionally organized and equipped for the job".
In two cases, airplanes only were indicated.
On this point there was fairly general agreement that assessors would like to do more than they are doing now.
taxing of boats.
No one really knows how many boats there actually are or what their aggregate value may be.
Leading firms that arranged their own financing included Speidel Corporation, Cornell-Dubilier, Photek, Inc. Division of Textron, Narragansett Gray Iron Foundry, W. R. Cobb Company, and Mays Manufacturing Company.
In addition, the Office's domestic trade program provided consultant services to those seeking information on establishment of new businesses;
Our media advertising continued, during 1960, its previous effective program that stressed such specifics as 100% financing, plant availabilities, and location advantages.
Two hundred and nineteen were received from 35 of our 50 United States and 11 came from foreign countries.
During 1960, two important conferences were organized by the Development Council's Industrial Division.
Devoted to the improvement in business climate and increase in industrial construction in Rhode Island, it has proved a valuable mailing piece for this Division.
Two years ago, the Institute of Public Administration issued an extremely comprehensive report entitled "State-Local Relations In Metropolitan Rhode Island.
(4)
In preparing the state guide plan, particular attention will be given means of strengthening the economy of the state through the development of industry and recreation.
Since accurate base maps are necessary for any planning program, the first step taken by the planning division to implement the long-range state plan has been to prepare two series of base maps -- one at a scale of 1 inch to a mile, and the second a series of 26 sheets at a scale of 1 inch to 2000 feet, covering the entire state.
The collection of information is meaningless unless it is understood and used for a definite purpose.
comparative data.
In eight states whose fiscal years close on June 30, a majority of their cities close their fiscal year on December 31:
However, only Illinois, Oregon, Louisiana and Rhode Island have a situation in which the sundry units of government vary widely in relation to fiscal uniformity.
The uniform fiscal year promotes more careful budgeting and strengthens control over expenditures.
When towns have the same fiscal year it is relatively easy to make meaningful comparisons;
It should be noted that there are other and equally important reasons for establishing meaningful intergovernmental reporting bases on a uniform fiscal year.
the other, is how to finance the transition.
Adjusting the fiscal calendars
Plans vary from the "talking stage" to establishing special committees to accomplish this end.
One town and one city, Coventry and East Providence, require an adjustment of their fiscal year only.
In that both cities end their fiscal years on September 30, they could levy taxes for an interim period of nine months, commencing with September 30 and ending with June 30.
Methods of financing adjustments
each situation must be studied and a plan developed that takes into consideration such factors as the effect of the existing and prospective tax calendars, the financial condition of the treasuries, and the length of the transition interval.
and now, therefore, do I, John A. Notte, Jr., governor of the State of Rhode Island and Providence Plantations, proclaim the week of april 29th to may 7th, 1961, as Rhode Island Heritage Week, advising our citizens that throughout this week many historic houses and beautiful gardens will be open to visitors as well as industrial plants, craft shops, museums and libraries and I earnestly urge all to take advantage of these opportunities to see as many of these places as they can during this outstanding week.
It is the purpose of Armed Forces Day to give Americans an opportunity to honor men of the Armed Forces, those who have made the supreme sacrifice, those who remain to preserve our security.
The Merchant Marine is the "Fourth Arm of Defense", for a strong and effective American Merchant Marine is essential to the economy and security of our Nation.
Proceeds realized from these pageants are used by the Jaycees to help support their various youth, health, welfare and community betterment activities throughout the state.
The world desperately needs the United Nations.
Dances alternated with sung or spoken verses.
They had been through trying times, but their faith in the Almighty had given them the courage and the strength to meet and overcome the many problems and difficulties that were the price they had to pay for freedom.
now, therefore, do I, John A. Notte, Jr., governor of the State of Rhode Island and Providence Plantations, proclaim Thursday, November 23rd, 1961, as Thanksgiving Day,
conduct, encourage, and promote fundamental scientific research and basic studies to develop the best and most economical processes and methods for converting saline water into water suitable for beneficial consumptive purposes;
In carrying out his functions under Section 2 of this Act, the Secretary may -- (A)
(F)
and (K)
(A)
There are authorized to be appropriated such sums, to remain available until expended, as may be necessary, but not more than $75,000,000 in all, (A) to carry out the provisions of this Act during the fiscal years 1962 to 1967, inclusive;
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, That the Secretary of the Interior is hereby authorized and directed to make or cause to be made a study covering -- (1)
(5)
and (2)
(B)
3.
Research:
There has been an increase in cooperative research with other Federal agencies and civilian institutions.
In addition to maintaining a permanent central file of illustrations of diseases, wounds, and injuries of military importance, it provides facilities for clinical photography, photomicrography, and medical arts, and operates a printing plant, by permission of Congressional Committee, for publication of an "Atlas of Tumor Pathology".
4.
Illustrations were prepared for 11 Department of the Army manuals and one Graphic Training Aid.
During the period of this report, 37,470 new cases were entered into the various registries.
In fiscal year 1959, the Medical Museum was moved to Chase Hall, a temporary building on Independence Avenue at Ninth Street, Southwest, and continued to display to the public the achievements of the Armed Forces Medical Services.
Three hundred five copies of the Manual Of Macropathological Techniques were distributed.
Estimated annual savings resulting from publication of the Journal and Bulletin on a triservice basis, as compared with the cost of producing separate periodicals for each service, were between $65,000 and $70,000.
Replacing the discontinued Medical Technicians Bulletin, publication of which was suspended with the November-December 1959 issue, a section called "Technical Notes" was inaugurated on a bimonthly basis beginning with the April 1960 issue.
In one of these, an exploding-wire device to study systems thermodynamically up to 6,000 Af and 100 atmospheres pressure, a major goal was achieved.
The opening action is obtained when a capacitor, charged to high voltage, is suddenly discharged through the foil.
in interstellar gas, concentrations as low as Af molecules per Af may be sufficient, as compared to the Af hydrogen atom's Af required for detection of the 21-cm line.
extraterrestrial observations have yet to be reported.
Resistance thermometers.
A hydrostatic head correction has been neither necessary nor applicable in the determination of vapor pressures or temperatures for the bulk liquid helium.
Spherical concave backing surfaces support the diaphragm when excessive pressures are applied and prevent the stresses within the diaphragm from exceeding the elastic limit.
As a first step toward this goal, arrangements were worked out for comparing the scales now in use through circulation of a group of standard platinum resistance thermometers for calibration by each national laboratory.
In addition to the basic programs in wavelength standards, spectroscopy, solid state physics, interactions of the free electron and atomic constants which are necessary to provide the foundation for technological progress, the Bureau has strengthened its activities in laboratory astrophysics.
A study of the hydrogen line profiles indicates that a measurement of these profiles can be used to calculate a temperature for the arc plasma that is reliable to about Af percent.
In connection with any claim decided by the Commission pursuant to this Title in which an award is made, the Commission may, upon the written request of the claimant or any attorney heretofore or hereafter employed by such claimant, determine and apportion the just and reasonable attorney's fees for services rendered with respect to such claim, but the total amount of the fees so determined in any case shall not exceed 10 per centum of the total amount paid pursuant to the award.
The Commission shall notify all claimants of the approval or denial of their claims, stating the reasons and grounds therefor, and if approved, shall notify such claimants of the amount for which such claims are approved.
The Commission shall certify to the Secretary of State, upon his request, copies of the formal submissions of claims filed pursuant to subsection (B) of Section 4 of this Act for transmission to the foreign government concerned.
All amounts so deducted shall be covered into the Treasury to the credit of miscellaneous receipts.
and (5)
There are hereby created in the Treasury of the United States (1) a special fund to be known as the Yugoslav Claims Fund;
The Secretary of the Treasury is authorized and directed out of the sums covered into any of the funds pursuant to subsection (B) of this section, and after making the deduction provided for in Section 7 (B) of this Title -- (1)
(D)
There have been a number of sound plans proposed.
The freight traffic most susceptible to raiding by the C. & O. - B. & O. provides the backbone of Central's revenues.
The logic of creating a strong, balanced, competitive two-system railroad service in the East is so obvious that B. & O. was publicly committed to the approach outlined here.
We must ask ourselves which of the two alternatives will help the commuter -- the two-way B. & O. - C. & O. merger, or the three-way New York Central - B. & O. - C. & O. merger.
I should like at this time, Mr. Speaker, to pay warm tribute to Arthur Hays Sulzberger and Charles Merz on the occasion of their retirement from distinguished careers in American journalism.
Somehow, the pictures and stories of Soviet T-34 tanks on Cuban beaches and Russian Mig jet fighters strafing rebel troops has brought home to all of us the stark, blunt truth of what it means to have a Russian military base 90 miles away from home.
Personally, I think we ought to set up an immediate naval blockade of Cuba.
In it they see a way to isolate Cuba, stop infiltration, maybe finish Castro, too.
It is the strategy of blockade, therefore, that is suddenly at the center of attention of administration officials, Members of Congress, officers in the Pentagon.
Three requirements go with a blockade: It must be proclaimed;
Primary target would be shipments of tanks, guns, aviation gasoline and ammunition coming from Russia and Czechoslovakia.
To assist the States, therefore, in rehabilitating handicapped individuals, "so that they may prepare for and engage in remunerative employment to the extent of their capabilities", the 83rd Congress enacted the Vocational Rehabilitation Amendments of 1954 (P. L. 565).
Subsequent sections on grants describe the other categories of the grant structure.
The method used in computing the allotments is specifically set forth in the Act.
Determine the ratio of 50% to the average per capita income of the U. S. (Divide 50 by the result obtained in item 2 above.
except that no State shall have an allotment percentage less than 33-1/3% nor more than 75%.
) 9.
Determine if the particular State's unadjusted allotment (result obtained in item 11 above) is greater than its maximum allotment, and if so lower its unadjusted allotment to its maximum allotment.
Funds allotted in addition to their minimum allotment are apportioned to the two agencies as they may determine.
The provisions for determining a State's unadjusted Federal share are designed to reflect the varying financial resources among the States.
Determine the average per capita income for the United States for the last three years.
By law this is 70% for the Virgin Islands, Guam and Puerto Rico.
(For details see inset, fig. 5.
(See fig. 7.
Aboveground double-wall shelter
An alternate roof, perhaps more within do-it-yourself reach, could be constructed of heavy wooden roof beams, overlaid with boards and waterproofing.
A contractor probably would be required to help build it.
The same shelter could be built into an embankment or below ground level.
Radio reception.
A blower is essential for the double-wall shelter and for the underground shelters.
A flashlight or electric lantern also should be available for those periods when a brighter light is needed.
Living in a shelter
It will tell you as soon as possible:
To break the monotony it may be necessary to invent tasks that will keep the family busy.
After the family has settled in the shelter, the housekeeping rules should be spelled out by the adult in charge.
Warm clothing and bedding, of course, are essential.
A belowground basement can cut the fallout radiation to one-tenth of the outside level.
The problem for the city apartment dweller is primarily to plan the use of existing space.
353 U. S., at 605.
"
and that competition for this share of the market was endangered by the financial relationship between the two concerns: "
353 U. S., at 607-608.
No previous antitrust case, he said, had involved interests of such magnitude or presented such complex problems of relief.
and General Motors and Du Pont were to be ordered to terminate any agreement that provided for the purchase by General Motors of any specified percentage of its requirements of any Du Pont manufactured product, or for the grant of exclusive patent rights, or for a grant by General Motors to Du Pont of a preferential right to make or sell any chemical discovery of General Motors, or for the maintenance of any joint commercial enterprise by the two companies.
Du Pont would be enjoined from having as a director, officer, or employee anyone who was simultaneously an officer or employee of General Motors, and no director, officer, or employee of Du Pont could serve as a director of General Motors without court approval.
Both plans also prohibited common directors, officers, or employees between Du Pont, Christiana, and Delaware, on the one hand, and General Motors on the other.
Petitioner, who claims to be a conscientious objector, was convicted of violating 12a of the Universal Military Training and Service Act by refusing to be inducted into the armed forces.
Petitioner was not entitled to have the hearing officer's notes and report, especially since he failed to show any particular need for them and he did have a copy of the Department of Justice's recommendation to the appeal board.
Petitioner, who claims to be a conscientious objector, contends that he was denied due process, both in the proceedings before a hearing officer of the Department of Justice and at trial.
His answers to the classification questionnaire reflected that he was a minister of Jehovah's Witnesses, employed at night by a sugar producer.
He was not prosecuted, however, and his case was subsequently reopened, in the light of Sicurella v. United States, 348 U.S. 385 (1955).
The appeal board, however, unanimously concurred in the Department's recommendation.
We found in Gonzales v. United States, supra, that this was the controlling reason why copies of the recommendation should be furnished a registrant.
He alleged no specific procedural errors or evidence withheld;
Hence the petitioner had full opportunity to traverse the only conclusions of the Department on file with the Board.
Even now no such claim is asserted.
We cannot regard foreign policy as something left over after defense policy or trade policy or fiscal policy has been extracted.
Unless we keep our eyes on the horizon ahead, we shall fail to bring ourselves on target with the present.
The responsibility for taking the initiative in generating ideas is that of every officer in the Department who has a policy function, regardless of rank.
He is expected to know about what is going on among the representatives of other agencies who are stationed in his country.
His first thought is about the question itself: Is there a question here for American foreign policy, and, if so, what is it?
He must think about which of these principles must take precedence.
If action is indicated, what kind of action is relevant to the problem?
And, given probable public attitudes -- about which reasonably good estimates can be made -- what action is called for to insure necessary support?
The problem in the policy officer's mind thus begins to take shape as a galaxy of utterly complicated factors -- political, military, economic, financial, legal, legislative, procedural, administrative -- to be sorted out and handled within a political system which moves by consent in relation to an external environment which cannot be under control.
Peace Corps volunteers should be given just enough to provide a minimum decent standard of living.
Support for it cuts across party, regional, ethnic and other lines.
The Peace Corps should be launched soon so that the opportunity to recruit the most qualified people from this year's graduating classes will not be lost.
The first year's projects should also be spread through several countries in Latin America, Africa and Asia.
In any case, our Peace Corps personnel should be offered as technician helpers in development projects of the U.N. and other international agencies.
Specifically, Congress should consider authorizing the Peace Corps to receive contributions from American businesses, unions, civic organizations and the public at large.
It can contribute to the development of critical countries and regions.
I recommend to the Congress the establishment of a permanent Peace Corps -- a pool of trained American men and women sent overseas by the U.S. Government or through private organizations and institutions to help foreign countries meet their urgent needs for skilled manpower.
To meet this urgent need for skilled manpower we are proposing the establishment of a Peace Corps -- an organization which will recruit and train American volunteers, sending them abroad to work with the people of other nations.
Revise and complete wildlife habitat management and improvement plans for all administrative units, assuring proper coordination between wildlife habitat management and other resources.
The total adverse impact of disease, insects, fire, weather, destructive animals, and other forces on the uses and values of forest resources is not generally recognized.
In the 10-year period, it is proposed that insect and disease control on the National Forest System be stepped up to a level of prevention, detection, and control of insect and disease infestations that will substantially reduce the occurrence of large infestations toward the end of the initial period.
3.
This is to be accomplished by nearly doubling the present level of preventive effort, detection, skilled fire-fighting crews, and equipment use.
Approximately 1.8 million acres of rangelands and 9.4 million acres of timberlands would be treated in this period.
In the forest development road and trail system, there are now 162,400 miles of roads and 106,500 miles of supplemental foot and horse trails.
(C)
For the year 2000 this means servicing (A) the protection requirements of a watershed producing at least 200 million acre-feet of water each year, (B) recreation and wildlife resources used each year by 635 million visitors, (C) a timber resource supporting an annual cut of 21 billion board feet, and (D) 60 million acres of rangelands.
Land adjustment, land purchase, land use
The long-range objective is to bring about consolidation of ownership through use of land exchange authority and through purchase on a moderate scale of inholdings which comprise key tracts for recognized National Forest programs such as recreation development, or which are a source of damage to lands in National Forests and National Grasslands.
If the reserve components are to serve effectively in time of war, their basic organization and objectives must conform to the changing character and missions of the active forces.
-- About 30% of the expenditures for the Department of Defense in 1961 are for military personnel costs, including pay for active, reserve, and retired military personnel.
A substantial increase is estimated in the cost of operating additional communications systems in the air defense program, as well as in all programs where speed and security of communications are essential.
The growing communications needs of this new State can best be met, as they have in other States, through the operation and development of such facilities by private enterprise.
The Department of Defense appropriation acts for the past several years have contained a rider which limits competitive bidding by firms in other countries on certain military supply items.
Another example is the recent cancellation of the F-108, a long-range interceptor with a speed three times as great as the speed of sound, which was designed for use against manned bombers in the period of the mid-1960's.
These examples underscore the importance of even more searching evaluations of new major development programs and even more penetrating and far-ranging analyses of the potentialities of future technology.
The Minuteman solid-fueled ICBM is planned to be operational about mid-1963.
In the coming fiscal year additional quantities of Atlas, Titan, and Polaris missiles also will be procured.
1.
In the event the total of rupees accruing to the Government of the United States of America as a consequence of sales made pursuant to this Agreement is different from the rupee equivalent of $1,276 million, the amounts available for the purposes specified in paragraph 1, Article 2, will be adjusted proportionately.
4.
for the government of India:
Such loans under Section 104 (E) of the Act will be made to United States business firms and branches, subsidiaries, or affiliates of such firms in India for business development and trade expansion in India and to United States firms and to Indian firms for the establishment of facilities for aiding in the utilization, distribution, or otherwise increasing the consumption of and markets for United States agricultural products.
(E)
Public health, education, and rehabilitation;
The Government of India shall maintain or cause to be maintained books and records adequate to identify the goods and services financed for agreed projects pursuant to paragraphs 1 (B) and 1 (C) of Article 2, of the Agreement, to disclose the use thereof in the projects and to record the progress of the projects (including the cost thereof).
With the existence of these many factors, some of them variable, it obviously has never been and is not now possible for the Commission to make assignments of AM stations on a case-to-case basis which will insure against any interference in any circumstances.
But during nighttime hours the skywave radiations are reflected from the ionosphere, thereby creating the possibility of one station's rendering service, via skywave, at a much greater distance than it can through its groundwave signal, and at the same time vastly complicating the interference problem because of the still greater distance over which these skywave signals may cause interference to the signals of stations on the same and closely adjacent frequencies.
The same restrictions apply after local sunset in the case of class 3, stations operating on regional channels, which after that time are required to operate under nighttime restrictions in order to protect each other.
To provide some service to all listeners;
The class 1, stations on these clear channels are protected to their 0.1-mv./m. groundwave contours against daytime cochannel interference.
During nighttime hours, because of the intense skywave propagation then prevailing, no large number of stations can be permitted to operate on one of these channels, if the wide area service for which these frequencies are assigned is to be rendered satisfactorily by the dominant stations which must be relied upon to render it.
10.
If you use a fiscal year, a year ending on the last day of any month other than December, your return is due on or before the 15th day of the 4th month after the close of your tax year.
See Chapter 38.
In such a case, Form 1310 should be completed and attached to the return.
You should make any request for an extension early so that if it is refused, your return may still be on time.
Interest at the rate of 6% a year must be paid on taxes that are not paid on or before their due date.
Furthermore, a bad check may subject the maker to certain penalties.
If your principal place of abode for the tax year is outside the United States (including Alaska and Hawaii), Puerto Rico, or the Virgin Islands and you have no legal residence or principal place of business in any Internal Revenue district in the United States, you should file your return with the Office of International Operations, Internal Revenue Service, Washington 25, D.C.
Businessmen deduct all ordinary and necessary expenses attributable to a trade or business.
(See Chapter 12.
Deductible losses on sales or exchanges of property are allowable in determining your Adjusted Gross Income.
)
Your 16 year old son earned $720 in 1961.
You may deduct these payments even though your child uses the money to purchase his own clothing or other necessities which you are normally obligated to furnish him, and even though you may be entitled to his services.
For, in accordance with Mr. Lowell's concept of an advisory board, our selections are made by experienced selectors who give both constancy and consistency to our processes and our choices.
To all, the Foundation gives the kind of thanks which are more than thanks: to them we are grateful beyond the possibility of conveying in words how grateful we are.
Referring further to the Foundation's officers, Dr. James F. Mathias, for eleven years our discerning colleague as Associate Secretary, was promoted to be Secretary.
For, granting that there are great present-day problems to be solved, these problems make great demands;
Forsan et haec olim meminisse iuvabit, as the Roman poet, Virgil, declared with much more historical sense than most writers of today.
indeed, the contrary has happened.
For change is dependent on the possibilities that individual men glimpse for the future.
We want no part in such discussions, because we think them largely futile;
Joseph Brown continued in business by himself, quickly rebuilding the establishment which had been lost in the fire and beginning those first steps which were to establish him as a pioneer in raising the standards of accuracy of machine shop practice throughout the world.
The basic significance of this invention helped them to follow it rapidly in 1855 by the development of a unique precision gear cutting and dividing engine.
The new work was a boon to the partnership, not only for its own value but particularly for the stimulation it provided to the imagination of J. R. Brown toward yet further developments for production equipment.
As soon as the time came for re-sharpening, the precise form of the gear tooth was lost and a new cutter had to be made.
Following Mr. Brown's death, there came forward in the Brown & Sharpe organization many other men who contributed greatly to the development of the company.
Commencing with the death of Lucian Sharpe in 1899, the name of Henry D. Sharpe was for more than 50 years closely interwoven with the destiny of the company.
In the Industrial Products Division, the company manufactures and markets a wide line of precision gaging and inspection equipment, machinists'tools -- including micrometers, Vernier calipers, and accessories.
Need for sound tax policy
Much of this necessary increase in research and development, though properly chargeable to current expenses, is not reflected in earnings until projects are completed and the new machines sold in quantity, usually over a period of several years.
Later in the year, additional types of this Leesona twister will be made available to mills for other man-made fibers and natural yarns.
Because the bobbin-to-cone winding process is a relatively high-cost operation for the mill, the almost complete automation provided by the Uniconer can mean important economies in textile production, at the same time upgrading quality.
We look forward to a stronger position in this expanding field.
Initially we will import the thermoelectric materials and modules from France but later we will manufacture in this country.
All operations now carried on at our plant at Cranston will be transferred to Warwick.
Layout and equipment were modernized and improved to obtain increased production on an efficient basis.
We believe that these improved facilities will contribute income and effect savings which will fully justify the investment.
At December 13, 1960 the fund held by the Industrial National Bank of Providence, as trustee for payment of past and future service pensions to qualified members of the plan, totaled $2,412,616.
In addition, production machinery must in many cases be designed to handle with equal efficiency both natural fibers and the increasing number of synthetics, as well as blends.
Student musical organizations are the Knights of Carleton and the Overtones (men's vocal groups), and the Keynotes (a women's singing group).
Chapel services are held weekly.
The Associations sponsor many traditional campus events and provide students with opportunities to form new friendships, to broaden their interests, and to engage in worthwhile service projects.
For the 1960-1961 season, The Carleton Players have announced Blood Wedding by Federico Garcia Lorca, The Knight Of The Burning Pestle by Beaumont and Fletcher and A Moon For The Misbegotten by Eugene O'Neill, with a pre-season production of The Glass Menagerie by Tennessee Williams.
The physical education program for men recognizes the value of participation in competitive sports in the development of the individual student and aims to give every man an opportunity to enter some form of athletic competition, either intercollegiate or intramural.
A student who while in attendance at Carleton College participates in an athletic contest during the school year, other than that sponsored by the College, shall be permanently ineligible to participate in intercollegiate athletics at Carleton College and will also face permanent suspension from the institution.
Practices are held regularly and the schedule of games is prepared by the student coach and the officers of the club.
The Dolphins present a three-night water show the week of the May Fete.
an Alumni Reunion Bulletin in April;
(See page 100.
It is the purpose of this magazine to serve as an outlet for student creative writing.
In recent months, much attention has been given to the probable extent of the current downtrend in business and economists are somewhat divided as to the outlook for the near future.
Sales of TV sets at retail ran ahead of the like months of 1959 through July;
I would expect that sales at retail in the first half of 1961 might be below 1960 by some 10 - 15% but that second-half levels should show a favorable comparison, with a possibility of quite strong demand late in the year if business conditions recover as some recent forecasts suggest they will.
Research, development test and evaluation funds, devoted to missiles in 1960 were 3 to 4 times as large as those devoted to aircraft, and actual missile procurement is expected to exceed aircraft procurement by 1963.
For the near term, however, it must be realized that the industrial and commercial market is somewhat more sensitive to general business conditions than is the military market, and for this reason I would expect that any gain in 1961 may be somewhat smaller than those of recent years;
Sales of passive components, such as capacitors and resistors, although not growing as fast as those of semi-conductors were ahead of 1959 this year, and should increase again in 1961.
During World War 2, he was a lieutenant commander in the United States Navy.
He is a member of the Institution of Electrical Engineers, London, a registered professional engineer in Connecticut and Ohio, and a chartered electrical engineer in Great Britain.
There is little evidence that they are giving any systematic thought to a general theory of the optimum scope and nature of their part in government.
by minimizing the number of committees.
Deans can form an important bridge between the president and the faculty.
An alert dean will confer all through the year on personnel needs, plans for the future, qualifications of those on the job, and bright prospects elsewhere.
No good way to evaluate teaching ability has yet been discovered, although some institutions use inventory sheets for a list of criteria.
Or shall we permit early specialization in scientific and technological subjects?
The first step is a comprehensive self study made by faculty, by outside consultants, or by a combination of the two.
More often, these offices are restricted to the gathering of empirical data.
In the national interest even the affluent universities must consider some division of labor among them to replace their present ambitions to keep up with the Joneses in all branches.
Declinations and substitutions are better received when he explains why his obligations to his institution preclude his acceptance.
This result suggests a very high temperature at the solid surface of the planet, although there is the possibility that the observed radiation may be a combination of both thermal and non-thermal components and that the observed spectrum is that of a black body merely by coincidence.
that the amplitude of the variation was considerably less than the amplitude of the variation in the infrared emission as measured by Pettit and Nicholson (1930) and Pettit (1935);
The maximum angular diameter of any planetary disk as observed from the earth is about 1 minute of arc.
The apparent black-body disk temperature is the temperature which must be assumed for the black body in order that the intensity of its radiation should equal that of the observed radiation.
Observations have also been made at 1.5 mm using optical techniques (Sinton, 1955, 1956,;
The observations of Mayer, McCullough, and Sloanaker at 3.15 cm and of Sloanaker at 10.3 cm have not previously been published and will be briefly described.
The 10.3-cm observation of Sloanaker was made on May 20, 1958, using the 84-foot reflector at the Maryland Point Observatory of the U. S. Naval Research Laboratory.
Qualitative observations were made and high-speed motion pictures were taken to study flow phenomena in the arc at various mass flow velocities.
This energy transfer depends on the current, the temperature in the arc column, the anode material, and the conditions in the anode sheath.
An attempt to improve the life of the anodes or the efficiency of the plasma generators must, therefore, aim at a reduction of the anode loss.
A detailed study of this latter phenomenon was not attempted in this paper.
This tube could be adjusted in its axial direction by an electric drive to establish the required electrode spacing.
It was exposed to a high velocity gas jet.
The argon flow from commercial bottles was regulated by a pressure regulator and measured with a gas flow rator.
The anode holder shown in figure 2 was designed with two goals in mind.
Its temperature was denoted by Af.
Simultaneously with the anode surface temperature and voltage measurements pyrometer readings were taken along the cylindrical surface of the carbon anode holder as indicated on figure 2.
The total heat flux from the porous plug into the plug holder is thereby Af.
By the use of various weights, data for a force-rate of shear graph can be obtained.
A system had to be used which did not depend upon the feeding of the fluid into the manometer if measurements of the normal pressure were to be made in a reasonable time.
However, they do demonstrate the presence of large normal pressures in the presence of flat shear fields which were forecast by the theory in the first part of the paper.
Af is the work necessary to fill the manometer column from the reference height to H.
There is one exception to the above statement as has been pointed out, and that is that fluids can relax by flowing into fields of lower rates of shear, so the statement should be modified by stating that the mechanics are similar.
The direction of the tension of minimum pressure is, of course, given by the direction of the major axis of the ellipsoids.
This formula is given by Rumscheidt and Mason.
The internal energy of an ideal gas depends on temperature only and is independent of pressure or volume.
The lines are asymmetric and over the range of field Af gauss and temperature Af the asymmetry increases with increasing Af and decreasing T.
It is important to consider and experimentally verify this influence since quantitative nuclear resonance is becoming increasingly used in investigations of structure.
The Af distance in Af is 2.26 Aj.
Under this assumption the space group must be Af and the following are the positions of the atoms in the unit cell.
The structure appears to be unique among OOH compounds, but is the same as that assumed by Af.
A randomization of "ups" and "downs" is more likely than ordered "ups" and "downs" in position (3) since the hydrogen atoms are well separated and so the position of one could hardly affect the position of another, and also since ordered "up" and "down" implies a larger unit cell, for which no evidence exists.
500 ml of 1M aqueous Af with 1 Af added are heated in a bomb at 170-degrees-C for 48 hours.
Chromium analysis gave 58.8% Cr as compared with 61.2% theory.
We found no obvious effects due to preferred orientation of the crystallites in this sample nor would we expect to on the basis of the shape found from electron microscopic examination.
The value of Af estimated at 470 gauss was Af microseconds.
One sample, which had been exposed to the atmosphere after evacuation at 375-degrees-C, showed the presence of adsorbed water (about 0.3 wt)) as evidenced by a weak resonance line which was very narrow at room temperature and which disappeared, due to broadening, at low temperature.
This sample was contained in a cylindrical container similar to that described above.
The better quality products in both of these lines contain phosphate builders.
Even here there is room for some variation, for metal surfaces vary in smoothness, absorptive capacity, and chemical reactivity.
Also given are several laboratory wash procedures in general use.
In addition, the polyphosphates are also used, probably acting more as peptizing agents than anything else.
4.
In an essentially static system, an oil cannot be replaced by water on a surface unless the interfacial tensions of the water phase are reduced by a surface-active agent.
(2) In the critical micelle region, there is a rapid agglomeration or polymerization to give the micelles, which have a degree of polymerization averaging around 60 - 80.
This is particularly true of highly charged ions, especially those ions which fall into the class of polyelectrolytes.
Freed soil must be dispersed and protected against flocculation.
It appears possible to set a lower limit of about Af for the activation energy of the abstraction of a chlorine atom from a carbon tetrachloride molecule by a chlorine atom to form Af radical.
Contrary to these expectations we have found it impossible to obtain the degree of reproducibility one would wish, even with extensive efforts to prepare especially pure reagents.
Previously purified chlorine was subsequently admitted and the exchange was allowed to take place.
This method in general solved the problem of obtaining fairly equal concentrations of reactants in each of the six cells from a set.
Relative incident light intensities were measured with a thermopile potentiometer system.
Experiments were done at 180, 200, 210, and 220-degrees.
The liquid phase photochemical exchange between chlorine and carbon tetrachloride was more reproducible than the thermal exchange, although still erratic.
The photochemical exchange in the gas phase.
Whipple (1955) extends the effects to include the solar-corpuscular-radiation pressure, which increases both the minimum particle size and the drag.
According to Whipple (1955), cometary debris is sufficient to replenish the material spiraling into the sun, maintaining a fairly steady state.
Direct information has been obtained from rockets and satellites equipped with impact sensors.
Many other vehicles with smaller sensitive-area exposure-time products contribute some information.
The data for the first day indicate a meteor stream with a very high concentration of particles and may have led to the high estimates of micrometeorite flux.
The calibration of piezoelectric sensors in terms of the particle parameters is very uncertain.
However, the conversion from mass to size is unreliable, since many photographic meteors give evidence of a fluffy, loosely bound meteorite structure with densities as low as Af.
The flux values are for all particles with masses greater than the given mass and are based on an estimate of the numbers of visual meteors.
The older scales were based on theoretical estimates of the conversion efficiency of kinetic energy into light.
The solar-electromagnetic- and corpuscular-radiation pressure and the associated Poynting-Robertson effect increase in effectiveness as the particle size decreases and modify the distribution and limit sizes to larger than a few microns.
Biological warfare is the intentional use of living microorganisms or their toxic products for the purpose of destroying or reducing the military effectiveness of man.
The biological and physical properties of infectious particles have been studied intensively during the past fifteen years.
The relationship between particle size and infectious dose is illustrated in Table 1.
There may be a number of secondary effects resulting from diffusion through buildings such as widespread contamination of kitchens, restaurants, food stores, hospitals, etc.
From these dosage isopleths it can be seen that an area of over 34,000 square miles was covered.
A network of sampling stations had been set up on shore.
The dosages in the three levels of the vertical profile were: Af
An agent would likely be selected which would possess sufficient viability and virulence stability to meet realistic minimal logistic requirements.
Mutants may also be developed with changes in biochemical properties that are of importance in identification.
This is why this approach to BW defense has not been given major attention.
One might expect some spread of the disease in this case resulting in increased effectiveness of the attack.
One must include the preparation of soft drinks and the processing of milk and milk products.
samples.
Anti-A and anti-B activities were determined in fractions from the sera of group A, group B or group O donors by the following tube agglutination methods.
however, in the interest of clarity and conciseness only the results obtained with homozygous Af and homozygous Af cells will be presented here.
Blood samples were allowed to clot at room temperature for 3 hr, centrifuged and the serum was removed.
in the sphere was starting buffer and in the cone was final buffer, 0.50 M in both Af and Tris, pH 4.1.
When paper electrophoresis was to be used for preparation, eight strips of a whole serum sample or a chromatographic fraction concentrated by negative pressure dialysis were run/chamber under the conditions described above.
Successive 1-ml fractions were then drawn off with a hypodermic syringe, starting at the top of the tube, and tested for agglutinin activity.
Not all these regions exhibited equal agglutinating activity, as evidenced by titer and the extent of the active areas.
Chromatography of whole sera revealed that the areas of Rh antibody activity were generally continuous and wide.
Occasionally, you may come across one or two bumblebees in the cold season, when you are turning over sods in your garden, but you have to be a really keen observer to see them at all.
It is not difficult to see that the stamens of the catkin are always arranged in pairs, and that each individual flower is nothing but one such pair standing on a green, black-tipped little scale.
There must be several dozen species in the United States alone.
The queen afterward keeps incubating and guarding her eggs like a mother hen, taking a sip from time to time from the rather liquid honey in her honey pots.
Simultaneously, males or drones are produced, mostly from the unfertilized eggs of workers, although a few may be produced by the queen.
Female individuals of Psithyrus look deceptively like the workers and queens of the bumblebees they victimize.
It is almost certain that some of these, usually a trifle smaller than the honeybees, are andrenas or mining bees.
Their appearance, next spring, coincides in an almost uncanny way with the flowering of their host plants.
Still Andrena will do a reasonably good job, so that an animal with a full pollen load looks like a gay little piece of yellow down floating in the wind.
Sometimes, although by no means always, these are indeed alkaline.
he was working with species of Java, so perhaps some tropical snakes are unusual in this respect.
The African rock python, a close second, is followed in turn by the reticulate python.
Another approach is to estimate from the rate of growth and the smallest size at maturity.
Other herpetologists have ascertained that in the northern United States the prairie rattlesnake may not give first birth until it is four or even five years old, and that the young may be born every other year, rather than annually.
The first is the strictly scientific, which demands concrete proof and therefore may err on the conservative side by waiting for evidence in the flesh.
He rejects dimensions of 70 feet and more.
At birth, this species varies considerably in size.
I have little information on the anaconda's rate of growth.
It is possible that especially large anacondas will prove to belong to subspecies limited to a small area.
Alphonse R. Hoge's measurements of several very young specimens from Brazil suggest that at birth the female is slightly larger than the male.
Another marked difference is noted here.
Air-drifts from one area to another are, therefore, conceivable.
With completion of filling, net-like anastomoses were noted to be present between these separately derived branches.
Discussion
For example, the marked susceptibility of the monkey to respiratory infection might be related to its delicate, long alveolar ducts and short, large bronchioles situated within a parenchyma entirely lacking in protective supportive tissue barriers such as those found in types 1, and 3.
'25).
Miller ('50) is the principal antagonist of this viewpoint.
'49) found these shunts in the human being but was unable to find them in rats.
Finally, it is suggested that in many respects the horse lung may be anatomically more comparable to that of the human than any other presently known species.
The pleura and interlobular septa are thick in types 1 and 3.
Some of the features of the top portions of Figure 1 and Figure 2 were mentioned in discussing Table 1.
Such classifications may be called "somewhat advanced" or "somewhat delayed", as the case may be, reserving "moderate" for dots upon or close to the mean.
Third, the upper portion deals with only two indicators of developmental level, Onset and Completion.
Such an indicator, or indicators, are needed as means of recognizing specific periods of delay in skeletal developmental progress.
When the "dot" and "tip" coincide, the classification used in this paper is "Same schedule".
Length of the shaft of these arrows may be evaluated according to the standard deviation values for each center in Table 1.
The growth center depicted here, in the distal phalanx of the second finger, is listed as the fifth of those in the seven short bones.
Boys 32, 23, 31, 17, 30, 19, and 24 had "same schedule" at Onset and Completion;
However, the formation of organically bound iodine, mainly mono-iodotyrosine, can be accomplished in cell-free systems.
On chemical grounds it seems most likely that iodide is first converted to Af and then to Af as the active iodinating species.
Its synthesis has not been demonstrated in cell-free systems, nor has its synthesis by systems with intact thyroid cells in vitro been unequivocally proven.
The finding that the concentration of one of these proteases is increased in thyroid glands from TSH-treated animals suggests that this protease may be active in vivo.
E.
Any of the antithyroid drugs, of either type, if given in large enough doses for a long period of time will cause goitre, owing to inhibition of thyroid hormone synthesis, with production of hypothyroidism.
Dietary influences
Similar results might be expected from the influence of drugs or pathological conditions that limit iodide trapping, or organification, or accelerate thyroglobulin proteolysis.
As long ago as 1851 it was pointed out by Niepce (1851) that there is a connection between the pituitary and the thyroid.
Two problems present themselves in considering any hormone in blood.
A.
In 1953 the patient developed an unexplained anemia for which 15 blood transfusions were given over a period of 4 years.
In September, 1958, the patient developed generalized weakness and fatigue which was concurrent with exacerbation of his anemia;
No fasciculations or sensory defects were found.
From March 3 to May 1, 1949, the patient was maintained on dexamethasone, 3 to 6 mg. daily.
X-ray films of the vertebral column showed progression of the demineralization.
In addition, other sections contained focal areas of recent myocardial necrosis that were infiltrated with neutrophils.
The firm red spleen weighed 410 gm., and its surface was mottled by discrete, small patches of white material.
The small intestine and colon contained approximately 300 cc. of foul-smelling, sanguineous material, and the mucosa throughout was hyperemic and mottled green-brown.
On the surface of the right kidney there were also 2 yellow, firm, friable raised areas measuring up to 2 cm. in diameter.
There was no evidence of fibrosis.
These were increased both in number and in size, contained prominent nucleoli, and were distributed throughout the fiber (Figs. 2 - 5).
In attempting to improve specificity of staining, the fluorescein-labeled antisera used in both direct and indirect methods were treated in one of several ways: (1) They were passed through Dowex-2-chloride twice and treated with acetone insoluble powders (Coons, 1958) prepared from mouse liver or from healthy sweet clover stems or crown gall tissue produced by Agrobacterium tumefaciens (E. F. Smith & Townsend) on sweet clover stems.
The latter adhesive was found to be much more satisfactory.
After blotting out most of the liquid around the sections, the latter were mounted in buffered glycerine (7 parts glycerine to 3 parts of PBS).
Results
However, the nonspecific staining by the Af in tumor sections was considered bright enough to be confused with the staining of small amounts of WTV antigen.
With this purified conjugate the best staining procedure consisted of treating the sections with 1: 10 dilution of Af for 30 minutes, washing with PBS for 15 minutes, staining with Af for 30 minutes, and washing with PBS for 15 minutes.
The specificity of staining with Af was established as follows: Af specifically stained tumor sections but not sections of healthy sweet clover stems or of crown gall tumor tissue from sweet clover.
The virus antigen was concentrated in the pseudophloem tissue.
In the direct method, Af, not further treated, stained certain tissues of healthy sweet clover stems nonspecifically and WTV tumor sections were similarly stained by comparable Af.
Brakke et al, 1954).
MacLean stressed correctly the importance of the visceral brain for preservation of the individual and the species, as evidenced by the influence of the limbic brain (including the hypothalamus) on emotions related to fight and flight and also on sexual functions.
Apparently, a positive feedback exists between the posterior hypothalamus and the cerebral cortex.
Similar effects can be induced reflexly via the baroreceptor reflexes in man and animals.
They shift the hypothalamic balance to the sympathetic side.
A state of parasympathetic "tuning" of the hypothalamus induced experimentally causes not only an increase in the parsympathetic reactivity of this structure to direct and reflexly induced stimuli, but leads also to an autonomic reversal: a stimulus acting sympathetically under control conditions elicits in this state of tuning a parasympathetic response!
On the physiological basis of some form of psychotherapy
A mild electrical shock served as a conditioned stimulus and was followed by feeding.
Although in both emotions sympathetic symptoms are present, different autonomic-somatic patterns underlie aggression and anxiety, respectively, as indicated by the rate of the excretion of the catecholamines, the state of the muscle tone, and the Mecholyl test.
We are trying to study a linear operator T on the finite-dimensional space V, by decomposing T into a direct sum of operators which are in some sense elementary.
Thus T is not diagonalizable.
Let T be a linear operator on the finite-dimensional vector space V over the field F.
We shall find a polynomial Af such that Af is the identity on Af and is zero on the other Af, and so that Af, etc.
It is clear that each vector in the range of Af is in Af for if **ya is in the range of Af, then Af and so Af because Af is divisible by the minimal polynomial P.
Thus Af is divisible by the minimal polynomial P of T, i.e., Af divides Af.
Now Af Af so Af.
The diagonalizable operator D and the nilpotent operator N are uniquely determined by (A) and (B) and each of them is a polynomial in T.
Since N and N'are both nilpotent and they commute, the operator Af is nilpotent;
Thus we see that Af and Af.
Example 11.
If Af is the null space of Af, then Theorem 12 says that Af.
A function G such that Af, i.e., Af, must be a polynomial function of degree Af or less: Af.
Marksmanship example.
More generally, suppose that an experiment consists of a number of independent trials, that each trial results in either a "success" or a "non-success" ("failure"), and that the probability of success remains constant from trial to trial.
If three dice are tossed, a trial is one toss of one die and the experiment is composed of three trials.
Exactly 2 times?
For an experiment to qualify as a binomial experiment, it must have four properties: (1) there must be a fixed number of trials, (2) each trial must result in a "success" or a "failure" (a binomial trial), (3) all trials must have identical probabilities of success, (4) the trials must be independent of each other.
Toss a die until an ace appears.
Experiment without the two-class property.
4.
The following is a less extreme example of dependence.
But Table 7-1 shows that Af or 0.70 agree, too many for independent voting.
) On the other hand, even when the binomial model does not describe well the physical phenomenon being studied, the binomial model may still be used as a baseline for comparative purposes;
The set of all binomial distributions is called the family of binomial distributions, but in general discussions this expression is often shortened to "the binomial distribution", or even "the binomial" when the context is clear.
Their sum is X, the total number of successes, which in this experiment has the value Af.
On C, from the point P at Af to the point Q at Af, we construct the chord, and upon the chord as a side erect a square in such a way that as S approaches zero the square is inside C.
The set of intersections of Af, the rotated curve, with the original curve C consists of just the set of forward corner points on C corresponding to the vertex at Af, plus the vertex itself.
Each point with abscissa T on the graph represents an intersection between C and Af.
With the vertex at Af in the C-plane we assume that Af is the parametric location on C of an ordinary intersection Q between C and Af.
Thus if E is sufficiently small, there can be only one intersection of C and Af near Q, for if there were more than one intersection for every E then the difference between C and Af near Q would not be a monotone function.
Proof.
Again, the analyticity of the two curves guarantees that such intervals exist.
Proof
But this is a contradiction, for we know that the multiplicity of f{t} is odd for every T.
Lemma 4.
In 1 we investigate a new series of line involutions in a projective space of three dimensions over the field of complex numbers.
We observe first that no line, l, can meet its image except at one of its intersections with Q.
Thus pencils of tangents to Q are transformed into pencils of tangents.
In other words, these curves have only fixed intersections common to them all.
Finally, the image of a general bundle of lines is a congruence whose order is the order of the congruence of invariant lines, namely Af and whose class is the order of the image congruence of a general plane field of lines, namely Af.
To avoid this contradiction it is necessary that C be composite, with the secant of **zg and a curve of order Af as components.
In each case, lines of the bundles are transformed by involutions within the pencils they determine with the multiple secant.
For any pencil in a plane containing a Af-fold secant of **zg has an image regulus which meets the plane of the pencil in Af lines, namely the images of the lines of the pencil which pass through the intersection of **zg and the multiple secant, plus an additional component to account for the intersections of the images of the general lines of the pencil.
old rulers may lose their nerve and their sense of direction.
As a nation, we feel an obligation to assist other countries in their development;
The colonial period has generally left people believing that government can, if it wishes, provide all manner of services for them -- and that with independence free men do not have to work to realize the benefits of modern life.
Our technical assistance to these countries should place special emphasis on inducing the central governments to assume the role of advisor and guide which at an earlier stage foreign experts assumed in dealing with the central governments.
It should also be recognized that the problem of rural tenancy cannot be solved by administrative decrees alone.
and they have begun to develop a capacity to deal realistically and simultaneously with all the major sectors of their economies.
For one thing, although considerable numbers of men have been trained, bureaucracies are still deficient in many respects;
American policy toward such societies should stress our sympathy for the emerging social and professional classes.
It follows that any effective policy toward the underdeveloped countries must have a realistically long working horizon.
Nevertheless, for most of the population of heterogeneous advanced societies, though less for the less religious portion, religion does perform certain modal individual and social functions.
The significant things in it, at the higher religious levels, are the inner emotional, mental, and spiritual occurrences that fill the pressing human needs of self-preservation, self-pacification, and self-completion.
he has endless being.
It gives him aid, comfort, even solace, in meeting mundane life situations where his own unassisted practical knowledge and skill are felt by him to be inadequate.
The two have never been separable.
for example, those regarding material objects and pragmatic ends.
In general, there is no society so secularized as to be completely without religiously inspired transcendental ends.
As he points out, a religious group cannot exist without a collective credo, and the more extensive the credo, the more unified and strong is the group.
This is brought out in the common religious ethos that prevails even in the denominationally diverse audiences at many secular semi-public and public occasions in the United States;
As Yinger has pointed out, the "reliance on symbols, on tradition, on sacred writings, on the cultivation of emotional feelings of identity and harmony with sacred values, turns one to the past far more than to the future".
Among primitive peoples the sanctions and dictates of religion were more binding than any of the other controls exercised by the group;
Her previous traumatic experiences flashed through her mind as if they had happened yesterday.
As seen in the B. family, there must be an attempt to help the client develop conscious awareness of the problem, especially in the absence of a formal request for assistance.
Thus, the client receives enough ego support to engage in constructive efforts on his own behalf.
While expensive in time and involving a great deal of adaptation on the part of the worker (in terms of his willingness to leave the sanctity of his office and enter actively into the client's life), techniques of accompaniment were found to be of tremendous value when in the service of specific preventive objectives.
According to a number of studies, the important predictors are the nature and management of the client's anxiety as well as the accessibility of the helping person.
Woodward, for example, has emphasized the "need for a broad spectrum of services, including very brief services in connection with critical situations".
One of the devices for tension management is preferential mating.
Prior to World War 2, there was a higher percentage of endogamous marriages than after World War 2.
Power.
To some extent the system can be considered a Gemeinschaft in which "social-role occupancies are determined by birth, by attributes such as sex or caste, which are biologically or socially immutable".
Subgroups of various types, interconnected by relational norms.
Additionally, the proscription of core - Negro marriages for core families, discussed above, would seem to act as a regulative norm governing subgroups and roles.
Adaptation to the social and non-social environment through the economy has been met to a degree through a type of occupational segregation.
Master processes
Socialization
Although the Brandywine population is still predominantly rural, "there are indications of a consistent and a statistically significant trend away from the older and relatively isolated rural communities.
By means of this social control, deviance is either eliminated or somehow made compatible with the function of the social group.
The fertility rate pattern would seem to be a function, though a latent one, of the process of maintaining the boundary.
In 1922 a continuous registration of the whole indigenous population was instituted by ordinance of the Governor-General, and the periodic compilation of these records was ordered.
Additional entries must be made from time to time.
In addition, demographic inquiries, supposedly involving field investigations, were conducted in selected minor divisions (circonscriptions) containing about 3 percent of the total population.
The system tended to break down during the war, but was reactivated;
Each year from 1941 on, its medical staff had conducted intensive field investigations to determine changes in population structure and vital rates and, as its primary objective, the incidence of major diseases.
The AIMO organizations of both countries, which maintain administrative services throughout the territories, retained immediate responsibility for the collection and publication of demographic information.
However, the differences in procedure are fundamental.
Different sampling ratios were applied under different conditions.
These changes represent, in effect, a shift from (1) an administrative compilation of data obtained through procedures designed primarily to serve political and economic objectives to (2) a systematic sampling census of the whole African population.
The first sampling census in the Congo extended over a three-year period, 1955 - 57;
He found, as he had suspected, a general consensus that perhaps over half of the present functionally designed course was not really functional for these students.
This comment and others similar to it, would seem to indicate a possible justification for continuing the status quo.
By permitting freshman students we might extend the opportunity for such a course to some individuals who otherwise might never get to take it.
Incidentally, it needs to be noted that because auditors were permitted the section began increasing in numbers each week, until at last it swelled to such proportions that this "free" auditing policy had to be retracted.
He made it clear from the beginning that this was the students'opportunity, and that the future destiny of such groups depended on favorable results from this one.
Our campus, unfortunately, owns no films.
Also, although only a few of the students were intimately acquainted with each other in the beginning, most reported that when the semester ended their dearest and closest campus friendships were with members of that class.
In short, it was centered around learning how to develop a more sensitive empathy.
These were often carefully written out with a great deal of thought behind them.
There was a particularly marvelous opportunity for study in this area since almost every stage of pregnancy was represented, from a childless couple to and including every trimester.
Guilford-Martin) were filled out by 12 of the Kohnstamm-positive subjects and 19 of the Kohnstamm-negative subjects.
Discussion
At no time was it implied by the experimenter that the subject's initial reaction was deviant.
Autosuggestibility, the reaction of the subject in such a way as to conform to his own expectations of the outcome (i.e., that the arm-rise is a reaction to the pressure exerted in the voluntary contraction, because of his knowledge that "to every reaction there is an equal and opposite reaction") also seems inadequate as an explanation for the following reasons: (1) the subjects'apparently genuine experience of surprise when their arms rose, and (2) manifestations of the phenomenon despite anticipations of something else happening (e.g., of becoming dizzy and maybe falling, an expectation spontaneously volunteered by one of the subjects).
This subject, who has been undergoing psychoanalytic psychotherapy for five years, did not give a positive Kohnstamm reaction under any of the four standardized conditions used in this experiment while sober.
Some of those who did not initially react with an arm-elevation also associated their behavior in the situation with control factors -- an inability to relinquish control voluntarily.
The above discussion does not mean to imply that control factors were completely in abeyance in the Kohnstamm-positive subjects;
The Kohnstamm-positive subjects seemed to be freer to experience the unusual and seemingly impossible in the external world.
While the interpretations that have been given are inferences only, they gain support from such comments as the following, which was made by one of the Kohnstamm-negative subjects who did not, on the first trial, perceive the tilt illusion.
Individual differences in maturation and the development of readiness for learning to read indicate that not until the third grade have most children had ample opportunity to demonstrate their capacity for school achievement.
It was assumed that the sampling procedure was purely random with respect to the personality variables under investigation.
But she cleans it up very well when I remind her".
therefore, we have measured two different characteristics.
The battery median grade-equivalent was used in data analysis in this study.
In this manner, the factors measured by the intelligence test were controlled, allowing discovered differences in achievement to be interpreted as resulting from other variables.
Indeed their achievement scores were somewhat better on an absolute basis although the difference was not significant.
The interaction effect, which is significant at the level, can be seen best in the contrast of mean scores.
Success reduces the prospect of threat and his powers of discrimination are improved.
Impersonal purposes
It was his experience that only one good salesman was found out of every seven hired -- and only one was hired out of every seven interviewed.
After each presentation, the antagonist wrote his judgment of the salesmen;
The position of receptionist was opened in a large office and an announcement was made to the other girls already working that they could apply for this job which had higher prestige and slightly higher salary than typing and clerking positions.
The engineer had more than seven years of experience in the firm, was well trained, was considered a hard worker, was respected by his fellow engineers for his technical competence and was regarded as a "comer".
One by one, these errors were discussed and one by one he rejected accepting them as errors.
In a course for supermarket operators, a district manager who had been recently appointed to his position after being outstandingly successful as a store manager, found that in supervising other managers he was having a difficult time.
The director helped tailor-make a check list of the district manager's errors by asking various observers to write out sentences commenting on the mistakes they felt he made.
After every session, the check marks were totaled up and graphed, and in this way the supervisor's progress was charted.
When an evaluative situation is set up, and no concern is with the details that lead to an over-all estimate, we say that roleplaying is used for evaluation.
Spontaneity training theory is unique and relatively new.
and when I replied in this spirit, she corroborated my hunch.
it was as if she was showing me one of the reasons why she hated that woman inside her.
This behavior on her part subsided only after I had come to see the uncomfortably close similarity between, on the one hand, her arranging the ventilation of the common living room to her own liking, or turning the television off or on without regard to the wishes of the others, and on the other hand, my own coming stolidly into her room despite her persistent and vociferous objections, bringing my big easy chair with me, usually shutting the windows of her room which she preferred to keep in a very cold state, and plunking myself down in my chair -- in short, behaving as if I owned her room.
Or an "I want to go home", or whatever -- but a nonverbal one which reveals itself, gradually, as the condensed expression of more than one latent meaning.
this is a question which I have no wish to take up -- condensation is a phenomenon in which one finds not a condensed expression of various feelings and ideas which are, at an unconscious level, well sorted out, but rather a condensed expression of feelings and ideas which, even in the unconscious, have yet to become well differentiated from one another.
A borderline schizophrenic young man told me that to him the various theoretical concepts about which he had been expounding, in a most articulate fashion, during session after session with me, were like great cubes of almost tangibly solid matter up in the air above him;
occurrence -- an instance of a form in text.
A more detailed description of dictionary operations -- text lookup and dictionary modification -- gives a clearer picture.
the information cell Af is saved to represent the text occurrence.
Thus, when more than one distinct form leads to a particular cell in the X-region, a chain of information cells must be created to accommodate the forms, one cell in the chain for each form.
Text reading continues with the next occurrence.
A random address Af that lies within the X-region of memory mentioned earlier is computed from the i-th dictionary form.
The grammatical description of each occurrence in the text must be retrieved from the dictionary to permit such an analysis.
the information cell assigned to each text form contains the address of the grammatical description of the form it represents.
An extension of the principle would permit entering a grammatical description of each form.
Entries are summarized only when by doing so the amount of information retained in the dictionary is reduced and the time required for dictionary operations is decreased.
Is Bill's broken a chair, dominant stress will usually be on the complement a chair.
Dominant stress is on her luggage both in that's her luggage, where her luggage is the complement, and in there's her luggage, where it is the subject.
What is new in the context is likely to be made more prominent than what is not.
In there aren't many young people in the neighborhood the modifier young takes dominant stress away from its head people: the fact that the young creatures of interest are people seems rather obvious.
In she has it in for George dominant stress will ordinarily be on in, where the notion of stored-up antipathy seems to center.
Strong stress on hunger treats hunger as an additional stimulus, strong stress on stimulates treats stimulation as an additional effect of hunger, strong stress on man treats man as an additional creature who responds to the stimulation of hunger.
when it represents only itself and on which is its complement (so that go on is semantically equivalent to board), on has stronger stress than go does.
"I'll come by Tuesday.
-- Syllables are linguistic units centering in peaks which are usually vocalic but, as has been noted, are consonantal under certain circumstances, and which may or may not be combined with preceding and/or following consonants or combinations of consonants.
Improvement, however, is urgent, and at least three things will be needed.
The result has been neglect, fumbling efforts, or superficial treatment.
This can only be for one of two reasons: either the two are quite different and will require totally different theory (and hence techniques), or our existing theories are insufficiently general.
Of course, something of the same sort occurs with other sectors of the phonology: consonantal articulations have both a linguistic and an individual component.
Some phonetic features, for example glottal catch or murmur, are sometimes to be assigned to segmental phonemics and sometimes to accentual systems.
The phonemic systems which must support these morphophonemic systems, however, are very different.
The difficulty of analysis of any subsystem in the phonology is an inverse function of the size -- smaller systems are more troublesome -- for any given degree of morphophonemic complexity.
Apparently the feeling is that anything more would be involvement in technical abstrusenesses of possible pedantic interest but of no visible significance in practical affairs.
His orthographic recommendations are no simplistic acceptance of phonemics on the one hand or of superficiality on the other.
The paper has a certain value as a comparatively easy introduction to this approach, particularly since it treats a fairly simple and straightforward phenomenon where it is possible to compare it with a more traditional (though not structural) statement.
The treatment seems unnecessarily loose-jointed and complex, largely because the method is lax and the analysis seems never to be pushed to a satisfactory or even a consistent stopping-point.
Swadesh in short was trying to develop a basic list that was universal;
(2) Nature (29 terms against 17), ratios 3.3 versus 4.1;
For Yokuts, I tabulated these 71 items in five columns, according as they were expressed by 1, 2, 3, 4, and more than 4 stems.
which, divided by Af gives a mean of 1.07 grades apart.
His second conclusion, on semantic word classes, agrees with mine.
As to relative frequencies of competing roots (7 - 1 vs. 4 - 4, etc.), Thomas with his'weighting'seems to be the first to have considered the significance this might have.
Why then this urge to include unstable items in his basic list?
In proportion as meanings are concrete, we can better rely on their being insulated and distinctive.
but he has not worked out by lexicostatistics one comprehensively complete classification of even a single family other than Salish.
It seems time to consider a revision of operational procedures for lexicostatistic studies on a more humble, solid, and limited basis.
When the Yalta Conference opened, the American policy of postponing all discussion of Russia's western boundaries until the peace conference had broken down.
He did not mind the Line itself, which Churchill declared in the House of Commons, on February 27, 1945, he had always believed to be "just and right", but he did not want it called by a hated name.
The issue was left in abeyance, presumably for the peace conference.
The result was an agreement that the Lublin Government should be "reorganized on a broader democratic basis with the inclusion of democratic leaders from Poland itself and from the Poles abroad", and pledged to hold "free and unfettered elections as soon as possible on the basis of universal suffrage and secret ballot".
It is necessary that Poland should be free, independent in power.
In any case "here in their judgment conditions require" (italics added) they would "form interim governmental authorities broadly representative of all democratic elements in the population and pledged to the earliest possible establishment through free elections of governments responsive to the will of the people".
"We were troubled about the fate of the Baltic States.
Failing to heed the lesson so clearly contained in the satellite treaties, President Truman re-declared the Cold War on March 12, 1947, in the Truman Doctrine, exactly one week after the Herald Tribune editorial was written, and a year after the Cold War had been announced by Churchill at Fulton, Missouri, in Truman's presence.
All political interests supported electoral planning, although there are some signs that the inherent uncertainties of a popular judgment led to some procrastination.
There followed a long and sometimes bitter discussion of the feasibility of elections for the fall of 1957, in which it appears that the Minister of the Interior took the most pessimistic view and that the Istiqlal was something less than enthusiastic.
In late 1957 the M.P. (Mouvement Populaire) appeared and in the spring of 1958 the internal strains of the Istiqlal was revealed when the third Council of Government under Balafrej was formed without support from progressive elements in the party.
There remained only the delicate task of maneuvering the laws through the labyrinth of Palace politics and making a small number of policy decisions.
With multiple member districts the still fragmentary local party organizations could have operated more effectively and parties might have been encouraged to state their positions more clearly.
The value of the elections was lost, both as an experiment in increased political participation and as a reliable indicator of commercial interest, as shown in Table 1.
The P.D.I. and later the Popular Movement protected the Istiqlal's "privileged position" until the fall of Balafrej, and then the Istiqlal used the same argument, which it had previously ignored, against the pro-U.N.F.P. tendencies of the Ibrahim government.
There were three major administrative tasks: the fixing of electoral districts, the registration of voters and the registration of candidates.
Unemployed older workers who have no expectation of securing employment in the occupation in which they are skilled should be able to secure counseling and retraining in an occupation with a future.
The initiative, administration and control remain primarily with the local school districts.
For the Smith-Hughes, George-Barden, and National Defense Act of 1958, the cumulative total of Federal expenditures in 42 years was only about $740 million.
In most states, trade and industrial training is provided in a minority of the high schools, usually located in the larger cities.
By 1960 there were such schools in all but 4 states.
Thus, besides the training provided to youth in school, the existence of the school program can have supplementary benefits to industry which make it an asset to industrial development efforts.
While the U. S. Department of Labor has a program of projecting industry and occupational employment trends and publishing current outlook statements, there is little tangible evidence that these projections have been used extensively in local curriculum planning.
There is a need for an expanded Federal effort to provide research and information to help guide state education departments and local school boards in existing programs.
Even industrial development leaders find it hard to win local support for training unless a new industry is in sight and requests it.
Instead of being limited to the poor training facilities in remote areas, the student would be able to move to large institutions of concentrated specialized training.
But there is no positive and consistently demonstrable relationship in the strictest sense.
Correlations have been worked up between the loading of freight cars and the course of stock price.
They are concerned with all things traded in, securities, bonds, cocao, coffee, soybeans, cotton, tin, oats, etc.
This results in a separate record being made, distinguishing these trades from the overall volume of trading.
This warns the chartist that the formation in progress is quite likely to be a top.
Obviously someone has to sell in order for someone to buy, and vice versa.
When strong hands buy, they are able to buy more, and they do it even in the face of bearish news reports.
Membership in the echelons fluctuates too.
The method would become self-defeating".
In assessing the outlook for interest rates in 1961, the question, as always, is the prospect for general business activity.
At this time, however, there are signs that increased availability of mortgage credit will not act with the usual speed to stimulate a sharp rise in residential construction.
It seems likely, moreover, that with an increase in the rate of saving in mortgage lending institutions, interest rates on residential mortgages may move somewhat lower through the spring of next year, although the increased ease in residential mortgage lending may occur primarily in other terms than interest rate, e.g., easier downpayment and amortization terms.
My guess would be that interest rates will decline moderately into the spring of 1961 and during the second half of the year will turn up gradually to recover the ground lost during the downturn.
There are serious dangers involved in this trend toward rising Federal expenditures, of which I take a dim view, but it seems very likely to occur.
With the expansion of family formation in the Sixties, a continued substantial rise in expenditures by state and local government units seems to be indicated.
For example, the huge postwar demand on the part of veterans for housing under the VA home loan guaranty program seems to have largely exhausted itself.
Wage-price policies of industry are the result of a complex of forces -- no single explanation has been found which applies to all cases.
Part 2, discusses the operation of the model and derives some significant conclusions.
In wage negotiations, the industry bargains as a unit with a single union.
C.
Since marginal costs rise when the wage rate rises, the profit-maximizing price also rises when the public-limit price is elevated, and is likely to remain well above the latter.
Public indignation and resistance to wage-price increases is obviously much less when the increases are on the order of 3% per annum than when the increases are on the order of 3% per month.
The level of this average cost is determined by factor prices, technology, and so forth.
Disagreement on the amount of productivity increase exacerbates the problem of agreeing how an increase in profit margins related to a productivity increase should be shared.
It is this conclusion that we challenge;
Essentially this imposed two conditions: First, international law had to recognize and be compatible with an international political system in which a number of states were competitive, suspicious, and opportunistic in their political alignments with one another;
out of the question was the neutralization of Asia and Africa.
During the nineteenth century these views were protested by virtually all the Latin American writers, though ineffectively, just as the new nations of Africa and Asia protest them, with more effect, today.
First, and most obvious, was the growing nationalism and the tendency to regard the state, and the individual's identification with the state, as transcending other ties of social solidarity.
There was no law, domestic or international, except that willed by, acknowledged by, or consented to by states.
The legislative mills have been grinding ever since, and when its cumbersome processes were no longer adequate to the task, a limited legislative authority was delegated in one form or another, to the executive.
Man, through democratic institutions of government and economic freedom, was master of his destiny.
Contract -- conceived as the free bargain of formal equals -- replaced the implied obligations of a more static and status-conscious society.
One result was to nationalize much that had been regarded as the law of nations.
Then in 1875, apparently in response to the nationalizing influence of the Civil War, Congress first gave the lower federal courts general authority -- concurrently with state tribunals -- to decide cases involving federal-right questions.
Three years later similar restraints were imposed upon injunctions against collection of state taxes.
Reluctant, as usual, to interpret state legislation -- such interpretation can only be a "forecast rather than a determination" -- Mr. Justice Frankfurter led a unanimous Court to vacate the injunction.
Justices Frankfurter and Jackson concurred in the Court's result, for they found no merit in the railroad's claim.
In short, congressional power to grant federal-question authority to federal courts is now apparently so broad that Congress need not create, or specify, the right to be enforced.
) Here again Mr. Justice Frankfurter could not lightly accept the principle of wholesale judicial legislation.
Mr. Justice Black no doubt concurs in principle but is more apt to make exceptions to achieve a generous and "just" result.
The first is that enforcement of national law in state litigation raises in reverse the old diversity puzzle of the relation of procedure to substance.
If a litigant chooses to enforce a Federal right in a State court, he cannot be heard to object if he is treated exactly as are plaintiffs who press like claims arising under State law with regard to the form in which the claim must be stated -- the particularity, for instance, with which a cause of action must be described.
How else can one explain, for example, allowing the survival of the right to amortize bond discount and premium (section 381(c)(9)), but not the right to amortize bond issue expenses;
it would certainly violate the intention of Congress as expressed in the Committee Report;
Other exceptions are assignments for the benefit of creditors, corporate dissolutions, transfers by descent, or transfers by subrogation.
In substance, said the Court, there was no transfer of equitable title.
Hence, a successor corporation in a C reorganization appears entitled to sue for a refund of taxes paid by the merged corporation despite section 203.
Furthermore, in a C reorganization the continuing interest of stockholders of the corporation which paid the tax must be greater than is necessary in a statutory merger, to which the statute is clearly inapplicable.
For example, property "used in the trade or business" of a transferor corporation, as defined in section 1231, presumably would not retain its special status following a non-taxable reorganization if it is not so used in the business of the acquiring corporation.
This carryover right has a number of things in common with a net operating loss carryover.
There were two methods that could have been used for conducting the study within the resources available: (1) interviews in depth with a few selected companies, and (2) the more limited interrogation of a large number of companies by means of a mail questionnaire.
There is also the question of whether the respondent based his answers on factual information and carefully considered judgment, or whether his answers were casual guesses.
It was hoped that the facts concerning the characteristics and practices of the respondents would offer clues to the reasons why they took the positions and made the recommendations which they did.
The questionnaire also stated that, in any event, all replies would be treated confidentially.
The revised draft was mailed in July, 1960, to 100 firms throughout the United States.
The firms to receive the questionnaires were selected with this objective in mind.
The remaining names were then checked against the Thomas Register list (see below) and duplicate names were removed from the AIA lists.
The fact that AIA lists might not have been selected on a random basis.
Approximately ten days after the questionnaire was mailed, a follow-up airmail postcard was sent to each of the original names.
G.
) The results are shown in Table 3.
It is not a pleasant or easy position, but one we have endeavored to maintain.
Leadership was experienced and skillful, and financial resources were significant.
Most of us remember and think of the Wagner-Peyser Act in its historical sense, as a major milestone in the development of public placement services.
No person shall be referred to a position the filling of which will aid directly or indirectly in filling a job which (1) is vacant because the former occupant is on strike or is being locked out in the course of a labor dispute, or (2) the filling of which is an issue in a labor dispute.
Note that it prohibits referrals under either condition (1) or condition (2).
However, the Attorney General of California, at the request of the Secretary of Labor, sought to have the jurisdiction over the issue removed to the Federal District Court, on grounds that it was predominantly a Federal issue since the validity of the Secretary's Regulation was being challenged.
It is conclusive, unless appealed, only upon the particular parties to the particular action which was heard.
There is far too much at stake for all of the parties concerned to leave the matter hanging in midair.
Here the problem is essentially one of defining the word "filling".
The ability to think seems to increase consistently with age.
However, the teacher who understands the influence of emotions on behavior may be highly influential in helping pupils gain confidence, security, and satisfaction.
Ridiculing a child for being afraid or forcing him to meet the feared situation alone are poor ways of dealing with the problem;
Social characteristics
2.
During late childhood boys like to tease, jostle, and talk smart to girls;
The elementary-school child grows gradually in his ability to work in groups.
These specialists perform valuable services by helping teachers learn to identify children who need special attention, by suggesting ways of meeting the needs of individual children in the regular classroom, and by providing clinical services for severely maladjusted children.
When a child fails to meet the standards of the school in his rate of learning, insecurity, unhappiness, and other forms of maladjustment frequently follow.
Moreover, these conditions do not influence all children in the same manner.
and to utilize opportunities, arising in connection with regular classroom activities, for gaining a better understanding of his pupils.
Some school systems provide written instructions to principals and teachers designating when certain information is to be recorded on cumulative record forms and explaining how the information is to be summarized and used.
Now let's look at the evidence that shows the increase in desegregation and such increase as a result of court order.
As in Maryland, a District court has approved an official plan of school desegregation in Delaware.
that on the immediate horizon, if further large-scale (relatively speaking) desegregation comes, it will result from court orders on suits filed in several Middle-South states.
In fact, short of fleeing to Warrenton, Virginia, or Rockville, Maryland, white people may have to live with Negroes.
How to achieve this objective is a problem, but we are not divided on what we want.
In fact, in the desegregated school system which may have a good many schools with all-Negro population, how can we assure equal opportunity?
Shall we support pupil assignment?
Issue no. 3.
Issue no. 4.
For the school year, 1959-1960, the Prince Edward County (Virginia) Board of Supervisors voted not to provide funds for public education, and the school board therefore could provide no public education -- for white or Negro children.
If the above issue is settled by requiring public education for all citizens, Issue No. 6 may be moot.
Campbell studied the records of 172 school board members in twelve western cities over the period of 1931 - 40 and found "little or no relationship between certain social and economic factors and school board competence", as judged by a panel of professional educators who studied the voting records on educational issues.
If this happens, there may be some class conflict in the South, with school boards and school teachers taking the middle-class position.
The answers to questions such as these certainly depend to some extent upon the educator's own social-class position and also upon his social history, as well as upon his personality and what he conceives his mission to be as an educator.
There are several causes for this, one being rapid economic development with increasing numbers of of middle-class positions requiring engineering or scientific training.
Generally these commissions work earnestly to represent the interest of the entire society, as they conceive it.
Thus, the Commission acted with a sense of social responsibility within the area of its own convictions about the problem of government support to private education.
They think of themselves as trustees for the entire society and try to serve the entire society.
During the past decade the program has been carried on through expansion of free higher education in state universities, state colleges, and community colleges.
Two major types of fully distributed cost analysis
Nevertheless, because the Cost Section has felt impelled to make some kind of a distribution of total costs, it has apportioned this residue, which it sometimes calls "burden", among the units of carload traffic on a basis (partly ton, partly ton-mile) which is concededly quite arbitrary from the standpoint of cost determination.
It might be called the "public utility" type because of the considerable use to which it has been put in gas and electric utility rate cases.
But before turning to this example, we must distinguish two subtypes of analysis, both of which belong to the single-step type rather than to the double-step type.
Needless to say, any such inference would be quite unwarranted.
For a statement of costs per kilowatt-hour would ignore the fact that many of these costs are not a function of kilowatt-hour output (or consumption) of energy.
The customer costs
It has become painfully clear that the very attempt to make the language of social research free of values by erecting mathematical and physical models, is itself a conditioned response to a world which pays a premium price for technological manipulation.
)
It is absurd to speak of philosophy as a superior enterprise to sociology, since the former is a logical, rational discipline, where sociology is essentially descriptive and empirical.
)
The relinquishing by philosophy of pretentious claims to empirical priority gives it an ability to treat problems of meaning and truth which in the past it was unable to examine because of its missionary attitude to knowledge of more humble sorts.
The ceaseless effort to understand and measure the distance mankind has traversed since its primitive anthropological status offers a more durable sort of drama.
This is simply a confession of intellectual sterility spruced up to look virtuous.
In addition to the incompleteness of science and the completeness of metaphysics, they differ in that science is essentially descriptive, while philosophy in its inherited forms, tends to be goal-oriented, teleological and prescriptive.
Does society really exist as an entity over and above the agglomeration of men?
A philosophy which attempts to supply ultimate answers in an ultimate way reveals its acquiescence in the shortcomings of men, an impatience with partial, tentative solutions.
If it could be shown that judgments of good and bad were not judgments at all, that they asserted nothing true or false, but merely expressed emotions like "Hurrah" or "Fiddlesticks", then these wayward judgments would cease from troubling and weary heads could be at rest.
There is perhaps no value statement on which people would more universally agree than the statement that intense pain is bad.
For what I express in my remark is something going on in me at the time, and that of course did not exist until I did come on the scene.
We are saying that the pain was bad when and as it occurred and before anyone took an attitude toward it.
If anyone asked us, after we made the remark that the suffering was a bad thing, whether we should think it relevant to what we said to learn that the incident had never occurred and no pain had been suffered at all, we should say that it made all the difference in the world, that what we were asserting to be bad was precisely the suffering we thought had occurred back there, that if this had not occurred, there was nothing left to be bad, and that our assertion was in that case mistaken.
This way of escape is theoretically possible, but since it has grave difficulties of its own and has not, so far as I know, been urged by positivists, it is perhaps best not to spend time over it.
And this seems to me untrue.
Let me illustrate.
But if that is true, why is any attitude more fitting than any other?
On the other hand, to greet them with delight would convert what before was neutral into something good;
that is, there is, in the true sense, only a visual space".
The answer the authors give to it, therefore, is of supreme importance.
Because of his brain injury and the extreme damage suffered to his sight, the patient had to train himself for a new line of work, that of a portfolio-maker, an occupation requiring a great deal of precision in the making of measurements and a fairly well-developed sense of form and contour.
and, therefore, he could not recognize even long-familiar things upon seeing them again.
After a conversation with another man, he was able to recount practically everything that had been said but could not describe at all what the other man looked like.
As one would surmise, the procedure, however, could be repeated with the same object or with the same type of object often enough, so that the corresponding visual blots and the merest beginning of the tracing movement would provide clues as to the actual shape, which the patient then immediately could determine by a kind of inference.
The authors set about answering this fundamental question through a detailed investigation of the patient's ability, tactually, (1) to perceive figure and (2) to locate objects in space, with his eyes closed (or turned away from the object concerned).
The storms of the past had died away, and the great upheaval which was to mark the following century had not yet begun to disturb men's minds.
In this process the Minoan-Mycenaean inheritance had been transmuted or finally rejected;
The potters of the Aegean islands thus stood apart from those of the mainland, and in Greece itself Argive, Corinthian, Attic, Boeotian, and other Geometric sequences have each their own hallmarks.
What we have seen in this chapter, we have seen only dimly, and yet the results, however general, are worth the search.
but our evidence grows considerably in variety and shows more unmistakably some of the lines of change.
The revolution was well under way before 700 B.C., and premonitory signs go back virtually across the century.
the poet of the Iliad deliberately archaized.
The severe yet harmonious vases of the previous fifty years, the Strong Geometric style of the late ninth century, display as firm a mastery of the principles underlying Geometric pottery;
Ripe Geometric potters continued to employ the old syntax of ornaments and shapes and made use of the well-defined though limited range of motifs which they had inherited.
Cook had discovered a beef in his possession a few days earlier and, when he could not show the hide, arrested him.
It was nearly sundown before they finished the business with Beall and began riding down the stream.
With the first reports, Russell's horse wheeled to the right and ran towards the buildings while Cook, followed by a hail of bullets, raced towards the arroyo of Salyer's Canyon immediately in front of him, just reaching it as his horse fell.
Before daylight Sunday morning, a posse of twenty-three men under the leadership of Deputy Sheriff Frank MacPherson of Catskill followed the trail to the house of Francisco Chaves, where 100 to 150 Mexicans had gathered.
District Attorney M. W. Mills warned that he would vigorously prosecute persons caught committing these crimes or carrying arms -- he just didn't catch anyone.
public money spent;
While prowling around these buildings, two of the posse recognized the voice of Gonzales speaking to the people inside.
When the house was about half consumed, his comrade ran to the door and threw up his hands, declaring repeatedly that he did not know the whereabouts of Manuel.
The men helped them gather their belongings and escorted them to Raton along with three other families desiring to leave.
The sewer on Bonnet Street was constructed when there were only a few houses on the street.
Telephone and telegraph
In the fall of 1878, the "Popular Telegraph Line" was established between Manchester and Factory Point by the owners, Paul W. Orvis, Henry Gray, J. N. Hard, and Clark J. Wait.
H. K. Fowler, vice-president and secretary;
During the summers, Towsley often needed the assistance of a company operator.
Since that time the telegraph office has shifted in location from the railroad station at the Depot and shops at the Center back to the town clerk's office and drugstore at the Village.
Elizabeth Way was the first operator;
This eliminated toll calls between the two towns.
Nothing came of it, perhaps due to lack of opportunity for water storage.
At about the time the Marsden enterprise was getting under way, the Vail Light and Lumber Company started construction of a chair stock factory on the site of the present Bennington Co-operative Creamery, intending to use its surplus power for generating electricity.
It also overlooks the fact that in a rational lexicon, and quite clearly in More's lexicon, the opposite of serious is not gay but frivolous, and the opposite of gay is not serious but solemn.
Had More's writings been wholly limited to such exercises, they would be almost as dimly remembered as those of a dozen or so other authors living in his time, whose works tenuously survive in the minds of the few hundred scholars who each decade in pursuit of their very specialized occasions read those works.
we want to know why that book has kept on selling the way it has;
This conception was taken up by the early Church Fathers and by canon lawyers and theologians in the Middle Ages;
and it is to this problem that the Republic ultimately returns.
In that tradition communism lay a safe distance back in the age of innocence before the Fall of Man.
The Utopians brace conscience with legal sanctions.
and for this statement the best evidence comes within the five years following the publication of Utopia, when Martin Luther elaborates a new perception of the nature of the Divine's encounter with man.
Whatever the merits of its intent, Utopian communism is far too naive, far too crude, to suit any modern socialist or communist.
The Providence Daily Journal stated that although the guilt of Brown was evident, the South must guarantee him a fair trial to preserve domestic peace.
J. Wheaton Smith, editor of the Warren Telegraph stated that "the ends of justice must be satisfied, a solitary example must be set, in order that all those misnamed philantropists, who, actuated by a blind zeal, dare to instigate riot, treason, and murder, may heed it and shape their future course accordingly".
The results of the election of 1859 found Republican candidates not only winning the offices of governor and lieutenant-governor but also obtaining the two Congressional offices from the eastern and western sections of the state.
No sympathy or admiration for Brown could be found in the Providence Daily Post, for the editor claimed that there were a score of men in the state prison who were a thousand times more deserving of sympathy.
The Providence Daily Post's editor wrote that he could not believe that a meeting honoring Brown was to be held in Providence.
the Reverend Augustus Woodbury, a Unitarian minister;
Following Day was Woodbury who spoke of his disapproval of Brown's attempt at servile insurrection, his admiration of Brown's character, and his opposition to slavery.
Resolved that, while we most decidedly disapprove the methods he adopted to accomplish his objects, yet in his willingness to die in aid of the great cause of human freedom, we still recognize the qualities of a noble nature and the exercise of a spirit which true men have always admired and which history never fails to honor.
In certain other pictures, however, Braque began to paint areas in exact simulation of wood graining or marbleizing.
When we examine what each master says was his first collage we see that much the same thing happens in each.
And the surface is driven back, in its very surfaceness, only by this contrast.
The area adjacent to one edge of a piece of affixed material -- or simply of a painted-in form -- will be shaded to pry that edge away from the surface, while something will be drawn, painted or even pasted over another part of the same shape to drive it back into depth.
In order to be saved, plasticity had had to be isolated;
When the smaller facet-planes of Analytical Cubism were placed upon or juxtaposed with the large, dense shapes formed by the affixed materials of the collage, they had to coalesce -- become "synthesized" -- into larger planar shapes themselves simply in order to maintain the integrity of the picture plane.
this was the point at which he finally took the lead in Cubist innovation away from Braque, never again to relinquish it.
The new interchange among the four Los Angeles freeways, including the grade-constructed accesses, occupies by itself no less than eighty acres of downtown land, one-eighth of a square mile, an area about the size of Rockefeller Center in New York.
Meanwhile, the automobile and its friend the truck have cost the central city some of its industrial dominance.
The railroad siding is still important -- it is usually, though not always, true that long-haul shipment by rail is cheaper than trucking.
But they deny the values of the city -- the crowded, competitive, tolerant city, the "melting pot" which gave off so many of the most admirable American qualities.
Department stores congregated in the "one hundred per cent location", where all the transit lines converged.
The fact seems to be that very many large branch stores are uneconomical, that the choice of location in the suburbs is as important as it was downtown, and that even highly suburbanized cities will support only so many big branches.
The downtown store continues to offer the great inducement of variety, both within its gates and across the street, where other department stores are immediately convenient for the shopper who wants to see what is available before making up her mind.
Suburbs and Negroes
The descent may be remote, but this is surely the only full-scale example of that vigorous inheritance in the United States.
For the use of students and future restorers, a full, day-by-day record was kept of all three undertakings, complete technical reports on what we found and what we did.
Nothing could be seen from the floor, but by moving around the gallery one could get glimpses;
A brown hatching reinforces and broadens shadows, and much of the background is solidly covered with a dark coat.
In older Italian practice, lime, dried and reground "bianco sangiovanni", entered into such prepared shades.
Figure 1 was taken in 1953.
At the very first, then, Brumidi was required, by the classically pyramidal shape of his central group, to fill in the triangular space above the seated girl on Liberty's right, before starting on the allegorical figures themselves.
One man sprayed, with a sponge in hand to check excess wetting.
The plaster was sound, the intonaco firmly attached all over, and the pigment solidly incorporated with it in all but a few unimportant places.
I am very pleased that quite a number of you found ways to communicate to me your desire to hear of our reactions and experiences in the U.S.S.R.
It is a matter of some disappointment to me that still many of my own countrymen are too shortsighted to ascribe any symbolic significance to the plight of a minority, such as artists, in any social order.
Difficult as it may have been at times, Pozzatti and I saw enough, talked to enough artists, historians and others to realize that the issue is quite clear.
But today we were aware of only two men.
This kind of reasoning and logic takes a little time to get used to.
The presiding female functionary, of massive proportions and forbidding appearance, initially did not contribute to the expressions of friendship and welcome by a number of dignified gentlemen representing the arts.
Until our Moscow experience, I had not considered it necessary to prepare any argument formally or informally.
Your past history is resplendent with the fruits of the intellect.
The Sane Society is an ambitious work.
It would come down to saying that Fromm paints with a broad brush, and that, after all, is not a conclusion one must work toward but an impression he has from the outset.
What is missing is work that would answer, presumably by the use of survey methods and Guttman-type attitude scales, such questions as these: What are the components of the feeling-state described as alienation?
Here, perhaps, Fromm is vulnerable, for he does not always use the best and most recent evidence available, and he sometimes selects and interprets the evidence in rather special ways.
He concludes that these data show a "remarkably high" percentage of consciously dissatisfied and unhappy persons among factory and clerical workers.
In view of these shortcomings in both the amount and the interpretation of survey-type findings on public opinion, and considering the criticisms which can be brought against Fromm's philosophical anthropology, such a passage as the following cannot be taken seriously.
(He, in effect, does say this in his discussion of the pseudo-happiness of the automaton conformist.
" He finds it equally "remarkable that their critical diagnosis and prognosis should have so much in common among themselves and with the critics of the twentieth century".
Of course, the list also excludes all writers who are fairly "optimistic" about the modern situation;
In this he followed a path that led back to the very source of opera;
Under no circumstances could we mistake one for the other;
Here the composer uses a favorite device of his, the intensification of the mood through key relationships.
A rough ostinato figure, heard first in the introduction to the inn scene, characterizes him amusingly and reappears whenever he comes into the action:
to do so would have spoiled the dramatic point of the scene.
it is only after he has involved her emotions in his scheme that he uses her given name, placing himself by implication in the position of a solicitous father.
Another theme, sinuously chromatic, appears as he directs her to gain power over Grigori by any means, even at the cost of her honor.
Whatever the source of Rangoni's power, Marina is his captive now;
Even in its most conventional appearance, the guests'song of praise to Marina, there are a few female dissenters criticizing the princess for her coldness.
The jokes and arguments grow louder until the police return;
Though brief, it has a sharp dramatic edge and great poignancy.
So far these remarks, like most criticisms of Hardy, have tacitly assumed that his poetry is all of a piece, one solid mass of verse expressing a sensibility at a single stage of development.
so that, while it usually is easy to recognize a poem by Hardy, it is difficult to date one.
the internal organization rarely has any chronological order, except in obvious groups like the "Poems of Pilgrimage", the "Poems of 1912 - 13", and the war poems.
These observations about Hardy's productivity tally with the details of his life as we know them.
The second productive period, the decade from 1910 to 1920, can be related to three events: the completion of The Dynasts in 1909, which left Hardy free of pressure for the first time in forty years;
Like about half of the 1860 - 70 poems, it is a sonnet on a conventional theme -- the unhappiness of love.
The poem does not distort the syntax of ordinary speech nor draw on exotic sources of diction, yet it is obviously not ordinary speech -- only Hardy would say "a grin of bitterness swept thereby;
Hardy was not Hardy very often.
The poems are, the epigraph tells us, the "traces of an ancient flame";
So as the years passed, I saw them each time in the light of an accelerated personal conflagration.
Now Dylan Thomas and Charlie Parker have a great deal more in common than the same disastrous end.
The difference is that Horace accepted his theme with a kind of silken assurance.
As the world began to take on the guise of an immense air raid or gas oven, I believe his art became meaningless to him.
What Parker and his contemporaries -- Gillespie, Davis, Monk, Roach (Tristano is an anomaly), etc. -- did was to absorb the musical ornamentation of the older jazz into the basic structure, of which it then became an integral part, and with which it then developed.
This is one difference between Bird and Dylan which should be pointed out.
Thomas certainly wanted to tell people about the ruin and disorder of the world.
Just as Hart Crane had little influence on anyone except very reactionary writers -- like Allen Tate, for instance, to whom Valery was the last word in modern poetry and the felicities of an Apollinaire, let alone a Paul Eluard were nonsense -- so Dylan Thomas's influence has been slight indeed.
The cubist generation before World War 1, and, on a lower level, the surrealists of the period between the wars, both assumed an accepted universe of discourse, in which, to quote Andre Breton, it was possible to make definite advances, exactly as in the sciences.
Once again what has happened is an all-consuming confabulation of the incidentals, the accidents of painting.
Now there is nothing wrong with complicated wallpaper.
Since none of these glimpses of poetizing without writing is intended to incorporate a signature into the epic matter, there is prima-facie evidence that Beowulf and the Homeric poems each derive from an oral tradition.
Yet certain aids were valuable and quite credibly necessary for reciting long stretches of verse without a pause.
Limited to a few thousand lines of heroic verse in Anglo-Saxon as in the other Germanic dialects, we cannot say how frequently the kennings in Beowulf recurred in contemporary epic on the same soil.
With a few important and a few more unimportant exceptions, no expression can be deemed le mot juste for its context, because each was very probably the only expression that long-established practice and ease of rapid recitation would allow.
Time-servers, though the periphrastic expressions are, they may nevertheless be handsome or ironic or humorous.
In Coriolanus the agnomen of Marcius is used deliberately and pointedly, but the Homeric epithets and the Anglo-Saxon kennings are used casually and recall to the hearer "a familiar story or situation or a useful or pleasant quality of the referent".
If Cynewulf was literate, the Beowulf poet may have been also, and so may the final redactor of The Iliad and The Odyssey.
The closest scrutiny is owed to the Anglo-Saxon kennings and the Homeric epithets;
In Great Expectations the hands become almost an obsession.
Such associations suit well with the gothic or mystery-story aspects of Dickens'novel, but, on a deeper plane, they relate to the themes of sin, guilt, and pursuit that have recently been analyzed by other critics.
This last "rampage" is only the prelude to the vicious blow upon her head, "dealt by some unknown hand" whose identity is later revealed not verbally but through a manual action -- the tracing of Orlick's hammer upon a slate.
But only in one of its aspects is Great Expectations a tale of violence, revenge, and retribution.
Incidentally, one cannot miss the significance of this gesture, for Dickens reintroduces it associatively in Pip's mind at another moral and psychological crisis -- his painful recognition, in a talk with Herbert Pocket, that his hopeless attachment to Estella is as self-destructive as it is romantic.
The following items may be specified in actual or symbolic form in the operands of those instructions which refer to the particular items: channel, unit, combined channel and unit, combined arm and file, unit record synchronizers, inquiry synchronizers, and alteration switches.
Illustrations of the use of continuation cards are included throughout the examples illustrating the various statements.
At the end of this pass, the table indicates which index words and electronic switches are not available for assignment to symbolic references.
Index words and electronic switches may be reserved in the following ways.
by means of an actual label or
If, at any time during the assignment pass, the compiler finds that there are no more index words available for assignment, the warning message "No More Index Words Available" will be placed in the object program listing, the table will be altered to show that index words 1 through 96 are available, and the assignment will continue as before.
7070/7074 Autocoder includes the following declarative statements: DA (Define Area), DC (Define Constant), DRDW (Define Record Definition Word), DSW (Define Switch), DLINE (Define Line), EQU (Equate), CODE,DTF (Define Tape File), DIOCS (Define Input/Output Control System), and DUF (Descriptive Entry For Unit Records).
The DRDW statement may also be used to generate an RDW defining any area specified by the programmer.
DIOCS is used to select the major methods of processing to be used, and to name the index words used by Aj.
Source program format
If the second item in the operand is omitted, the symbolic name IOCSIXG will be assigned.
They indicated that a 4-day retention, aerated lagoon would give 60 to 76 per cent BOD reduction.
In the summer of 1960 the oxidation pond became completely septic and emitted obnoxious odors.
The pilot lagoon was located as shown in Figure 1 to serve the area just south of the existing housing area.
Analyses
Pilot plant operations
Needless to say, the organic load was very low on a volumetric basis, but was 270 lb BOD/day/acre on a surface loading basis.
The average sludge age based on displacement of solids was calculated to be 14.5 days.
Routine microscopic examinations were made of the mixed liquor as indicated by McKinney and Gram for the various types of protozoa.
Only once were stalked ciliates found in the mixed liquor.
A series of eight special tests were conducted at different rotor speeds to determine the oxygen transfer rate.
The organic concentration in the influent raw sewage ranged from 160 to 270 mg/l of BOD with an average of 230 Aj.
Thus, the three main categories of antisubmarine warfare operations are defense of shipping, defense of naval forces, and area defense.
Operational intelligence presumably will be available from our national intelligence agencies;
Thus, the most productive areas are not necessarily the most stressed.
Lacking guidance, industry picks its own areas.
Attack can come from almost any direction against many locations.
Initially, having fewer units of some elements -- especially submarines -- than the opponent, our capabilities need to be sufficiently greater than theirs, so that the exchange will be in our favor.
Some limitations of one element can be compensated for by a capability of another.
The seventh principle of the plan is self-evident;
These are arranged approximately in the order of the vociferousness of their proponents but will be discussed in the reverse order in the hope that the true order of importance will result.
A program is needed to translate the results of oceanographic research into tactical and operating instructions.
Mine warfare has in the past been directed against surface targets.
More extended systems, covering all passage into the Caribbean, would free the Caribbean and the Gulf of Mexico from the previously listed requirements.
No general installation should be made until a model installation has been proved and its maximum capability determined.
Metabolite 1, isolated from the medium, however, showed a lower specific activity, which indicates endogenous synthesis of this metabolite.
Various metal ions have been found to protect plasma arylesterase against inactivation by urea and guanidine.
It was observed that EWC macromolecules are the same diameter (15 a.) but much longer (up to several microns) than vertebrate tropocollagen.
(E. G. Erdos, C. D. Mackey, A. G. Renfrew, W. B. Severs, E. M. Sloane) seed proteins
(B. D. Coleman with Walter Noll, Department of Mathematics, Carnegie Institute of Technology) viscoelastic measurements
Gallium oxide is less volatile than silica (the main constituent of tektites) and germanium oxide is more volatile.
These always contain metallic inclusions.
Some of the previously reported compounds have thus been reformulated and a series of new hydrido and carbonyl compounds discovered, the more representative examples being Af, Af, Af, Af and Af (Af).
Simple elongation has been treated in detail.
Only uninterrupted sequences of the former are eligible for formation of crystallites.
(C. A. J. Hoeve, P. J. Flory) anionic Polymerization
T. V. Barker, who developed the classification-angle system, was about to begin the systematic compilation of the index when he died in 1931.
and Volume 2, with about 3500 monoclinic substances.
Use of nomenclature, symbols, units, physical constants:
The tables include those for the classification angles, refractive indices, and melting points of the various types of crystals.
2-2.
The continuity of the project is suggested by plans for an eventual third edition.
Part 2, up to the end of 1951.
Format:
The manuscript of the second edition will probably be ready by the end of 1960.
The data presented are derived almost entirely from X-ray diffraction measurements and include atomic coordinates, cell dimensions, and atomic and ionic radii.
During the years of publication, supplement and replacement sheets were issued periodically.
There are three indexes, i.e., an inorganic formula index, a mineralogical name index, and a name index to organic compounds.
A number of people became involved in the preparation but work was slow until 1937.
Volume 3, is nearing completion and there are plans to revise Volume 1.
abstracts and other compilations on rare occasions when original papers are not available.
The data are presented in text and tables in bound volumes.
The Groth Institute
Properties:
Use of nomenclature, symbols, units, physical constants:
Factors responsible for the spoilage of foods
The term "sterilization" applies to methods involving essentially complete destruction of all microorganisms.
It will, however, inhibit the sprouting of potatoes and other root vegetables.
Preserving foods with ionizing radiation leads to some undesirable side effects, particularly at the higher radiation dosages.
Of the various particle accelerators, the Van De Graff machines, resonant transformers, and linear accelerators are the principal ones available for commercial use.
Present status of irradiation preservation of foods
Commercial interest is chiefly in this type of treatment, as is military interest under peacetime conditions.
Moderate radiation doses of from 100,000 to 200,000 rads can extend the shelf life (at 35 F) of fresh beef from 5 days to 5 or 6 weeks.
The principal potential advantage would be that the finished product could be transported and stored at lower cost under refrigeration instead of being frozen.
(3)
Although refrigeration has served to extend the storage life of these products, substantially increased consumption might be possible if areas remote from the seacoast could be served adequately.
If a wedge-shaped coating of increasing thickness is removed from a substrate by an instrument like the Hesiometer with a knife of constant rake angle, a number of removal mechanisms are often observed which depend upon the thickness of the coating.
It can be seen that the force is characteristic of the removal process and changes abruptly from cutting to cracking to peeling removal.
The various forces result from the reaction of the removed paint chip against the face of the knife and along the shear plane, which makes an angle **yf with the substrate.
**yt is the friction angle;
From Fig. 6 the relationship between these parameters can readily be derived and the cutting force is Af where **yl is the shear strength of the coating and is a parameter of the coatings material, W is the width of the removed coating and T is its thickness.
It can be seen that Af is a constant, and is determined for the most part by the geometry of the knife.
The value of Af can readily be assessed by determining the frictional force exerted on the knife while running over the previously stripped coating track under various external loadings.
This is shown in the photomicrograph of Fig. 8.
The cracking mechanism
On the following pages, each of the major commercial foamed plastics is described in detail, as to properties, applications, and methods of processing.
Extruded expandable styrene film or sheet -- claimed to be competitive price-wise with paper -- also showed much potential, particularly for packaging.
The markets that have started to open up for the foam in the past year or so seem to justify the expectations.
More recently, polyethers -- again in varied compositions, molecular weights, and branching -- have come into use at first for the flexible foams, just lately for the rigids.
Basically, this means that simpler processing equipment (the mixture has good flowing characteristics) and less external heat (the foaming reaction is exothermic and develops internal heat) are required in one-shot foaming, although, at the same time, the problems of controlling the conditions of one-shot foaming are critical ones.
In temperature resistance, this quality is usually related to specific properties, e.g., flexural, tensile strengths, etc.
Tensile strength:
The ingredients are fed from tanks through a hose and into the mixer at a predetermined rate.
Only by resorting to molding techniques can the cushion manufacturer hope to compete satisfactorily in the established cushion market.
In a typical application -- the making of rigid urethane foam sandwich panels -- an amount of foam mixture calculated to expand 10 to 20% more than the volume of the panel is poured into the panel void and the top of the panel is locked in place by a jig.
At this point the drains are readjusted so that the suds box drain will discharge directly into the waste line and the main tub drain is set at the 2-1/2 mark on the drain gauge.
Four washing test procedures are established, varying in severity from very severe to very mild, and are intended to cover the range of practical washing from commercial procedure to hand washing.
Temperature and time of agitation in the wash wheel are varied to obtain different degrees of severity.
The machine is equipped with a pipe for injecting live steam that is capable of raising the temperature of water at an eight-inch level from 110-degrees to 140-degrees-F (38*0 to 60*0C.) in less than two minutes.
Screen drying racks -- 16-mesh screening (Saran or Velon).
Two of the clamps are fixed to the edges of the board whereas two clamps travel on guide rails opposite the fixed clamps.
The surface of the apparatus in contact with the test specimen is uncluttered and polished so as to be as friction-free as possible.
The distances may be marked with indelible ink and a fine-point pen, by sewing fine threads into the fabric, or by a specially designed stamping machine.
Place the template (Fig. 2) on the fabric so that the sides of the 10 inch square cut out of the template are parallel to the warp and filling for woven fabrics, or the wales and courses for knitted fabrics, and so that the same amount of fabric extends beyond the edges of the template on all sides.
washing --
Refill the machine to a level of Af inches with water at 100 - 109-degrees-F ((38 - 43*0 C.) and start the machine.
Immediately refill to a level of Af inches with water at 100 - 109-degrees-F (38 - 43*0C).
Transmission secondary electron multiplication image intensifiers (TSEM tubes), (E)
Furthermore, the thin film dynodes appear to have a natural diameter limitation wherever a mesh support cannot be tolerated.
The luminous efficiency and resolution of single stages, fiber couplers, and finally of the composite tube will be computed.
The photoelectrons emitted from a circular segment of the cathode sphere are focused by the positive lens action of the two concentric spheres, pass through the (negative) lens formed by the anode aperture, and impinge upon the cathodoluminescent viewing screen.
Theoretical discussion of flux gain
The efficiency of fiber optics plates depends on four factors: (A)
Settled phosphors, as generally used in image intensifiers, have low optical contact with the substrate surface, hence Af shall be assumed.
These losses depend on fiber diameter and length, absorption coefficient, the mean value of the loss per internal reflection and last, but not least, on the angular distribution of the incident light.
It must be remembered that the fiber plates replace a glass window and a (mica) membrane, in addition to an optical output lens system.
The integrals (in units) are listed in table 14-1, below.
The following efficiencies obtained from JEDEC and RCA specifications were used: Af
It should be noted that photoluminescence, due to "Bremsstrahlung" generated within the viewing screen by electron impact, appears to be important only if anode voltages in excess of 30 KV are utilized.
The specification of the objective function of which the optimization is desired.
At each step of the calculation the operating variables of only one stage need be varied.
If the problem is enlarged to require a complete coverage of feed states, Af operations are needed by the dynamic program and Af by the direct search.
At the same time, every device that can be employed to reduce the number of variables is of the greatest value, and it is one of the attractive features of dynamic programming that room is left for ingenuity in using the special features of the problem to this end.
The set of vectors Af constitutes the operating policy or, more briefly, the policy, and a policy is admissible if all the Af belong to S.
This is the feed state of the subsequent Af stages which, according to the principle of optimality, must use an optimal Af-stage policy with respect to this state.
In the third column is given the optimal policy for stage R, and in the fourth, the resulting state of the stream when this policy is used.
2.3 the discrete stochastic process
The type of presentation of results used in the deterministic process may be used here, except that now the fourth column is redundant.
A gyro-stabilized platform system, using restrained gyros, is well suited for automatic leveling because of the characteristics of the gyro-platform-servo combination.
As the accelerometer output is decreasing, the torque applied to the gyro output axis decreases and, therefore, the rate decreases.
In this type of system, a high loop gain is desirable because it provides a fast response time.
There are many such components of acceleration present due to the effect of wind gusts, engine noise, turbulence around the vehicle, etc.
The platform actually tilts off level so that the accelerometer output, when amplified by Af, will supply the correct current to the gyro torquer to cancel the gyro drift.
The process consists in turning the platform manually until the outputs of both accelerometers are zero.
This process is especially difficult since gyro drifting is typically random.
With the gyro-stabilized platform leveled, it can be headed in the proper direction by using surveying techniques.
The images can easily be aligned with a high degree of accuracy.
This instrument provides an electrical signal proportional to the angular deviations of the platform and can be used to automatically hold the platform on true heading.
Gyrocompass heading.
The sensing of this rotation by the X gyro can be utilized to direct the platform into proper heading.
Scotty accepted the decision with indifference and did not enter the arguments.
He looked at his son, his face worried.
his lips and the usually sharp lines of his jaw had become swollen-looking.
Mr. McKinley, for all his sprawling and his easy familiarity, was completely alert to his son, eyes always on the still face, jumping to anticipate Scotty's desires.
And then: "There are lots of kids around here".
Rachel, observing, would say, "He has to rediscover his own capacity.
his mouth hung slightly open.
Rachel mentioned Kate.
He thought he saw -- it awakened and, for a moment, interested him -- that Elizabeth held a leash in her hand and that a round fuzzy puppy was on the end of the leash.
The doctor had to bend close to hear;
His stethoscope was on the table by Scotty's bed and he picked it up and wagged it at Scotty.
She said, "Do you think you'll miss school"?
Apparently you were the light of their lives".
Rachel's tone was dry.
Scotty said, "Okay".
Or: "Does he get exercise"?
"I'm not supposed to yet".
There the objective sat, brooding over all.
Tonight a group of men, tomorrow night he himself, would go out there somewhere and wait.
He did not spill over with hatred for the enemy.
another man lugged the tripod and a box of ammunition.
That still holds.
But theirs defied the detectors.
His eyes now fixed on White's solid figure, Warren could hear behind him the tread of another.
And with each sigh, like a whip in the hand of an expert, the grass stripped something from Warren.
Warren thought of all the men out that night who, like himself, had left their protective ridge and -- fear working at their guts -- picked their way into the area beyond.
Over his shoulder he could see Prevot with the machine gun crew.
Above, the glowing ivory baton of their searchlight pointed at the clouds, diluting the valley's dark to a pallid light.
they had been severed at the wrists.
"Mais, oui.
That was the day that Pierre had told Warren about the Abbey of Solesmes.
Al's Little Cafe was small, dark, narrow, and filled with the mingled scent of beer, tobacco smoke, and Italian cooking.
Jane sat receptive and interested.
That's to say, he was trigger happy.
It wasn't there.
Trig was one of the five volunteers.
We don't'low nigras to walk on the same sidewalk with white men where I come from.
Jefferson Lawrence was alone at the small, perfectly appointed table by the window looking out over the river.
At any cost, he must leave the dreary Pennsylvania mining town where his father was a pharmacist.
By the time he was prosperous enough -- his goals were high -- he was bald and afraid of women.
He said the matter was urgent.
A half hour later the Vice President arrived.
The Secretary did not tell him at what cost, at what loneliness, he learned these things.
Where will you break?
This is why I say we just can't go ahead and disarm the Germans and pull down our own defenses.
Annisberg was about seventy-five miles west of Birmingham, near the Georgia border and on the Tallahoosa River, a small and dirty stream.
It had been there 50 years or more and everybody in town, black and white, knew of it.
With shout and slow dance, with tears and song, with scream and contortion, the corner group was beset by hysteria and shivering, wailing, shouting, possession of something that seemed like an alien and outside force.
At the very end, when the audience was silent and breathless, a collection was taken and then slowly everyone filed out.
The church itself must be repaired.
the other exclusively Negro.
But nevertheless it looked respectable.
The Presiding Elder looked him over rather carefully.
The bank which held the mortgage on the old church declared that the interest was considerably in arrears, and the real estate people said flatly that the land across the river was being held for an eventual development for white working people who were coming in, and that none would be sold to colored folk.
Wilson again went downtown to a different banker, an intelligent young white man who seemed rather sympathetic, but he shook his head.
The young banker looked at him with a certain surprise, and then he said flatly: "I'm afraid I can't tell you anything in particular about Kent House.
They hire a good deal of local labor, including two members of our Trustee Board.
The inmates were white and from out of town, avoiding local friction.
Secretary of State Seward was a sick man.
It was still Good Friday, after all.
Above him somewhere were the bedrooms.
He brushed by the idiotic boy and lumbered heavily up the stairs.
"I will go".
The nigger boy fled down the stairs, screaming, "Murder".
He went for the bed, jumped on it, and struck where he could, repeatedly.
"I'm mad", and only wished he had been.
He unhitched his horse, walked it away, mounted, and spurred it on.
Cap would find him and take care of him.
He was delighted to see them so happy.
It was not so much that the shot had stunned the audience, as that they had been stunned already.
That was when the gun went off.
The figure leapt from the box, almost lost its balance, the flag draped there tore in the air, the figure landed on its left leg, fell on its hands, and pressed itself up.
Harry Hawk had not shifted position, but he at last lowered his arm.
In the Presidential box someone leaned over the balustrade and yelled: "He has shot the President"!
A Dr. Charles Taft clambered up on the stage and got the actors to hoist him up to the box.
Once more, Katie reared, and whinnied in fear.
He saw the ground coming up -- and the stranger's head.
Only the top of the head, with a spot bare and white as a clamshell, remained visible.
His mother was nudging him, but he was still falling.
The trainman called.
He stared at the far morning, expecting a pendulum to swing across the horizon.
ivy climbed the red brick walls like a green-scaled monster.
The steeple leaned backward, while the church advanced like a headless creature in a long, shapeless coat.
So, walking in awe, he became familiar with God, who resided chiefly in Drew Centennial Church with its high steeple and clock.
-- and crossed the suspension bridge to Matamoras;
He was torn between the excitement in the sun-inflamed waters and a little engine chugging northward on the Monticello Branch.
Uncle and Aunt Howe were the witnesses".
Far away, standing before a curtained window in the study room, was his father, hands tucked under his coattails, and staring into the dark church.
For His mercy and His guidance to spare you from evil and eternal punishment in the Lake of Fire".
The stern face would relax, the black-clad arms would embrace him, "My son"!
Aggie might fly into a closet, shut the door and bury her head in the clothes;
Violet whinnied from the stable.
When the sun came out, Stevie strode proudly into Orange Square, smiling like a landlord on industrious tenants.
No one told on Ludie, not even when he slipped live grasshoppers into the mite-box.
On the Christophers'lawn, little girls in white pinafores were playing grownups at a tea party.
a piano tinkled.
Oh, sweet land of heaven, haint there just nothin like sweet nigger pussy!
Jee-sus, We Fixed him!
The big shock everybody had when they found ol Slater and those others done for.
But I told him, goddammit.
There was something troubling him though: as yet they hadn't Five days.
He had never heard the word reactionary before his life as a POW began.
To fuck up the program.
"They'll get them by God and let them bring them down here to me, just let them, God, I'll slice their balls right off.
He tried to stifle it.
Now he heard it, fully;
Jesus, the guy says he is trying.
Sleepy-eyed, soft-spoken Johnson, Biggest thorn in my side of the whole fucken squad.
Most on the ball.
Keeeerist!
Poor ol Slater.
The man moved away.
All those dumb 8-Balls croaked.
He whirled around, suddenly hot all over, finding the man who had been standing before him a few moments back, nailing him to the spot on which he now stood, open-mouthed.
He looked for the source of the noise that had awakened him.
Am I dreamin?
I'm no hero.
I bet.
He rolled over and tried to shut out the noise, now much louder.
Over on the bank, the west bank, a man stood, calling to him.
He goes to the chief himself.
Could he have pen and paper, please?
But his facility in this genre was not great.
"This is the sort of stuff I write and then throw away"!
Well, yes, perhaps in literature, since you could argue that you couldn't keep silent about your feelings against literature and so were involved in spite of yourself.
That glory, craved for so long, was now forbidden to him.
Rousseau had to admit that though he couldn't agree to a public performance, he would indeed, just for his own private satisfaction, dearly love to know how his work would sound when done by professional musicians and by trained voices.
"Let me do the submitting to the Royal Academy", he suggested.
"What was your answer"?
-- he had to play a role of self-effacement.
Seeing him in that condition, and about to enter the hall where the King, the Queen, the whole royal family and all the members of the highest aristocracy would be present, Grimm and the Abbe Raynal and others tried to stop him.
"At home, yes", they argued.
"Is it because of my slovenliness that hair grows on my face?
He trembled lest his piece should fail.
By God, they're a-coming, they are"!
I have heard people talk with contempt about the British regulars, but that only proves that a lot of people talk about things of which they are deplorably ignorant.
He was a fine and showy rider, but his skill was wasted on us.
In my recollection, there was a long interval between the death of the officer and the appearance of the first of the retreating redcoats, and in that interval the dust cloud over the road seems to hover indefinitely.
The front of their column had already passed us, when another officer came riding down the side of the road, not five paces from where we were.
I would have stood there and died there if left to myself, but Cousin Simmons grabbed my arm in his viselike grip and fairly plucked me out of there;
I know that I myself felt that it was a mortal shame for a man to be torn open by a British musket ball, as Isaac had been, yet I also felt relieved and lucky that it had been him and not myself.
While this was being discussed, we saw the militia to the west of us fanning out and breaking into little clusters of two and three men as they approached the road.
We ran east for about half a mile before we turned back to the road, panting from the effort and soaked with sweat.
Dancing was no longer permitted in the streets.
The next morning, as the clock struck nine, he appeared at the Council meeting in the Town Hall and insisted that the couple would have to be punished if the Church was to be respected.
"What Master Calvin says is true.
A week later the sentence of the Council was carried out: Jake Camaret and the woman were marched naked through the streets past a mocking populace.
Not even Varnessa;
As he neared the square, a round figure muffled in a long, black cape whisked by.
above him the deep blue sky glittered with stars.
Letters came regularly from Nerien, Nicholas, and Martin.
Libertines recalled the heroism of the past and demanded: "Are we going to allow the Protestant Pope, Master Calvin, to curtail our liberty?
John thought.
John asked tiredly.
Those who refused to believe that He was the eternal Son of God were termed Arianists.
"It was always the spirit with Christ;
He wanted to run, but he knew that if he did, he would be lost.
His voice shook a little.
Fists pummeled him as he staggered forward.
He knew its meaning.
What was he expiating?
This was the hut of Simms Purdew, the hero.
He thought that if once, only once, he could talk with Simms Purdew, something about his own life, and all life, would be clear and simple.
Adam watched the moisture flow from the poncho.
The feet wore army shoes, in obvious disrepair.
He recognized her because she was the one who, in a winter twilight, on the edge of camp, had once stopped him and reached down her hand to touch his fly.
Then the words fell into a pattern: "Mollie the Mutton is scratching her nose, Scratching her nose in the rain.
He demanded.
He strained to hear.
What had that man, that other young Jew, felt as he stood in the twilight and heard other men, far away, singing together?
Then he thought of Aaron Blaustein standing in his rich house saying: "God is tired of taking the blame.
"Yeah", Mose murmured, "yeah.
And it squealed for slop".
"Good ole lob-scuse", he mumbled, and stirred the pot.
Fritzie was on the couch reading;
Some liar's logic, a wisp of optimism as fragile as the scent of tropical blossoms that came through the window (a euphoria perhaps engendered by the pill Fritzie had given her), consoled her for a moment.
"'nother minute I'd have been fine.
Both had been up since 7:00 -- Irv on the early-morning watch, McFeeley unable to sleep during his four-hour relief.
Not seeing her dark intelligent face, one would have gauged the voice as that of a Westwood Village matron, ten years out of Iowa.
Moll took his coffee into the nursery.
"Oh -- we managed", she said.
The previous night's horror -- the absolute failure, overcast with the intrusions of the press, had left them all with a wan sense of uselessness, of play-acting.
Mrs. Andrus was talking to the maid, arranging for her to come in every day, instead of the four days she now worked.
When McFeeley was halfway to the door, the proprietor emerged -- a mountainous, dark man, his head thick with resiny black hair, his eyes like two of the black olives he imported in boatloads.
No, they hadn't seen anyone around;
They possessed no outer fortifications, no hard shells of confidence;
The door was answered by a slender man in his sixties -- straight-backed, somewhat clerical in manner, wearing rimless glasses.
The dog refused to be scared off, so Kahler had purchased some small firecrackers.
They found the teakettle.
He didn't, but it was not really a question, and so he left the room, walked down the hall to the front of the apartment, hesitated, and then knocked lightly on the closed door of the study.
Every time he moved or said something, the chair creaked again.
Eugene was in his pajamas and dressing gown, and on his large feet he wore yellow Turkish slippers that turned up at the toes.
"She wants you and Barbara to have dinner with her tomorrow night".
The schoolboy.
Looking around slowly, he saw a marble fireplace, a desk, a low bookcase of mahogany with criss-crossed brass wire instead of glass panes in the doors.
No novels.
They went to the Flea Market, expecting to find the treasures of Europe, and found instead a duplication of that long double row of booths in Tours.
He did not explain where he was going, and they did not ask.
They had Vermouth, sitting in front of a cafe.
Barbara asked, standing in the doorway.
"I don't know what I'm going to do with you".
The thing about Eugene is that he's very proud".
Mostly the scene was crowded with mourners, such as the dramatic Dell'Arca Lamentation in Bologna, where the grief-stricken spectators had usurped Mary's last poignant moment.
Now she was intensely alive, anguished;
His Mary would be slender of limb and delicate of proportion, yet she must hold this full-grown man as securely and convincingly as she would a child.
"So that's sculpture", commented Argiento wryly, when he had sluiced down the floor for a week, "making mud pies".
He was told to ask for Rabbi Melzi at the synagogue on Saturday afternoon.
I wish to make Jesus an authentic Jew.
And sensitivity".
He then draped him over the rough stand, explained that he was supposed to be recently dead, and was being held on his mother's lap.
Since the Santo Spirito hospital had taken only men, he had had no experience in the study of female anatomy;
He respected each of these approach techniques, and kept them in character: his quill drawings had a scratchiness, suggesting skin texture;
10.
Before dawn.
It took a piece of bad luck to show Michelangelo that the boy was devoted to him.
At dawn Argiento went to Jacopo Galli.
"
"God called her to Him", the minister had said.
She had even steeled herself to keep Juanita upstairs in the nurse's room off the empty nursery, although the girl tried to insist on moving back to the quarters to spare Kate remembrance of the baby's death.
Uncle Randolph had been riding out every evening on some secret business of his own.
"Hush", said Uncle Randolph, smiling, "or I'll give you another black eye".
He had the hardest pains of growing before him now, as he approached twelve.
The men were restive, he wrote, ready to take the battle to the enemy as Jackson wished.
Her mother wrote Kate of her grief at the death of Kate's baby and at Jonathan's decision to go with the South "And, dear Kate", she wrote, "poor Dr. Breckenridge's son Robert is now organizing a militia company to go South, to his good father's sorrow.
Joel went to the crest of a hill behind the house and lit an enormous victory bonfire to celebrate.
Kate greeted him gravely, uneasy with misgivings at his visit.
I am to go to Washington to serve with him".
When Marsh called to his aide and the pair rode off down the River Road where the gentians burned blue, Juanita was shaken and trying not to cry.
"No, the decision is yours.
"Well, I'm here at last", she said, addressing the old portraits on the walls.
When Peter had reached his majority at eighteen?
There a certain farmhouse was a station for the Sons of Liberty.
It was a grotesque hen, five or six feet tall.
Then it was gone.
A fringe of housing and gardens bearded the top of the heights, and behind it were sandy roads leading past farms and hayfields.
The captain's gig of H.M.S. Mercury was being rowed to H.M.S. Neptune.
Waited for more ships, more lobster-backed infantry, and asked what was to be done with a war of rebellion?
He scratched his mosquito-plagued neck.
what mattered was that a new concept of Americans was being born.
One had to believe in final events or one was stranded in the abyss of nothing.
He felt cheerful again, refreshed;
Peasants puzzled Andrei.
He had sat beside Alexander Brandel at the rostrum of a congress of Zionists.
This was how Alexander Brandel expressed pure Zionism.
Once there had been big glittering rooms where Ulanys bowed and kissed the ladies'hands as they flirted from behind their fans.
The terrible vision of the ghetto streets flooded his mind.
He guessed by their appearance that they were Rumanians.
Globocnik built the Death's-Head Corps.
Lublin was their heart.
Down the boulevard he could see a portion of the ghetto wall.
He almost broke into tears.
Not a bad girl.
Andrei asked.
The stories Everyone really knows what is happening there".
I cannot think things out too well.
Why"?
"And do you really think that the world outside Poland will care any more than we do"?
He washed it down with beer and produced a deep-seated belch.
Maybe yes, maybe no, but you can observe everything from the roof of a barrack we are building".
Grabski had never seen so much money.
When I'd delivered myself of that gem there was nothing to do but order up another drink.
Eileen got to dancing, just a little tiny dancing step to a hummed tune that you could hardly notice, and trying to pick up strange men, but each time I was ready to say to hell with it and walk out she'd pull herself together and talk so understandingly in that sweet husky voice about the good times and the happiness we'd had together and there I was back on the hook.
The place smelt of some kind of hair lotion these pimplike characters use.
He can't object to that".
We both had hangovers.
Oval face without an expression in the world.
Instead of wanting to sock the poor bastard I found myself having a fellowfeeling for him.
She added a postscript begging me to be careful about drinking.
"Who do you think pays the rent?
Still he let Eileen treat him like a valet.
When I was in liquor I rode him pretty hard I guess.
I raised some kale by hocking the good clothes I had left over from my respectable uptown life, but when that was gone I didn't have a cent.
Now it would be up to me to keep the little girl out of mischief.
Now Eileen really would have to settle down to love honor and obey, and she'd have to quit drinking.
One reason the portwatchers let Sposato take them over was to get the protection of his musclemen.
All of the jobs in the mission might be equal in the eyes of the Lord, but they were certainly not equal in the eyes of the Lord's servants.
His arm had been giving him some trouble and Rector was not enough of a medical expert to determine whether it had healed improperly or whether Hino was simply rebelling against the tedious work in the print shop, using the stiffness in his arm as an excuse.
In all of his experience in the mission field Rector had never seen a convert quite like Hino.
Rector was often curious;
Rector said.
Rector laughed despite himself.
Fujimoto had a pile of cuttings near one side of the lawn.
He did not wish to deceive Kayabashi exactly, just to display the mission activities in a graphic and impressive manner.
The little Ito girl had had to go home.
"I've adjusted the gauge so that the pump cuts out before the water gets too low.
You'll find an old transit in the basement.
He found Elizabeth in the parlor and asked her to make sure everything was in order in the residential hall, and then to take charge of the office while the party was here.
Claire was bitterly disappointed but determined not to let the rebuff daunt her purpose.
She opened his reply with trembling fingers he agreed!
And so they went, he choosing of all places an inn near Medmenham Abbey, scene a generation ago of the obscene orgies of the Hellfire Club.
Alone with the fabulous Byron!
At the inn, which was situated close to a broad weir, Byron was greeted by the landlord with obsequious deference and addressed as "milord".
When Napoleon's ship had borne him to Elba, French wines had started to cross the Channel, the first shipments in a dozen war-ridden years, but the supplies had not yet reached rural hostelries where the sweet wines of the Spanish peninsula still ruled.
"So you know something of the classics, do you"?
Brains and beauty, high position in both the social and intellectual worlds, athlete, fabled lover -- if ever the world was any man's oyster it was his.
Lord Byron poured himself another glass of wine and held it up to the candle flame admiring the rich color.
"I am tired of sultans and scimitars".
With a pardonable irony Shelley wrote to the father who had publicly disowned his daughter:
"And in the future, since I write for a public of one, I can save the poor publishers from wasting their money".
Mary's supercritical attitude toward Byron had nothing to do with his moral disrepute.
But the liaison successfully started in the last days of autumn was now languishing.
-- The last six months, sir?
He glanced back.
There was no place to sit, but Watson walked slowly from the ladder to the window slits and back, stooping slightly to avoid striking his head on the heavy beams.
The officer had told him that both lists must be checked.
Watson glanced briefly at him, seeing only a body rigidly erect behind the languid banner.
He tried to order the words of the three Union officers, seeking to create some coherent portrait of the dead boy.
Wasn't the report official enough?
He clutched the staff, and his dark eyes blinked apologetically.
Behind them shambled a long column of weak, tattered men.
The third crawling man forced himself erect.
The figure on the earth halted, seemingly bewildered.
The figure halted, and Watson gasped.
Watson pounded to the crawling man and stopped, panting heavily.
-- no.
-- yes.
His sweet whisper came after great effort.
-- Henry?
Intelligence jabbed at him accusingly.
What a fool he had been to think of his brother!
What right had John to any special consideration?
I would not want to be one of those writers who begin each morning by exclaiming, "O Gogol, O Chekhov, O Thackeray and Dickens, what would you have made of a bomb shelter ornamented with four plaster-of-Paris ducks, a birdbath, and three composition gnomes with long beards and red mobcaps"?
Show her the new swimming pool and she would say, slapping her ankle, "I suppose this must be where you breed your gigantic mosquitoes".
One might pretend never to have seen one before, or, to more purpose, that there would never be another like it.
Mrs. Balcolm worked for the brain.
Mrs. Pastern had telephoned most of her neighbors in advance, and most of them were ready for her.
"Nobody does, but they gave me ten last year".
"Oh, please come in", she said.
Changing his clothes upstairs?
"I'll have a drink, then, if you'll have one with me".
She and her husband had formerly lived in New York, where she had many friends, but Mr. Flannagan thought the country would be safer in case of war.
And knowing its humble place in the scale of things, why did he, at this time of life, seem almost ready to sell his soul for plumpness?
"Where have you been"?
Show them who's boss"!
Maple and ash, beech and elm, one hundred to win on Three in the fourth, fifty to win on Six in the third, one hundred to win on Two in the eighth.
There she extracted two limp vellum sheets and wrote off the letters, one to Abel, one to Mark.
"My nephews will be coming down", she said that evening as Angelina brought her dinner into the dining room, the whole meal on a vast linen-covered tray.
I hope Raphael bought them whole".
Jessica Packard lifted her head and followed the retreating figure, her eyes resting nearly closed on the unself-conscious rise and fall of the rounded hips.
What hope lay in the nephews, she asked the intensifying light out there, with one married to a barren woman and the other divorced, having sired two girl children, with none to bear on the Packard name?
He ran on his plump sticks of legs, freezing now and again into the sudden startled attitudes which the camera had caught and held on the paling photographs, all carefully placed and glued and labeled, resting in the fat plush album in the bottom drawer of the escritoire.
Solid, settled lost.
He and Mark were the last of the family, and there lay the Cape Ann property which had seemed to have no end, stretching from horizon to horizon, in those golden days of summer.
I feel kind of bad about it".
Mark's thoughts must have been keeping silent pace beside his own, climbing the same crags in dirty white sneakers, clambering out on top of the headland and coming upon the sudden glinting water at the same instant.
They came unexpectedly upon the sea.
He was all shoveled up like I thought he'd be.
He always slept close to the wall so you had to lean to reach him.
He was bitter when he missed.
"The kid's froze good.
Hans found him froze.
You know I don't want to see Pedersen.
That cock.
He's an even bigger fool than you are.
Hans got an axe.
"What about your pa"?
"Don't be smart.
You want the kid to die?
Get pig-drunk -- that's what he wants.
Not any more.
I took the pail and shovel and went out on the porch.
but since she didn't know we'd given it to her, there was no easy way of getting it back.
Sometimes he didn't seem to because he hid them so well he couldn't find them himself or because he looked and didn't find anything and figured he hadn't hid one after all or had drunk it up.
"You going to put more towels on him"?
Ma poked her toe in the kid's clothes.
I took him by the shoulders.
"He'll choke anyway".
"Shut up.
he rose at half-past six every morning, made himself some French coffee, had his corn flakes and more coffee, smoked four cigarettes while reading last Sunday's Herald Tribune and yesterday's Pittsburgh Gazette, then put on his high-topped farmer's shoes and walked under a vine bower to his workshop.
This air of disengagement carried over to his apparent attitude toward his things, and people often mistook it for boredom in him or a surrender to repetitious routine.
He saw the surprise in her face, and laughed as though it were the funniest expression he had ever seen.
She was personally sloppy, and when she had colds would blow her nose in the same handkerchief all day and keep it, soaking wet, dangling from her waist, and when she gardened she would eat dinner with dirt on her calves.
He looked at her out of himself, she thought, as he did only for an instant at a time, the look which always surprised her even now when his uncombable hair was yellowing a little and his breath came hard through his nicotine-choked lungs, the look of the gaunt youth she had suddenly found herself staring at in the Tate Gallery on a Thursday once.
She did this now, comfortably aware of the mist running down the windows, of the silence outside, of the dark afternoon it was getting to be.
She stood still over the leg of lamb, rubbing herbs into it, quite suddenly conscious of a nausea in her stomach and a feeling of wrath, a sensation of violence that started her shivering.
She had done all the things she had promised herself she would do, but she had not thought of this.
sometimes she opened her eyes and looked around, and sometimes she took a little milk or soup.
The women and children stayed at the Albrights'.
They were an old fat couple (as Linda Kay described them to herself), a thick middle-aged man, and a girl about ten or twelve.
We came on as soon as we could".
"She married our baby boy, Bobby Joe, this summer".
She asked Bobby Joe that night.
Bobby Joe was thinking about something else.
When he was a kid I wasn't around".
Bobby Joe would be a senior this year, and he planned to graduate.
"Cook a whole antelope"?
It was full-of-the-moon (or a little past), and nearly light as day.
Bobby Joe had been sitting close to her, touching her actually, and holding her hand from time to time, but it seemed at once that Howard sat much closer.
"What I want you to do is to go to the market with me early tomorrow morning and help smuggle the hen back into the hotel".
That first entry there is the Vermont Flumenophobe, the earliest and one of the most successful of my eighty-three varieties -- great big scapulars and hardly any primaries at all.
He stroked the hens and they responded with delighted clucks, he gobbled with the turkeys and they at once were all attention, he quacked with the ducks, and cackled with a pair of exceedingly flattered geese.
Alex entered first and was followed by the doctor who, for all his care, manifested a perceptible bulge on his left side where the hen was cradled.
"Comment"?
Startled, he jumped up to pull hen and case out of view, and Alex went to the door.
he rose to put his greatcoat on and addressed Alex in a muted voice.
At the door Alex managed to persuade the increasingly astonished fille de chambre to return in ten minutes.
The events of the last quarter of an hour, mysterious to any bird accustomed only to the predictable life of coop and barnyard, had overcome the doctor's hen and she gave out a series of cackly wails, perhaps mourning her nest, but briefly enjoyed.
"Well", he began, "It seems like some people in Paris want to hear more from me than those fellers over at the conference house do.
"Here", Winston said gently, "what's these dishes doing not washed"?
She twitched her leg away.
Winston watched her fumbling to untie her apron.
"At least there is room here", she said.
We've only been married four years, January".
He asked Leona.
Winston hurried through the swinging door.
"Hey"!
"Look out for those movers"!
Ten years ago, he had come to the house to be interviewed.
And the dogwood in early May, for Miss Ada's alfresco party;
In the living room, Miss Ada was standing by the window with a sheaf of lists in her hand.
Frowning, Miss Ada studied the list.
"What possessed you to tell me a clotheshorse would be a good idea"?
It was meant to be my present".
But Winston had persuaded him.
"I don't know".
I'm going to put it on my dresser".
Was it love?
" and others concerning camp friends who resided in her suburban neighborhood, and news of her commencing again her piano lessons, her private school, a visit to Boston to see her grandparents and an uncle who was a surgeon returned on furlough, wounded, from the war in Europe.
Having received permission to give a camp reunion-Halloween party, she asked that I come and be her date.
It was at that party that, finally overcoming my timidity, inspired by tales only half-understood and overheard among older boys, I asked Jessie to spend New Year's Eve with me.
Was it preferable to meet her at home or in the city?
We would attend a film and, later on, I stated, we might go to the Mayflower Coffee Shop or Child's or Toffenetti's for waffles.
The giant electric signs and marquees were lit up for the first time since blackout regulations had been instituted, and the atmosphere was alive with the feeling that victory was just around the corner.
I looked away.
I grew uneasy.
We had become good friends during my stay at Cook County Hospital.
"I was full of booze and, well, a drunk is apt to do anything he says he'll do".
When I think of people like you, well, I" --
They all mean well, have great promises to make when they are about to go home, but drinking is their sickness.
"You don't seem to know much about reality.
I asked.
We've always been so close".
"What about you?
"We'll go up to the Edgewater Beach Hotel for dinner", I said.
Only two people in the state of Illinois knew that I was entering Hanover State Hospital under an assumed name, or why.
No one, not even the producer, had any real hope of getting it back to Broadway.
It seemed to me that my life was destined to be one brilliant failure after another.
"Why don't you bastards lay off for a while"?
"Yes, of course, Mr. Nelson".
"That's right".
I was back in ten minutes.
I put in new batteries so as to be certain I'd have plenty of power and on my way out walked over to the regular parking stalls and stood looking at them thoughtfully.
He came out alone.
"I'm in a rush right now.
You'll get in the office building here.
I stayed half a block behind him, letting lots of cars keep in between us, listening to the steady beep beep beep.
Then he came out and started driving toward the beach.
It was a fairly modern motel with quite a bit of electrical display in front.
The manager of the motel was a woman who apparently didn't care.
"Not to you", she said smiling.
With the aid of that I could hear my man moving around, heard him cough a couple of times, heard the toilet flush, heard the sound of water running.
The place wasn't particularly busy at that time of night, and the girl who was waiting on me, who was clothed in the tightest-fitting pair of slacks I had ever seen on a woman and a sweater that showed everything there was -- and there was lots of it -- wanted to be sociable.
"Oh, you!
"Don't you think it's selfish to have dinner before you go to pick her up"?
I turned on the device again, half fearful that I might find silence, but the buzzes came in loud and clear.
He said, "Right around the corner".
There was something phony about all this gun waving -- something not quite what it seemed in the detailed directions for finding the police.
She sidled along the booths one step at a time.
Got it"?
"Howda I know"?
With a curse, Vince seized the thing nearest, a glass sugar container with a spouted metal top, and threw it against the wall opposite.
Don't you and Barney ever use your brains"?
Grosse tucked the gun under the counter.
After Guardino's left, we'll dump the kid somewhere near the border where she kin get home.
Vince shouted finally, "Get her over to Rose's and I'll come by and see that she stays put".
"Are you a poor dumb Canadian or a smart aleck from the States"?
Who could blame her for that?
It was icy cold and tasted delicious.
Or borrow some money from someone and go home by bus?
Did he know something that made him feel sad and sorry for her?
Where were they now?
Her teeth chattered so that she made three attempts at speech before she became intelligible.
The engine throbbed into life.
Roberta glanced at him and stopped trembling.
Squire chewed his gum, his jaw moving in a steady rhythm.
I'd be happy to pay for the favor, of course".
Marty Land stood alone on a red-clay road as storm clouds gathered ominously in the sky again.
Telephone poles lined the road.
There were several people on the porch of the farmhouse.
A foolish thought came into his head.
It was coming toward him.
A second car was coming from the west, from the direction of Sanford's Run.
Marty knew how the Union soldiers must have felt at Chancellorsville and Antietam and Gettysburg when the ragged gray ranks charged at them, screaming the wild banshee howl they called the Rebel yell.
He could not go through the fields.
He climbed back to the road, and he felt utterly exhausted.
It was his only sanctuary.
He stumbled to the middle of the road and simply stood there, waiting for them, a perfect target.
The weird, insane sound of the Rebel yell reverberated again and echoed from the distant hills.
It was the sound of a siren.
I couldn't fight a dozen or so of'em.
Rourke was talking on the phone when he came back.
Rourke confirmed the appointment over the phone and hung up.
Rourke hastily slopped whiskey into his glass on top of half-melted ice-cubes.
As he drove, he filled in Timothy Rourke briefly on the events of the evening after leaving the reporter to go to the Peralta house, and on his own surmises.
Isn't this Felice's street"?
He turned to see the briefly-illumed faces of two men in the parked car just as Rourke said, "It's the next house, Mike.
"I didn't notice it.
In Painter's office this evening.
I'll slide out and walk around the block back to the cocktail lounge on Biscayne.
"
Shayne said happily, "I've got it all worked out, Tim.
Will that pay for a pint I can take with me.
Outside, Shayne hesitated when he saw that Rourke had parked his coupe directly in front of the bar headed south.
Shayne locked his big hands around Harris'thin neck and dragged him out over the seat into the roadway.
Let's get inside.
Eight, nine steps above him, Roberts had paused.
By a wrenching effort, he managed to hunch and draw in, to take the final fall on his back and shoulders rather than his head.
After a moment he extended one hand, the fingers curled.
The taunt was lost on Roberts.
Mickey's guts twisted with the effort, but he kept his eye on the weapon.
Still clutching the razor, Roberts came up into a crouch, shaking his head.
Roberts appeared to be dead;
There's no other way;
Walking away on impulse, he might logically leave behind what it was inconvenient to carry.
Then he backed out and swung around to the front drive.
When he reached the dip in the woods, he saw that already the earlier ruts were barely discernible.
Inside the passage, he had to work his way over the fallen timber and nearly collapsed under his clumsy burden.
He was shaking with tension and it took him a couple of minutes to get his breath and settle down.
By spring it would be a skeleton.
There were tire marks where it had been, but they were overlapped by others and on the dusty floor would not be noticeable except under close scrutiny.
I'll call you in a day or so".
The sheriff's swivel chair tilted back.
She's the one who decides which wedding is to get the lead space in the Sunday paper and all that".
It turned out that she also sold real estate, cosmetics, and hospital insurance.
"What reason did she give"?
He was a salesman for something or other and must have been transferred.
In the basement the sheriff took him to a small, dingy office occupied by a tall, thin man informal in rolled-up shirt sleeves.
It won't open from inside.
"Don't forget to turn it off and close the door good so it'll latch".
Near it was a metal ladder on casters attached to the top shelf.
No mention of New Orleans.
In the middle of the stock market crash, he heard a slight noise in the outer office.
Then he heard the outer door closing.
No, they could kill him just as easy right now.
It was awkward: very awkward.
Dear heaven, no, thought Mr. Skyros, turning away as another man came in.
Anything to do with an ace o'spades, bad luck".
I stay in business so long because I'm careful.
"Mr. Skyros too smart a fellow want to get rid of me", he said.
Good God above, had not Domokous been enough?
"Well, that's your business, Mr. Skyros", said Angie, and his dreamy eyes moved past Mr. Skyros'shoulder to gaze vaguely out the ground-glass window.
"Sure", said Angie.
But I do my best for you".
She did not notice that the customer seized her purchase and turned away without a smile or a word of thanks.
Money -- a lot of money, enough.
Escape.
Some of those vaguely-imagined new, different people.
After he'd got out fresh liver for Bast, he paused to look at her crouched daintily over her dish.
And it's no good looking at me like that", as she wound affectionately around his ankles.
Miss Celie's taken to her bed, with the door locked.
Well -- I'll take it down with me as I go".
I told Ben so.
Or someone had taken it during her first day at Honotassa.
Don't question, Rev had said, don't invite danger.
No.
He could conceivably have wished to make sure;
Sarah swallowed past another kind of constriction in her throat.
The rice wasn't dosed with opium, indeed it had no taste at all, not a grain of salt.
The shelves looked emptier than when Miss Celie had shown her the storeroom, and since the men from the Commissary had called;
Maude had the opportunity to take the bottle of opium from Sarah's room.
Rev, George and Lolotte were mending shoes.
There was no way to know, no way to guess whether any one of them was surprised at Sarah's appearance, believing her to be drugged and senseless -- and just possibly dead.
A rush of panic caught Sarah.
if she told anyone of the opium it must be Lucien, her husband.
The homely everyday details of living and domestic requirements also pressed upon her with their immediate urgency.
She might have been talking to some of her friends about her husband if they've been having any trouble".
I'm on my way to see the Jacobs woman".
"Right.
Thirty years'experience let him know, even at this early stage, that Black was his man.
There was nothing coherent about his thinking.
Yet it wasn't so.
Not really.
Except that Kitti wasn't there.
Where there is a victim, there is a killer.
He would lie in it no more.
On Blanche Jacobs, Kitti Gilborn's death had a quite different effect.
Why hadn't he called?
It was in the kitchen, as she was watching the kettle, waiting for the water to boil, that he had grabbed for her.
She thought she was going to die.
Stanley went along in life, she knew, convinced that he deserved the love and faith of no woman.
Kitti could have married a score of men.
It was too unprecedented.
Mostly, she stayed in bed.
If Rose Mallory's killer acted this way, catching up with him was going to be a cinch.
The meat wagon, therefore, was not out in front of the house any more, but the cluster of squad cars was still there and there was a cop on the door downstairs to screen any comings and goings.
Can you imagine yourself forgetting under the circumstances that you are approaching this startling and unexpected situation so unsuitably hatted and armed with a paper horn?
"They'll tell you what's cooking".
Felix threw his head back and laughed a laugh that shook the timbers of even that solidly built old house.
A man with so big and so staggeringly developed a torso and such long and powerful arms is expected to stand taller than five feet five.
"Felix"?
"What's the rest of your name"?
We are Assistant District Attorneys.
I love fingerprints".
"Felix Grubb"?
For years it's been just Felix.
If you can possibly avoid it, you don't hand out any extra chances.
Expecting something more-than-average wacky, I was surprised by what we found.
Andy did not see the newspapers the next day.
He snapped to alertness at Andy's entrance.
How's Lissa, do you know"?
The omission might look peculiar to outsiders, but Andy could not bring himself to go through the motions simply for the sake of appearances.
Andy invented a job to keep him busy, sending him ahead to El Dorado to supervise last minute arrangements.
It was not a hostile gathering but Andy sensed the difference from last night's hero-worshippers.
He instructed Shirl Winter to compose a note of thanks to be posted on the call board.
Skolman wasn't the only one who didn't care for Andy's scheme.
However, it was virtually impossible to screen the mob outside, even if Bonner had manpower available for the purpose.
Or have a sign on his car that says,'Here Comes the Paxton Kidnapper'"?
To act otherwise would be to admit his helplessness.
You about ready"?
If Rock shows up during the number -- or you hear anything -- give me the signal".
The result had nothing of the polish, pace or cohesion of the previous night.
Their clapping grew more fervent;
"Ladies and gentlemen, in place of my regular closing number tonight, I'd like to sing something of a different nature for you.
He wondered if the audience would let him finish.
Hub was there to support him.
Nothing broken that can't be mended".
"It doesn't matter, Rock.
Old man Arthur had put down the suitcase to open the front door.
Why won't you accept facts?
The old man opened the door and stepped out into the sunlight.
"Why on earth did I send him off to work?
"But I couldn't do that, even if I were home"!
"What"?
Her eyes were bright with anticipation.
Putting the key into the switch, pressing the accelerator with his foot, putting the car into reverse, seemed vast endeavors almost beyond the ability of his shaking body.
And he knew in that moment, with a cold sinking of despair, a dying of old hopes, that Mae had spread some kind of word there among the neighbors.
He hadn't touched her.
She was married to him for better or for worse.
At the gate he slowed, looking around.
It wasn't what Mae would want him to do, though.
Good-bye.
"Mae" --
I'm sure they were in the garage up until a couple of days ago.
But you had them".
A seeping coldness entered Holden's being;
And men also used vacuum cleaners in both rooms, sucking dust up once more.
it would, almost inevitably, trouble some water.
Failing to find what was wanted, as was most likely, check out other guests, with special -- but not exclusive -- attention to those with rooms on the street.
Anybody carrying anything that might hide a rifle?
And had been for a week.
)
Must have cost plenty.
Hathaway, Jerry's publicity director;
Willings undoubtedly had.
Grudges simply do not keep that well in a sane mind.
) She might now have taken it away again.
It occurred to Bill Weigand that he was, on a hunch basis, eliminating a good many.
Seeing the man he blamed for this made much of -- youth and bitterness and --
which he obviously had to be given the opportunity to say.
Let Mullins keep the firm seat;
Shadow, the more talkative, began at once to talk, her voice piteous.
A vague feeling that Anthony Payne had had it coming was hardly a thought and was, in any event, reprehensible.
The poor, unlucky --
What"?
"Through a door conveniently unlocked", Madden supplemented.
And a pane of glass isn't hard to" --
Pauling looked at his notes.
Oh, the time of death.
Arthur Williams had to be located, they agreed.
Then he asked to use the phone and called Brian Thayer, who said that he was just leaving to keep a lunch date but would be home by two o'clock.
that there were three children, two boys and a girl;
"Was she in the habit of making new wills"?
Even two or three years ago I doubt that she'd have become involved in this unfortunate Johnston affair.
A splendid vote of confidence in Thayer, Madden reflected.
)
"Well, she had a number of them where money was concerned", Garth said.
The lawyer didn't know him very well although he saw him occasionally at some dinner party -- Thayer, like himself, Madden reflected, was the extra man so prized by hostesses -- and found him easy enough to talk to.
Ten-thousand-dollar bequest.
In Dunston the rent would run close to two hundred a month;
That and her death.
"Phil, for God's sake, go away.
"Not about me?
Now will you get him"?
"Impossible".
"Where is that"?
Griffith raised placating hands.
"Yes, what is it"?
it would be just like him.
One more muddleheaded play like that one and they'd be leading him away.
If Mahzeer was alone with the prime minister he could be arranging his execution while Hoag stood out here shivering in the darkening street.
On the second floor he saw the animated faces of the party guests;
The single shot would come;
The legation was generously set back from the building line;
If only the latter were true.
there were six apartments.
the cooking odors were stronger -- all over the city, at this hour, housewives would be fussing over stoves.
He could not break in on an armed man.
his face wore a look of outrage.
He walked up to the lieutenant's office, leaned wearily against the gun rack that housed four rifles and a gas gun nobody remembered having used and a submachine gun that was occasionally tried out on the Academy Range.
Because I'm looking for the son of a bitch that killed that old man, and I'm going to get him.
The 7:45 bell rang and he could hear the outside doors bang shut, closing in the assembled day watch.
Killpath said, "You were expected to report to my office twenty minutes ago, Sergeant.
He smiled thinly, savoring his joke.
"That's not taking one's command with a responsible attitude, Matson".
Gun knew it was Car 12, the wagon, returned from delivering Ingleside's drunk-and-disorderlies to the City Jail.
I don't think his diligence mitigates your negligence, Matson".
He clamped his jaws to keep the fury from spilling out.
"The sergeant is just leaving".
But even before he started across the oiled road to his Plymouth, parked in the lot under the cypress trees across from the station, he knew that he wasn't going home.
Mr. Phillips had only to signal from his doorway to summon aid from the ubiquitous bilingual children who played on the sidewalks of Mission Street.
"I asked her why she couldn't do it tomorrow, but it seems the muse is working good tonight and she's afraid to let it go".
He wanted to ask her about Jenkins now, but he knew he couldn't do so in Needham's presence.
Do you approve"?
"Stop by any time, Casey".
Even from where he stood he could see the neatly folded blanket that he had spread over Burton, the pillow, the sheet of paper on top of it.
then his mind moved on to be confronted by something far more serious, and as the thought expanded, the implications jarred him.
There was no answer to this and he began to pace back and forth across the room, his imagination out of control.
When he heard Calenda say: "What about that picture you took this afternoon"?
"With my trial coming up in Federal Court next week I wouldn't want that picture published".
That's all I know about it and that's all I care".
He dialed it and listened to it ring ten times before he hung up.
So he made a mistake.
If you want a picture get to the corner of Adams and Clark just as fast as you can.
It was a district of small factories and loft buildings and occasional tenements, and he could see the police radio car as he rounded the corner and slammed on the brakes.
"Will you drop the anchor"?
Nobody, he suddenly realized, was saying anything.
He'd landed the plane on a small airstrip in Connecticut and as soon as the aircraft had coasted to a stop, everyone had burst into chatter at the same moment.
Poet whistled softly as he looked at the gun.
"It's quite possible there's more than codfish down there, man", Poet replied with a short, nervous laugh as he held the harness for Elaine.
Next to the ocean, probably the loneliest spot was the desert.
If the character flying that thing had gone over San Clemente Island yesterday he would have had an eyeful.
He stood up, stretched, looked around for the bubbles, but could see none.
"Which is a break as the area to search is less than a square mile", she added as she swung her legs over the transom.
The word hissed distinctly from Poet's lips as he struggled to his feet.
Her face was frozen into the mask of a mannequin, her body absolutely motionless.
But her walk was too steady, too slow, telegraphing her fear.
Poet was the captured, arms pinioned to his side, and he twisted convulsively trying to escape.
The air hose was free!
It's a rich village but not much for action -- too many solid residents, not enough tourists or working stiffs.
His sarcasm was followed by a stupid grin of his thick mouth and bad teeth.
Who was the murdered woman Mrs. Buck"?
Colored fellow named Tim Williams -- only hand she has working for her now.
I got there at 9:47 A.M., found her strangled.
Probably the last of the original Island Indians.
Guess you want to see the body -- have her up the street in Doc Abel's office".
Then he said, "Never noticed it before I mean, when she was dressed but for a woman her age, Julia had a real fine figure".
"Yeah, it's a real load", I told him, looking up the street at my battered Ford.
I do the living room last.
"Mrs. Buck have any men friends"?
I told Moore, "Where does Tim's wife live"?
She said she didn't know a thing -- Tim had left the house at six in the morning, as usual.
"We'll get him soon, see what he says", Chief Moore cut in.
On my way out I told her, "If you should eh just happen to see your husband, get him to give himself up.
I had a bowl of decent chowder, phoned the Doc and he said he'd leave the death statements with his girl -- in a half hour.
As I was walking back to the Police Station, which was in the same building with the City Hall and Post Office, I saw Mrs. Tim Williams sneaking into the back of my car.
"Of course, it could be because this is his first murder case.
The police have finished with it.
Ten to one, it's even been redecorated"!
A sudden thought wiped the smirk from his face.
Daniel Forbes, her divorced husband, lived there.
No other visitor inquired for her that evening.
Alec's first impression of the lobby was gloomy, Victorian dignity -- black walnut and red plush, a black and white tiled floor, and Persian rugs.
Opposite the number 1105 stood one word: Unoccupied.
There was a sudden stillness in the lobby.
"I don't believe it".
Show this gentleman to 1105"!
A few snowflakes sifted down through that theatrical red glow, languid as falling feathers.
"Is there anything wrong with this room"?
But I wouldn't spend a night in here for a million bucks"!
They used pink, tan, or cream powder.
There was no sound and apparently no movement in the room except the noiseless pulsation of the red light on the wall.
When the neon sign faded out, the shadow disappeared.
He lashed out blindly with his right.
The blue rug had been rolled up and stacked in one corner of the room.
Diana Beauclerk had no connection with the underworld.
His lips were bruised and swollen where Alec had hit him.
A forefinger pointed toward his gullet.
He said, and went out and cut his throat in the cave near Granny Day's swamp.
Yes, gentlemen, I am getting to the point, to my point.
And my point in this sad story is the spirit of the matter.
There it sits, a small highland, with towns like Gloucester near by;
It is now a sweep of boulders and ledges, with oak, walnut and sumac creeping across the common, and everywhere the ruins and the long, long shadows.
What should one say?
Handley married Freya and Red, of the red beard, married Anta.
What's below the water-line interests me also.
He is the sort who, with an appraising eye, would cross the street to help a strange woman on to a bus and then pinch her.
Red thrusting out his tawny beard, Handley glowering under his suddenly rumpled black hair.
Fortunately, I knew almost exactly what the will had said.
One other cause of jealousy between them I must tell you.
One month ago, on the 20th of October, was the opening of the gunning season in Massachusetts.
No, he didn't have his gun, which he should have.
Why hadn't he noticed it before?
By then, the stranger was thanking Haney profusely and had one arm around his shoulders as if he were an old friend.
But he decided he wouldn't mind company in return for free drinks, even though he made good money at his job.
I meant it.
He really didn't expect anything to come of it, and there were a few people
I want to study your landlord's habits and movements first.
Phil decided to stay a little longer, and as time passed it seemed as if the strange little man had never been there, but for the other glass on the table.
Inside the lobby, people were standing around, talking excitedly.
But after all, why should they?
He might be very tight, but he knew where he was.
He hadn't even noticed -- what was his name?
Pete frowned slightly, then became sad and moody.
"That bitch would love a divorce", he growled.
That's why I -- why I do a free job now and then.
The cops didn't suspect a thing, and I thought it was a coincidence.
I think I can manage one more favor for you".
I jist stayed where I was while he fumbled around and then walked away.
I know where he is, right near here.
When yuh come back I'll put it out agin till you're both inside".
The poem consisted of only two words, the word "Wait", repeated over and over at irregular intervals and with different inflections, and then the word "Now"!
He had a capacity;
-- and said it sharply, not as in the Patchen bit, but as an order -- so I stopped my hand and looked at him.
I took the piece of pipe from Charlie's hand and used it, harder than he had.
We did that.
Shall we take them all with us, or leave one"?
How about you"?
We did that and found a dirty handkerchief, some matches and fourteen cents in change.
Which, if it matters, was one A.M.
We shook hands on it.
I talked first, telling him everything I knew about Seaton and his house and domestic arrangements.
"One thing we haven't discussed, expense money.
I took a deep breath, and the plunge.
And, in case, I brought the money with me".
"Thou art God".
"Oh.
"I ought to be asleep, too, but I felt like a snack.
"Don't bother", Mike answered.
I'll switch on the underwater lights.
"Mike?
But my people -- Martians, I mean;
the Old Ones have cherished him".
He rolled toward her and took her in his arms.
Kiss me again".
Her answer was not in words.
time was not yet.
Fosterite bishops, after secret conclave, announced the Church's second Major Miracle: Supreme Bishop Digby had been translated bodily to Heaven and spot-promoted to Archangel, ranking with-but-after Archangel Foster.
Same as with the Popes.
They run their show their way -- the Universe has variety, something for everybody -- a fact you field workers often miss".
Digby heaved a deep ethereal sigh.
This continued most of the week following that ill-starred trip to church, during which period Mike stayed in his room and usually in a trance so deep that Jubal would have pronounced him dead had he not seen it before.
"That it had found a planet on which human beings could live and which was already inhabited by sentient beings"!
How could they not?
He is now my block gapt.
"No", said Macneff.
Unfortunately"
Hal gasped, and he said, "A divorce"?
Hal, the linguist, saw the glittering discs and necklaces in terms of the languages spoken therein.
Its citizens spoke all of the world's surviving tongues, plus a new one called Lingo, a pidgin whose vocabulary was derived from the other six and whose syntax was so simple it could be contained on half a sheet of paper.
There was no such thing as an "accident".
She would have a year in which to make up her mind, to choose a mate from a list selected by her gapt.
Said the whining voice.
"How wonderful to see your cherished self.
Again, a force too strong for unfrozen bodies to endure would be applied.
And, as Hal found out, obviously mistaken in many cases.
Instead of inflecting a verb or using an unattached particle to indicate the past or future, Siddo used an entirely different word.
This is not wholly a reasoning process -- a computer cannot do it all -- and even in an Angel it takes time.
Of course we have before us the example of the great races at the galactic center;
"It's a kind of agreement in which each party gives something to the other", Jack said.
Though it might be that we would have much to give you, you have nothing to give us".
This explained a great deal.
Nothing less would serve.
The trouble with them was that they almost never worked, and in fact an agreement "in principle" historically turned out to be a sure sign that neither party really wanted the quarrel settled.
But he was too late.
They are on their way here".
If that was the skiff, it was making unprecedented speed.
The sail, ragged though it was, still had enough surface to catch some of the ocean of power being poured out from the nursery stars.
Langer would have to be headed off, whether he knew where he was going or not.
He had to have fusion power to catch up with the skiff, and he had to have it fast.
"As for my elders, they have already admitted that they were wrong.
"Hesperus, don't use this t-tau vector trick of yours, please.
"Okay".
This would be the fifth mapping expedition to the planetoids of Yancy-6 in three generations.
It just won't be easy.
According to these needles, they're stone dead".
"But I'm ambidextrous".
"Hey, this is pretty close to a wart-hog".
"What shall we do with this one?
What killed them"?
"Then maybe it was the shockwave we set up.
These critters went real sudden".
Yet he knew the others were sleeping more soundly, now that they had renewed their contact with the matter that had birthed them to send them riding high vacuum.
It was small comfort for insomnia.
Insomnia would ground him from the Exploration Service, on physiological if not psychological grounds.
Ekstrohm picked up a lightweight no-back from the ship's library, a book by Bloch, the famous twentieth century expert on sex.
"Do with what"?
Nothing.
"Listen, Ekstrohm, I want to give you the benefit of every doubt.
The tapes show that.
"I don't think I can.
For her first three vegetable months she waved her crabbed claws, kicked weakly with her clubbed feet and enjoyed the usual routine of the infant.
As long as her development within her shell lived up to expectations, and there were no side-effects from the pituitary tinkering, Helva would live a rewarding, rich and unusual life, a far cry from what she would have faced as an ordinary, "normal" being.
She would one day be grateful to the patient drone of the sub-conscious-level instruction.
As she worked she absentmindedly crooned, producing a curious sound.
Although this was the first time that Helva had seen unshelled people, she took this experience calmly.
"No, I say", the lady twittered.
"Well", remarked one gentleman who had been forced to accompany his wife, "the good Lord can eat where angels fear to tread".
"Singing" as applicable to herself required research.
Shell people did not, strictly speaking, breathe.
Shell people were encouraged to develop a hobby so long as they maintained proficiency in their technical work.
There were nine qualified scouts sitting around collecting base pay the day Helva was commissioned.
She asked hopefully, as she recognized the Scout Service uniform.
Mercer stammered, not knowing what B'dikkat meant, and the two-nosed man answered for him, "I think he has a nice baby head, but it isn't big enough for you to take yet".
The woman covered with growing hands came and sat beside them.
A painful stab hit him in the abdomen.
I can talk.
In that beautiful place, among all those companionable and attractive people, he sat and smiled.
Time had no meaning.
She smiled at him with benign, remote happiness;
"No", said the half-man, "a sort of eye-machine with real people doing the figures".
"What's a'scene'"?
Mercer did not know what an "Earth-week" was, since he had not been a well-read man before his conviction, but he got nothing more from the half-man at that time.
Mercer got the blissful needle.
She had lost the extra torsos.
Fighting pleasure itself, he begged B'dikkat to check the records and to tell him how long he had been there.
Was B'dikkat a crazy slave to his own duty or was he a man who had hopes of going back to his own planet some day, surrounded by a family of little cow-people resembling himself?
The land of Shayol did not change.
Far long ago, some other prisoner than one of these had tried to write a letter.
He was well rid of her.
each day the hurt was a little duller, a little less poignant.
No one walked in this country, least of all Ed Dow or Dutch Renfro or any of the rest of the Bar B crew.
The boy came on to the porch and sat down, his gaze on Morgan as if half expecting him to shoot and not really caring.
She didn't move or say anything.
Besides, she had a sweet face that attracted him.
He brought his Winchester in from the front of the house, then faced the boy.
Jones sighed as if relieved.
"Then we're lucky we got here.
He hadn't shaved for several weeks, his sparse beard giving his face a pathetic, woebegone expression.
"I'll see", Morgan said.
How did we get here"?
"Think you can walk to the table"?
"Not much of a meal"?
"We're not drunkards", she said.
"Could you find me a needle and thread"?
Some way".
"We had to do something".
Clayton tried to call back the face of the man he had known.
I believed him.
"You don't hate me any more"?
Laurel is gone, my men are gone, Ed is dead -- and you come to me, to help me.
I'll saddle the horses and bring them round.
You take it easy, your time will come".
But California is where we're goin".
I made you a man".
"I loved this valley", he whispered huskily.
Dawn would come soon and the night was at its coldest.
A bold line of violet broke loose from the high ridge of the mountains, followed by feathers of red that swept the last stars from the sky.
That's what you wanted, isn't it?
His wife had said to him: "Nellie is in love with Clayton Roy.
He made a fool of you, Lester".
Purvis and Silas Pettigrew were the last to leave.
He rode low on the mare's neck.
The Gap looming before him -- the place where had confronted Jack English on that day so many years ago -- was his exit from all that had meaning to him.
He and Dean tied and gagged the man, using his belt and shirt for the purpose.
Mike silenced them.
Light showed in the orderly room across the parade ground.
He added, "If this doesn't work out, the three of you barricade yourself in the house and talk terms with them".
He released her and joined Mike.
He might say or do something foolish.
One wing stood open.
Mike struck with the muzzle of the pistol.
Dean came rushing up.
He said.
The rest of us can fort up in the house and hang on until you get back.
Dean leaned from the saddle and gave him a mighty whack on the back.
"Apaches"!
They bawled questions that were not answered in the uproar.
Ducking inside, he found that three rifles were stacked in a corner.
Bursting paper cartridges, he scattered powder beneath the nearest wagon and dumped the contents of the canister upon it.
Another struck him heavily in the thigh and he went down.
He peered from a loophole.
The guerrillas realized they faced a new problem.
Many of them, in increasing panic, came running with water in their hats in a ludicrous effort.
The wagons and the coach were beyond saving and so were the buildings.
Keep this to yourself".
For a second, engages, cooks, voyageurs appeared struck dumb.
Let Old Knife come up and kill you and your people, or would you steer him on someone else"?
He carried it in a little wallet made of fish skin".
That's why the Trust don't want us to make it.
In the brief moment I had to talk to them before I took my post on the ring of defenses, I indicated I was sickened by the methods men employed to live and trade on the river.
Attack
The worst part had been the waiting;
"Hold your fire", Montero was shouting.
jagged red and black medicine symbols covered his chest.
Gray Eyes remained erect.
Oso growled.
A horse screamed as it twisted from side to side in a frenzy.
The charge, I tell you"!
Montero's shot had caught him high in the chest;
A second leaped from his horse to the top of the bale, firing four arrows in such rapid succession it didn't seem possible they were in flight.
It sounded like a man kicking a melon.
Some gracefully soared from the backs of their wounded, screaming mounts to make one last defiant charge before the lead split their hearts or tore their guts.
"The fire's too big.
He was taken aback.
It didn't seem to tell her anything.
The girl laughed.
It's not the kind of thing that a man would be proud of.
I'll let you go back to doing the dishes now".
She swung the quirt again, and this time he caught her wrist and pulled her out of the saddle.
"She isn't, mister".
"Put the rifle down, Joseph", the girl said.
He took it without flinching.
He asked.
Not yours.
I don't know what makes you think you can get away with this kind of business, and I don't care about that, either.
And one had been too many.
I'll be down at the creek finishing the dishes, if you want me".
There would still be plenty of moments of regret and sadness and guilty relief.
In the last analysis, though, Wilson had little cause to complain.
Wilson backed the team into the traces, and wished they weren't going to town at all.
Yes, there was plenty of water, too much, and that was probably the trouble.
Such was my state of mind that I did not question the possibility of this;
Squatting, as if waiting.
He spoke to me in a gruff voice, an affectation which quite belied his personality.
Everything about the clerk was trivial.
He pointed out the switch to me and for a moment I foolishly believed that he would let deed follow words.
One afternoon, upon receiving permission and the necessary instructions from the clerk, I had visited the toilet adjoining the hall.
And I had hardly finished my business in the toilet on the aforementioned occasion when the lights in that place, like the hall lights controlled from the switch in the office, flicked off and on impatiently.
Although I had been inside it I had not yet seen it functioning.
The hall, on the other hand, appeared lifeless and deserted on these long waterfront afternoons.
When I asked him what, if anything, I could do about it, he surprised me by referring me to the director of the hall.
No one was behind it, but in the rear wall of the office I noticed, for the first time, a door which had been left partially open.
But he came toward me sedately enough, showed me around the counter, offered me a seat inside his office, then walked to a file cabinet and got out my application.
What sort of men I would come into contact with, at the hall?
Before they could guess his intention Rankin stepped forward and swung the guard's own gun against the uncovered head, hard.
Fred Rankin looked at him.
They reached the guard house without alerting the men on the walls above, and Powers slipped through the door.
The sergeant turned to the door.
Even Barton could not quite believe it.
In a small grove against the river they halted, turning deep into the protection of the trees.
He said in a studied voice, "I didn't do it for you.
"I got no place to go".
He wanted a careful, uninterrupted report from Dill on the conditions in the valley.
Both hated Donald Kruger.
Barton nodded.
"He's in Morgan's Ferry".
"Everyone.
"I was afraid of this.
Barton's voice was rougher than Dill had ever heard it.
It reached Donald Kruger in his massive home in Burlingame.
A million dollars'of gold a month.
No man could have reached his spot nor held it without being ruthless, and Hague had made a virtue of ruthlessness all of his life.
He threw out the hi-graders.
"Dangerous, yes.
She had offered to walk, but Pamela knew she would not feel comfortable about her child until she had personally confided her to the care of the little pink woman who chose to be called "Auntie".
She locked the ignition, removed the keys, stepped out of the car and went into the house.
Perhaps it was insane, Pamela thought.
Perhaps she had no reason to fear these trees that whispered their secrets above her head as she passed.
If, as she walked, her steps fumbled from time to time, she chose to ignore that omen.
She must not think about time.
The mountainside grew steeper and she slipped once or twice on the smooth pine needles.
Silence stood in front of her, waiting, and in back of her, blocking her retreat.
She was standing in a thick grove.
It enclosed her clammy hands and twined around her ankles.
She had been snared here by a vile sensuality that writhed around her throat in ever-tightening circles.
bushes swished and scratched at her slacks;
She yanked away from him furiously.
"I think you stink, Tom Lord!
Then, helpfully, as she merely stared at him in weary silence, "Maybe you could write it down for me, huh?
Never, he'd once told Joyce, had he encountered any man or situation that called for a gun.
He wasn't a big man;
Why did these yokels still wear boots, anyway, when most had scarcely sat a horse in years?
On the other hand, howsomever, maybe you wouldn't either.
He pointed, cutting her off.
Getting the boss rattlesnake to help you"?
He seemed very pleased with himself, as though some intricate scheme was working out exactly as he had planned.
"So what's this all about"?
"Well, I'll tell you about that", Lord told him.
But you're all wrong, man!
To do so would make his job well-nigh impossible.
It was practically the last move that McBride made of his own volition.
I meant him no harm.
Dimly, he heard laughter, hoots of derision, but he could not read the racket properly.
She lived by the rules, never compromising, never blinded or diverted by circumstance.
It especially bothered the older hands.
Tom Brannon had caught up with the outfit shortly after the Maguires joined it, which had been at midday.
Even as she called to the children, Conchita let her gaze seek Tom Brannon.
Brannon was hunkered down with his broad back to the left rear wheel, with the other two facing him.
Give her time to miss you.
Ten?
Hernandez looked suddenly uncertain.
Where I go, she goes -- and the kids with us.
And Hank Maguire added, "So am I, Tom".
It was to be nothing more than that.
Lighted windows glowed jewel-bright through the downpour.
"Not there", he said, getting back onto his horse.
Brannon dismounted and climbed the steps.
"Just come along", Brannon told him.
He looked at each of them in turn, Brannon last of all.
"Don't press your luck, badge-toter".
"Damned if I will.
Resignedly, Macklin turned to the back door.
Deputy Marshal Luke Harper still stood guard on the veranda, a forlorn, scarecrowish figure in the murky dark.
Their presence fouled the elegance of that room.
But he had found all of the thickets and points of cover deserted.
"I'll be ready next time"!
For the unseen, ghostlike rifleman aimed a little higher the third time.
For Tom Horn, it turned out, had a number of rancher and cowboy witnesses ready and willing to swear with straight faces that he had been in Bates Hole the day of the killing.
For a blood-chilling ring of terror to the very sound of his name was the tool he needed for the job he'd promised to do.
On the morning of September 10, 1895, Powell and Ross rose at dawn and began their day's work.
He heaved the dead man onto the buckboard, yelled and lashed at the team and got out of there fast.
"Tom", a friend asked him once, "how come you bushwhacked them rustlers?
The tall sunburnt rustler-hunter stared in amazement.
When Fred Powell's brother-in-law, Charlie Keane, moved into the dead man's home, the anonymous letter writer took no chances on Charlie taking up where Fred had left off and wasted no time on a first notice:
It is possible, although highly doubtful, that he killed none at all but merely let his reputation work for him by privately claiming every unsolved murder in the state.
He evidently couldn't foresee that it might be his downfall in the end.
"I have a little job for you, Charlie.
"One thing, Summers", Brenner said.
"Eagle's Nest ought to have a fire company.
Probably his horse would be close to where he was hiding.
Horse smell was very strong, and he could hear the crunch of grain being ground between strong jaws.
He slapped the buckskin again and it kicked wildly, its hoofs rattling the side of the stall.
"Before you try anything", he said.
"Damn you, Adams" -- Jess was beginning to recover from his initial shock.
I don't know what you're up to, but when Brenner" --
"So help me, Crouch, I'd like to kill you where you stand, but, before I do, I'm going to hear you admit killing him.
"No"?
"I ain't drawin'against you", Jess said thickly.
He had to make Jess talk, and he had to do it before Stacey Black got curious and came to investigate.
An inch lower and it would have knocked him out.
He stepped inside Jess's guard and landed two blows to the big man's belly, putting everything he had behind them.
Blood gushed from his nose, and he backed off as rapidly as he could, stumbling over his own feet in his frantic haste to get away from Curt's fists.
Turning his back, Curt crossed to the stall, reached over to untie the buckskin's halter rope, and waved his hand in the animal's face.
Curt opened the door, grabbed Black by the shoulder, and pulled him into the barn.
"Where're you takin'me"?
Mrs. Jackson's words recalled Dan to his lack of fitness for courting.
If I hadn't got Nate stopped when I did, my duds'd all be shot plumb to hell!
"I ain't going to fight you no more".
At first Matilda could not believe her own eyes.
"They ain't even in sight"!
Even Sally, in spite of her gaiety and obvious welcome, followed the old taboo of "quitting the gab when wearing the nosebag".
Rod shifted his eager eyes from the milling group out in the circle long enough to reply, "I ain't much of a hand for Dare-Base and Farmer-in-the-Dell, but I'd sure like to get in on the handhold and wrestles".
Out in the center of the circle the farmer, who was Dan, wasted no time when they came to the line, "The farmer choose his wife".
Even the knowledge that she was losing another boy, as a mother always does when a marriage is made, did not prevent her from having the first carefree, dreamless sleep that she had known since they dropped down the canyon and into Bear Valley, way, way back there when they were crossing those other mountains.
"Quit ragging him, Gran", Rod protested.
Hez looked up at the high face of Emigrant Rock, official signboard for the Raft River turnoff, and gloated, "Seems funny that them Burnsides never took time to leave their John-Henry up thar".
"Reckon ye're right, Dan", Hez called back over his shoulder.
"Gyp'll be holdin'forth in some bar if he's here at all", Cobb declared, glancing along the street as they stretched their legs.
Suddenly it seemed to him insane that they might hope to locate Gyp Carmer so casually, even were he to prove the thief.
He fought down the impulse to rush in and collar the vicious puncher on the spot.
Climbing the steps steadily, they reached the top and headed for the door.
It was the barkeep.
The door was locked.
"Okay, Stevens.
Inside the crown, stuffed behind the stained sweatband, could be seen thin, crumpled wads of currency.
Pat nodded.
Neither spoke till they reached their horses.
Pat swung into the saddle, yet still he delayed, his brows puckered.
Giving the other a dark look, he hauled his bronc around and trotted down off the street.
How much of an accident could that be"?
Clapping spurs to the bronc he set off at a sharp canter, with growing alarm.
He ain't gone far"!
A shot or two went wild before Cobb felt something tug at his foot.
He dashed madly for the next elbow turn in the draw, and made it.
Fleischman with eight was to patrol the Leyte Gulf area, with his main task to get any kamikaze before they got to the ships.
His face was dark as the sky above it as he stood on the wing and waited for his pilot.
The expression was his trade-mark, his open sesame to good luck, and his prayer that pilot and plane would always return.
To the west, the dark green hills of Leyte were lost in the clouds about halfway up their slopes.
"Todman, let's try to go under this stuff.
When the sea was visible ahead of them, the relief was as great as if the sun had come out.
But Greg's area remained as placid as a Florida dawn.
Like a man making a deep dive, Greg took full breath and plunged back into the valley.
"Zeros"!
In seconds, Greg made his decision.
The planes, light with most of the gas burned out, responded beautifully.
If any of us miss, they can pick up the pieces.
"Greg to Sweeney Blue.
The clearly identifiable enemy continued on as if no one else were around.
Just like shooting at a duck while performing a half-gainer from a diving board.
Now!
It was all Greg had time to see.
His air speed dropped until he thought he would spin out.
gauche rainbow shapes replaced the poignant ovals of gold.
Just as I straightened up with my duffel bag, I heard: "Sahjunt Yoorick, meet Mrs. Major J. A. Roebuck".
I let up on the accelerator, only to gradually reach again the 60 m.p.h. which would, I hoped, overhaul Herry and the blonde, and as there were cars whose drivers apparently had something more important to catch than had I, Mrs. Major Roebuck settled down to practicing on Corporal Johnson the kittenish wiles she would need when making her duty call on Colonel and Mrs. Somebody in Sante Fe.
Mrs. Roebuck very kindly let me drive through Sante Fe to a road which would, she said, lead us to Taos and then Raton and "eventshahleh" out of New Mexico.
it flopped down, sprang back up and gouged my shin.
"Wanna beer"?
We were off the road, gleaming barbed wire pulling taut.
"Tee-wah", the driver cackled, his black eyes glittering behind dull silver chicken fencing.
A long time.
Too high.
On the truck bed there was nothing smaller than a piece of rusty machinery;
Johnson's fat hand, another bottle were protruding from the truck cab, and that self-proclaimed Baptist teetotaler, had a bottle at his own lips.
I guided her to the divan, turned off the TV, faced her.
Shall I go on"?
She stood up, pulled the coat from her shoulders and started to slide it off, then let out a high-pitched scream and I let out a low-pitched, wobbling sound like a muffler blowing out.
Oh, dear, I'm all unstrung".
And you recognized me"?
That was a fun one".
About the murder".
The water in Thor's big swimming pool had been covered with a blanket of thick, foamy soapsuds -- fashioned, of course, from zing -- Joyce had dived from the board into the pool, then swirled and cavorted in her luxurious "bath" while cameras rolled.
She paused.
I swam like mad, got out of the pool, grabbed my robe, and ran to the car.
"You know who the other man was"?
"The commercials have just been for money, there hasn't been any real incentive for me to do them, but in Underwater Western Eye I'd have a chance to act.
I was loaded with suds when I ran away, and I haven't had a chance to wash it off.
"Soak as long as you want, Joyce.
She smiled slightly.
Hot water.
A few yards beyond the group of men, a man's nude body lay face down on a patch of thick green dichondra.
"What were they doing here"?
How's it strike you, foul or fair"?
If it were not for an old professor who made me read the classics I would have been stymied on what to do, and now I understand why they are classics;
I had seen two of them and we would soon be in another city-wide, joyous celebration with romance in the air;
My new Aunt was perhaps three or four years older than I and it had been a long time since I had seen as gorgeous a woman who oozed sex.
I thought I saw a faint surge of color rise to her neck and quickly suffuse her cheeks.
When our eyes met the air was filled with an unuttered message of "Me, too".
his bride opened the store.
I heard her murmur, "We'd better lock the door".
I've noticed the way you've been looking at me ever since we met".
Get thrown out?
Tomorrow Mardi Gras opens officially.
"Don't worry about me.
A few minutes later I saw my Uncle's car drive up and a woman's figure emerge and walk to the corner.
You get a good, loyal husband -- smack!
"Squaresville, man, and all the palazzos are crummy Palasts".
Now, he was just in the late poems of Holderlin and therefore had most of the nineteenth century before him -- plus next semester's class preparation.
Should she wake him?
And, as a matter of fact, Nicolas had slept in the park only part of one night, when he discovered that Munich's early mornings even in summer are laden with dew.
The next day he was gone.
" For the last half hour Mary Jane had criss-crossed half the length of the Gardens and, at last, come upon her knight.
He half woke and rolled over with his face in the cooler grass.
She had retreated to this world.
Actually, she is a sad beauty, I believe.
It would be literary license calculated to glamorize life to say that he, oh, dropped his napkin, so startled was he by Mary Jane's beauty.
Soup: "Only this morning";
Opening these he brought out a schnapps bottle and small gold thimble-sized glasses hidden inside it.
His new poem, a love poem, told of a young husband leading his wife upstairs to the bedroom when the lights in the house have failed.
She raised her face and nodded, "It's sweet, and very sad".
They were west of the Sabine, but only God knew where.
He spat.
Thank the Lord, they still had water!
Her thick hair was the color and texture of charcoal.
"We can boil it", he said.
" She repeated.
The bitterness of their wedding night still ripped within him like an open wound.
"Hettie, they didn't sell you", he said miserably.
He had never seen clouds like them before, but he had the primitive feel of danger that gripped a man before a hurricane in Carolina.
The six-ton Conestoga began to whip and shake.
The cloudburst cut off abruptly.
Her face was pale but set and her dark eyes smoldered with blame for Ben.
They watched the tree until it twisted sharply on a bend.
They were already swollen to bursting.
Then he noticed that the dry wood of the wheels had swollen.
Now he broke them open, hoping a good meal might lessen this depression crushing Hettie.
I suppose a Lascar sailor had sneaked a cigarette in the hold and touched off the blaze.
We pulled and swore and yanked and wept, scraping our hands until they bled profusely.
As best as I could determine, we were some 700 miles west of New Guinea, in the Bismark Archipelago.
I'd rather keep bailing -- or sink".
In fact, one important aspect of their very religion is the annihilation of men".
"Tchalo!
It is their tultul, the'jumping platform'of death.
We are thirsty and hungry;
I looked.
Many small bones protruded crazily from the shreds of flesh.
He looked as if he was going to keel over.
You've ruined me, blast you"!
In the Manu tongue, "eromonga" means manhood -- a quality which the women derisively toasted in weekly feasts at which great quantities of a brew like kava were imbibed.
Karipo was something of a politician as well as a militarist.
The old woman arose stiffly and led me to a clearing where a small hut stood.
Maybe he was only doing the best he knew how, like any of us.
Never Benny.
A few minutes later the insurance man, a road checker, drove up in the gray coupe with license plates on it from a far-away state.
"There's a body you won't mind looking at", Benson said and they stopped.
How would you ever see her again?
The girl took a couple of steps toward the man in shorts when Benson, in that barefoot courtliness Ramey could never decide was real, said, "You don't want to go around there, Ma'am".
The two men in overalls stood just behind the blonde-headed man.
The man said, backing up a step, still looking down.
The sneaker reached out once more to tap against the mass and Ramey's vision darkened except for an unreasonable clarity of the man's leg.
Ramey heard a cry from the girl and felt a slight pain somewhere in his hand.
He did not look around.
She begged.
No one seemed to know for sure what had happened, nor was there any purpose or responsibility in the muttering feet and urgent voices behind the driver, beyond finding out.
He walked straight up to the man sitting on the ground and bent over to look at him.
The fear had not entirely gone from her face, but there were some other emotions now, crowding into her eyes and the lines of her mouth.
Seven years they'd been married.
"It was a king cobra, the largest you ever saw, and it deserved to live out its life in the jungle, didn't it?
And he loves you because you're a beautiful woman.
Just as he knew that she had stopped loving him.
He became a fighter pilot after the stint over the Hump in the big crates.
Nowadays, we talk as though the blitz were just a short skirmish.
He had a war reputation, but this was the kind of man women like even without medals.
The Command offices were in the border country, up north, where the radar systems centralized their intelligence reports, and the fighters were dispatched to harry the enemy.
They stood there, just the two of them, in the rocking, shattering blast.
It wasn't that, however, which decided them not to go to America.
This was the land of the sladang, the great water buffalo with horns forty inches across the spread.
There were fantastic flowers without perfume, and gaudy birds without song.
"Temper, temper", Mrs. Forsythe said, laughing uneasily.
He stared stonily at the floor.
"When I came up, damnit, I thought I was going down.
Waddell, the newspaperman, was a fellow in his middle forties, with a graying crewcut, heavy-framed glasses, and a large jaw padded with fat.
It can kill you.
He was a florid, puffy man in his early sixties, very natty in his yachting cap, striped jacket and white flannels.
He went down the steps to the galley and sleeping quarters;
He was in his early forties, rather short and very compactly built, and with a manner that was reserved and stiff despite his efforts to adapt himself to American ways.
"Well, no", Herr Schaffner said.
"I have in Europe a gross business of seven million dollars the year.
We spoke of the need for advertising, and I agreed that the deep dive would be most useful for publicity.
"What else"?
"At 200, 300, 400 feet under the water, when he must be paying very much attention, he will be thinking about what you are telling him.
But there is no use causing him to worry at this time".
He sloshed his drink around and drained it in a few large gulps.
"Blessed Saint Nicholas, I thank thee for getting me out of that mess and sending me up instead of down when I was bewildered.
He crossed himself again and rose.
"You know what they say about two deep dives in one day", Artie went on, still twirling the snorkle and studying it intently.
Yesterday;
Then it would be a choice between starvation and suicide.
"Come out, come out in the meadow", Matsuo said under his breath.
Matsuo had faked death and was pitched on a stack of corpses, both the burned and the unburned, the latter decomposing rapidly under the tropical sun.
Only the hum of insects and the distant fluttering call of a bird.
Like a mischievous boy expecting punishment, Matsuo awaited reaction from the jungle.
He wore no head cover of any kind and, more odd, had no visible weapon.
The marine was alone, for they were impatient people and by now would have vied to knock him from the tree.
The bullet had penetrated in the area of the right collarbone;
From its holder he took his own canteen.
"You came well equipped to die".
The smell of sake had freshened yesterday's events in his thoughts.
The man had thrown the left hand over his eyes.
A shrill yelp, kicked legs, and groping hands that circled Matsuo's wrist.
Matsuo walked toward his tree, once glancing back.
Matsuo hustled the rifle off his shoulder.
The marine was a winehead.
down in the broil of the sun he was becoming dried out.
"Marine.
He leered at the stranger as the distance between them closed.
"And what makes you think you're going to get it, pretty boy"?
A bullet gouged into the bar top an inch from Tilghman's stomach as Blue Throat's henchmen started shooting.
"And me", said another Blue Throat henchman.
The prediction was correct.
Several were firing into the barn when Billy Tilghman arrived.
Here he couldn't be seen by Blue Throat and his gang.
For fifty years his guns and ham-like fists shot holes through and battered the daylights out of the enemies of law and order in the frontier towns of the West.
It was snowing hard when they got there and they saw no horses outside.
The rancher grunted an acknowledgement but didn't move.
"Just dropped in to ask where Jed Hawkins lives.
He strolled back to the door, whistling softly, hands still clasped behind him.
"You'll stay right here", commanded Bill Doolin, covering Red with his rifle.
Then he would run to the toilet behind the house.
Something was beginning to stir and come alive in her, too (it may have been there for a good while, since she was twenty now;
He jumped back, ducked and ran, crouching, down the hill away from the school.
"Aren't you hungry"?
Daddy left the car for me, and I'm going to town this afternoon".
But Jack always derived vicarious sensual thrills from Charles'revelations (even when he suspected his friend of exaggeration or invention), so he usually invited them, as he did now.
"No, I mean how'd you get her to do it"?
When they reached the school, a gang of boys and girls were already there playing "crack the whip" in front of the schoolhouse.
He could think of nothing else save his mental image of her nude figure and what Charles had said that morning about Margaret Rider.
When she appeared, two or three of the little girls jumped up and down, yelling, "Goody, goody".
When her hand touched his, fire went through Jack and he felt weak, but he managed somehow to get her on her feet.
Jack walked off alone out the road in the searing midday sun, past Robert Allen's three-room, tarpapered house, toward the field where the other boys were playing ball, thinking of what he would do in order to make Miss Langford have him stay in after school -- because this was the day he had decided when he thought he saw the look in her eyes.
And so when the others stampeded out that afternoon Jack remained docilely in his seat near a window, looking out in what he hoped was a pitiable manner, while the other kids laughed and yelled in at him and made faces as they dispersed, going home.
He chuckled and gave the signal for the dance to start.
She was a top horsewoman and one of the city's most gracious hostesses.
Come a bit closer.
The woman seemed utterly unafraid of the snake which coiled on the floor in a torpor.
One less shouldn't matter to him".
The tall coachman walked off briskly in search of Alexander Prieur.
"Dandy is to be our house guest, Louis.
So Dandy Brandon trustingly entered the house with Delphine Lalaurie and trudged up the rear steps to the attic room which was to be his new home.
His pinched face showed the ravages of malnutrition.
"I saw the boy Dandy at the Congo Square festivities and felt sorry for him.
The Lalauries were at the top rung of the social ladder, and even a jury didn't feel privileged to doubt the veracity of so illustrious a lady.
The bleeding girl was tiring fast;
Ever since the hooch, and the trouble with the Quartet, and Midge and the child.
The train slowed at a road crossing, and the big door slid open;
Zingggg-O!
They whirled and saw him, standing there dim in the slatted light from the boarded freight wall.
"Oooo, square bit", Feathertop screwed his face up.
They couldn't have much dough, but then none of the freight-bums Feathertop rolled had much.
"And you know -- you're right"!
Slug the kid, grab his dough -- at least enough to get to Philadelphia -- and then have a rockin'ball with the doll.
"What's the matter, she wanna go the bathroom"?
Why, we got dinner right here.
"Fella", Ernie waggled a dirty finger at the younger man, "you try my ever-lovin'patience".
Nice kid, Ernie thought, too bad.
After a few seconds, she said, "Dad didn't like Cappy.
"Oh he was stupid, her old man!
These are just another couple of characters to roll.
He was big.
He took the bottle with undue belligerence, and making sucking noises with his thick lips, drained it completely.
Ernie was screaming inside himself: No, damn you, you ain't gonna take my meal ticket away from me!
The blade came out with a snick!
or the smell of thick tomato paste -- the ripe smell that was both sweet and sour -- rising up from aluminum trays wrapped in fly-dotted cheesecloth.
The only thing unusual about the Old Man had long since happened.
Not that one.
"Puttana"!
Perhaps he had known then where that hundred dollar bill had come from and where it was taking his wife.
Sameness lined the streets with two-story houses the color of ash.
Did the Old Man remember them there?
He was determined to hold out.
Nor would he work at all.
She leaned unconcerned against the broken porch fence, brushing and drying her wet, gilded hair in the sun.
But the only answer that reached him was the screeching of the porch rail from her leg moving against it.
Soothing it with his hand, knowing the whiskered jowls and the swollen smoothness of teats that wrinkled expectantly to his touch.
There would be time enough, perhaps the Old Man reassured himself, to pay the devil his due.
In two months she became a fat highly social baby, with a fuzz of flaxen hair all over her head.
In desperation Maggie consulted Eugenia one afternoon: "Do you think you could find me something I could do here at home to make some money, so I could still watch the baby and do the rest of the things"?
"She'll be just as beautiful in something that doesn't have to be ironed", Eugenia said.
When she came back Eugenia was sitting at the kitchen table with a pencil and envelope jotting down words and figures.
Eugenia sighed.
She said, "Oh Eugenia, I wish"
there never had been a need felt for such facilities.
The Abernathys said it to each other a dozen times a day.
they moved Maggie's bed and the baby's basket there, and the rest of them undressed by the stove and ran groaning and shivering to the upper polar regions and plunged into icy beds.
They begged Grandma to let them put a bed in the kitchen for her, but Grandma said she was getting too old to sleep in strange beds and be seen with her teeth out, and that she hoped to die in privacy like a Christian and if the Lord willed it to be of pneumonia than it would have to be that way.
"
"Let me stay and take the pictures you wanted, Mamma.
Tolley had no idea of marrying that sneaky little Jenny!
He kissed her.
I marry this man and woman together.
Reaching for an old clay pot, relic of pioneer days, he tore the envelope in pieces, dropping them into it, touching the little pyre to flame, watching it curl, the red sealing wax melting and bubbling in the feathery ash.
Mr. Robards -- Jenny was the only person she knew of in the Mt. Pleasant neighborhood who called him that -- was kind but too easygoing.
How strange it was that he could give her this handsome house and carte blanche as to its beautiful furnishings, and fail her in -- spiritual ways.
"Stand back, Miss Jen, she's oneasy of your scarf".
He would be in the barn, or riding for the veterinarian!
Just wait till she saw the Mare's foal.
Those elegant "At Home" cards she sent out, now she could wear her pretty clothes again, and had the house all trimmed up, hadn't brought many callers in two whole months.
She hoped they were well.
He was downright worried about her, but there was one more thing he could try.
"Why of course not", Zion said uncomfortably.
In winter, in the city, there had been the Maneret School, which taught excellently with a kind of austere passion for knowledge;
Only at this moment -- perhaps because it was before dawn and she was lying in Doaty's bed -- she found herself examining how others might regard her.
Everything must wait upon this mission, this sentimental duty of a pilgrim whose nature avoided graveyards.
Feeling protective toward this sleeping being, Henrietta found a yesterday bun and milk in a white jug, a breakfast which was somewhat the equivalent of going barefoot.
For the first time in thirty years, Henrietta walked down the narrow street with its shuttered shops just stirring and its inhabitants eying her with the frankest curiosity.
"I'm taking them to the cemetery", said Henrietta, out of a vague feeling of hospitality.
"Every month, f'r three days", he said happily, "I take no water into my system, no water whatsoever.
It must be that son who sat before her now, shriveled to half his size and half his senses.
Any harm in that"?
"Y'r dam'porridge is no breakfast", he said.
The children are eating, and Miss Blackwell's on her way somewheres".
Come on now".
She sat down on the nearest, fallen with age and gray with sea-damp, her fingers tracing the indecipherable carved letters padded with green moss.
Most of them have been assimilated, but sometimes a man in Miyagi or Akita prefectures is much more hairy than the average Japanese, and occasionally a girl will be strikingly lovely, her coloring warmed and improved by a little of the tawny honey-in-the-sun tint of the invaders from the South.
There was nothing wrong with her job.
Sooner or later, all the gray Navy ships came in here;
Japan did something to a man -- and it wasn't just Japan, either, because the same thing applied anywhere overseas.
"I don't believe I know you, and I can't understand your quaint brand of English -- it was meant to be English, wasn't it"?
"Uh -- sorry"!
Now, having been sent halfway around the world on a job she had not asked for, Tommy was being humiliated at every turn.
She told herself rebelliously, and with pride, I am an American!
Now there was raucous male singing from the Fleet Bar.
There was a letter to write to her mother, and she tried to make its tone cheerful.
There had never been a good reason for Doc Doolittle to grow up.
This deprived him of liberty in Hong Kong, but he told Boats McCafferty that Hong Kong was a book he had read before, and the Navy would always bring him there again, some day.
Grab a taxi".
Perhaps a packing trip into the Sierras, let his beard grow -- but that was too stark.
He laughed and laughed.
He was disappointed to find a nervous, scrawny woman with a big hat standing at the door.
She apparently wasn't satisfied with his reaction.
People don't know how much they give away about themselves by remarks like that.
Every day I visit a different hotel.
"You're in the secular world".
More people were passing;
They must be freezing up there now.
It took him about fifteen minutes to calm himself;
With any luck at all he could easily find a flowerpot.
The women had a bright shining expectancy as they leaned out from the wall and gazed splendidly into the distance, while the men were stern but hopeful.
"You can't build on your hit-and-miss five-seventeen".
"Well, of course I do.
His adventurous spirit had waned;
He passed two brides, both wearing orchids, and they made him feel a little sad.
"Well, okay", Buzz said.
"Let's have a drink and discuss a merger".
Alexander said, "Answer me properly, Spencer".
"What is the next step, Captain"?
"And also, sir, two articles which were considered souvenirs now must be regarded in another light entirely.
"Small violently jerked the weather-royal brace with full intention to carry away the mast.
Tillotson had reported the man to Gansevoort and an hour later, with back turned, had been attacked by Wilson, brandishing the weapon.
"There is not space to hold or force to guard any increased number of prisoners.
"That is extravagant language, Mr. Wales.
Alexander said.
It came to him as he wept there aboard the Somers that it was as foolish to strive for greatness as to seek to storm the gates of heaven.
Yes, he would bring the Somers safely into New York harbor but at a price.
Before God I swear I am innocent.
He is innocent".
But he could not have done so, could not have found the way, had fortune favored him.
"That's true", Spencer agreed and withdrew himself from the conversation.
Some of these apprentices were, in physical strength, already men and doubtless a percentage of them were Spencer's followers.
The girls in the market place wore long-sleeved dresses and covered their legs with cloth stockings.
Rachel said that schools and synagogues occupied most of the buildings.
Little boys crowded together on long wooden benches, and in the center of the room sat the teacher.
They bent over yellowed prayerbooks and looked up only to watch the teacher.
My eyes traveled over the bare walls and up to the one partially open window high above the little figures and back to the boys.
From behind us came the rapping of the stick and the high-pitched voices of the boys who would grow to devote their lives to rigid study and prayer.
I reached into the pocket of my skirt, fingered ten pruta, and dropped the coin.
They said that we must not fight but wait for the Messiah".
Her bright eyes were twinkling.
She was a strange woman, your mother.
And I think she sought out danger as much as she sought out helping other people.
Rachel clasped her hands together and slowed her pace.
She worked very hard.
Your mother would always retrieve him when he wandered off, and she would send him home to his son.
No one saw her except the man Reuveni".
Anyway, I did not see her until two weeks after the refugee hanged himself.
He took her to a doctor, for she was run down, nervous, did not care where she was.
But now the dream was over.
Out of the church and into his big car, it tooling over the road with him driving and the headlights sweeping the pike ahead and after he hit college, his expansiveness, the quaint little pine board tourist courts, cabins really, with a cute naked light bulb in the ceiling (unfrosted and naked as a streetlight, like the one on the corner where you used to play when you were a kid, where you watched the bats swooping in after the bugs, watching in between your bouts at hopscotch), a room complete with moths pinging the light and the few casual cockroaches cruising the walls, an insect Highway Patrol with feelers waving.
It is not having his baby nestled warm and fat against your breast and it is not having somebody that really gives a damn whether some tramp cracks your skull.
And in a way the promise works out true, for whether he wants you or not, you go with him in your heart.
You wonder about the Christmas card with no name on it, and it comes to you that maybe it would have been better to have made somebody else happy if you couldn't be happy yourself, to give somebody else the one they wanted -- to give them you.
If a man was good, if he was going to be governor, you felt it and you wanted him to go on forever.
A lock on the toilet would encourage malingering and primping.
The book could be The Brothers Karamazov, but it would still have the same jacket illustration.
They know from their researches into television and the movies that knights in the middle ages had beautiful flowing haircuts like Little Lord Fauntleroy, and only the villains had beards.
It was strange stuff -- it reminded me of the pictures of a child, but a child who has never played with other kids and has lived all its life with adults.
Attending the life class was my idea -- or rather, Askington's idea, but I was ripe for it, and the other two wouldn't have gone if I hadn't talked them into it.
instead of a necktie he wore a leather bolo drawn through a golden ring in which was set a lump of pale pure jade.
The fireplace had tiles made for Mrs. Monmouth by Picasso himself.
It doesn't embrace only the artist, alone before his easel.
just listening to him made me feel intelligent.
"My God, is he still alive?
"You're missing the point", he said.
He filled a real need, showing society what it looked like, turning it inside out, portraying its wars and its leaders, its ugliness and its beauties, reflecting its profound religious impulses.
It was mostly for the benefit of the mailman, because hardly anybody else ever visited us.
She asked.
You know that".
"I knew all this, but I paid no attention.
"I have these appointments in town for Saturday, and I'll probably spend Sunday with Dolly or the Thaxters".
Why, when I drove down to church, didn't it speak to me, seeing the lights still on and the day crisp and clear?
Then the telephoning began.
I had made a habit of calling her at night from my cottage, just to check.
With all that warm rain and the fog it might have been as simple as a loosened rock, a misstep.
At the same time that I thought I understood her at long last and pitied her, underneath this knowing had there burned unquenched by my pity a fire of hate, an enduring envy that burst out in that ghastly outcry?
She haunted me;
But suppose she had not taken Mrs. Mathias'advice and lived on like thousands of women in towns, dispossessed of love, hanging on to makeshifts, and altogether and finally arid.
The coffin stood on trestles in a corner of the long low dimly lit funeral parlor, on its dark shining surface the sheaf of white roses I had ordered.
"And then I had another place farther downtown I used as a studio".
She asked, turning slowly.
so he could have something of her for himself.
I sleep with you.
Would he have to clean up after her every day, clean the kitchen, the bathroom, and get down on his knees and scrub the kitchen floor, then hang up her dresses, pick up her stockings, make the bed while she lay around?
"The heavy thick soles.
He had put on the gray jacket and the dark-gray slacks and the fawn-colored shirt he had worn that first night in Rome when he had encountered her on the street.
She had some amusing scandal about the Farneses in the old days.
It was a good thing that she clung to her religion, he thought.
He wondered Probably because it was a place where she might get a feeling of certainty and security.
Being a woman though, she would take only what she needed from church.
A half hour later he got her up to go out for breakfast so the Ferraros, hearing them hurrying down the stairs, would think they were going to a late mass.
"If you find it necessary, Sam, go ahead", she said, turning on the stair.
The Ferraros offered them biscuits with the coffee.
She wanted to know.
Now a little flush came on her pale homely face and enchantment in her eyes.
Indeed he did, Sam said solemnly, trying to get Carla's eye.
In her dark, scornful fashion she proceeded to her destination, afraid of nothing, not even the evil spirits which kept her company in her time of bleeding.
Early Spring came from her bed, from beside her half-drunk husband, Walitzee, and stood at the entrance way to her lodge hearing the mild commotion, the sound of hushed voices.
And unsheathing the knife she used for curing hides she stepped away from the lodge, holding the knife at her side.
The sticks fell like a shower around her and she felt them sting her flesh and send tiny points of pain along her thighs.
But the old man turned on her, jerking the whip from her hand.
She said, "There is nothing that concerns you here.
She stared at the pale tracings on the tree, hearing her breath refracted from it, her face close and touching at time the rough edges of the bark.
He said, "Let me take her blows, for there are demons in me too".
They went into the sun together and paraded grandly in their war clothes, painting their faces with the sacred attis dug far off in the cave of skeletons.
They combed their hair and streaked it at the part and greased the bangs so that the hair above their foreheads stood rigid like the tails of sage hens making love.
They would ride with streaming amulets, their colors ripening in the sun, shouting the last bellicosity of a nation in the throes of death.
The sounds from the quarry began to pulse in her ears.
Julia felt at peace and drew her legs up and clasped her hands tightly around the bent knees.
I wish he was with me now, she thought, and that we were both the ages we are and doing what was once only pretense and acute embarrassment.
This room was like a prison.
The fabric was dark;
At least Alex had told him he wasn't dying.
He barely knew himself.
A plane up in the sky, above the clouds, and this freakish wreck of a man desperately trying to get away.
He was trying to smile at her.
I'll drop you off".
It's quite a big one", he added.
Julia moved past.
Please, you just go ahead".
"Oh no", she said.
He could not stop to analyze.
She said nothing until Pietro had slackened their pace.
Just a few more steps.
"I will.
Someone laughed.
I'll get it hauled away.
Look, sweetheart, some fool was.
He's got all the facts.
"
"They make us conformists look good".
Obviously, Susan was not.
"You know", he said.
Leaving Cathy with them, Myra had gone out to the Coast for a supposedly brief visit;
Lucy had an idea that Myra loved it.
thousands of miles away -- in Paris, of all places -- she might forget she had ever been a mother.
Their arms around each other, they had been talking of the present and the future;
they were husband and wife, and Myra had no right muddling and chilling their marriage.
"All that junk"?
"No", Susan said, grappling with her outsized armload of dolls with a Scrooge-like effect.
She was sorry, and angry at herself, because never in their life together had she done that.
among them, she had to prepare the guest room.
The closet was faintly fragrant with lavender, and as Lucy shut the door an unhappy memory slipped into her mind, like a lavender ghost: Greg's house, on the day he was buried, and the child, pale, silent, baffled, watching the funeral guests with panicky eyes.
for Mother to be able to call, Susan must be napping now, surrounded by her multitude of dolls.
"Just for a couple of weeks, till Myra finds a place for them".
Just before Myra left -- She was saying good-by to Cathy, and she didn't realize I was near".
"That does it"!
Cathy is tired, Lucy thought, watching them come slowly up the path.
Quint couldn't blame Maggie for disbelieving.
(If a dragon or a sea monster came along, didn't he have a red Swiss hunting knife on his belt -- ten blades and a corkscrew?
A dark bathroom can be pretty scary, and he'd creep back to bed, proud of himself, thinking: Tomorrow, for sure, I'll go down to the rock and keep my promise to Dad.
While I'm gone you get brown and fat as a pig, hear?
Wait and see, Dad".
He wadded his sweat shirt into a ball and stripped down to his swimming trunks.
She was holding on to his rock with one hand.
She was sore as a boil.
Quintus in Latin means" --
"If I was your mama, I'd wop your tail off".
Someone's walking past, you want to stop him, zoooop, snag him around the neck with the crook in your cane.
"His real name's DiMaggio, only we call him Maggie because he has to take tranquilizers.
I come early in the morning".
He's got a long beard and picks his teeth with a fork.
Near Galway the tinkers drove their caravans down to the beach and sang and drank and fought all night.
She skipped a piece of water at him and laughed, a funny, hoarse laugh he liked to hear.
"Say, you're quite a comic", Sabella said admiringly.
Next morning he tied a bunch of sea daisies with string and threw them across the V-shaped inlet to the rock where she was swimming around.
But Victoria began yodeling just then and he went home, carrying Sabella in the back of his head, not thinking about her, just knowing she was there, smiling, smelling of peppermints.
A cave seemed to be opening in Quint's stomach.
What caused it, he didn't know.
Wasn't John Cooper even more attractive at forty-seven than he had been twenty-five years earlier?
For it had been John and Linda ever since she had come out two seasons before at the Golf Club to the goggle-eyed admiration not only of the stag line but even of her fellow debs.
First, it came out after Mr. Cooper's will was settled -- he had died the year before -- that John and his mother weren't rich any more.
"I know she gives the impression of being shallow and frivolous and scatterbrained.
And you didn't see her much at Longue Vue or anywhere, for John had drifted away from the gang.
But the continuing charm of the other children -- Sally in 1940 and Jack in 1944 -- and all John's success at his work only made Edythe's dizziness and general uselessness more glaring.
The Coopers saw Bobbie and Linda socially, but no more than was necessary.
What she felt was a bone-deep loss with a sense of waste to it, not so much sorrow for handsome, ambitious Bobbie, but for the lost years that had been brought into high relief by his death.
But what was a decent six months or so after the more than twenty years gone by?
"You must have done something, something wrong.
"Now, I believe Poor John'll work just a little harder.
Poor John's rise continued to be meteoric.
I answered to find Nadine at the other end.
"I can't leave the party!
I'll be glad to pay you" --
"It's all right", I said, as she started to look scared.
"I'll answer it".
Well, there wasn't any law that said I had to stay!
"Pack your clothes", she hissed.
"He told Ken to his face that he doesn't have what it takes to get a woman!
Ken will never forgive him -- never!
"You go to bed", I said curtly.
I drove home, found Chris still asleep.
Mr. Thom had gotten Wally on the phone, and fired him.
When A bubble breaks, there's nothing.
But Chris brightened up like a candle.
Straightened out -- They'd had years of making all that money!
The finance company took all their furniture -- and they didn't have a cent to their name.
You're just a no-good bum"!
"You can get a job working in a grocery store, if nothing else".
Part of it was being so tired -- I'd not only had my usual full day yesterday, but a dinner meeting as well, that kept me up late.
At least, we were together and we had Mrs. Hodges, bless her, to look after us -- no mother could be fonder of Gladdy than Mrs. Hodges was.
Oh, I knew that I couldn't give myself all the credit for her decision.
Pete was down on Seven, Dick told me, and he'd meet us there.
It was thought wiser to keep them segregated from the patients in the regular charity ward.
Oh, could it be?
"Now, Miss -- or is it Mrs. Bancroft"?
"Your period"?
I was busy the rest of the day.
"All right.
Her eyes opened as soon as she heard me, though, and once again, I felt an inward shiver.
It was flat, definite.
I asked.
Even her voice had taken on a more cultivated tone.
But there was that something, some echo in the way she spoke.
Think I'm going to make you introduce a drunk as your wife?
The way she spoke, her flat acceptance of her alcoholic blackout, made me shudder.
And Gladdy would be safe!
Perhaps if I took off the aqua-lung I could swim better, love my woman better.
It was a Saturday evening in April with a mist-like rain, and I was a little high on the good taste of life.
I met Claire, which was better.
"Madame", I said with noblesse oblige because of the "handsome" -- "yeah".
After a few hours, Life hadn't showed, and I was crocked.
My head was clear, my thinking sober and I was reconciled to this Paris idea as a flop on top of all my others.
Suddenly I understood why she had the umbrella.
(I didn't have on a hat.
"Ah, Monsieur, it is not my business to wager it.
Because I liked this sad person so much, I said, "Will you have a drink with me"?
No child, this tart, she must have been thirty-five or even forty.
We undressed and made love with the comfortable acceptance I had once known with Valery.
"Bon jour"!
"What is this for"?
We sent the waiter away and ate a tremendous amount of cold ham, hot hard-boiled eggs and hot garlic bread.
"I carry one in my purse.
I asked, touching the scar on her stomach.
I fixed him with a steely eye and said, "What's this for?
Moreover, nursing various Stubblefields -- her aunt, then her mother, then her father -- through their lengthy illnesses (everybody could tell you the Stubblefields were always sick), Theresa had had a chance to read quite a lot.
Something special was going on here just now -- the annual display of azalea plants.
She loosened her tweed jacket and smoked a cigarette.
Her Cousin Emma Carraway had written it, in her loose high old lady's script -- t's carefully crossed, but l's inclined to wobble like an old car on the downward slope.
She refolded the letter, replaced it in its envelope, and turned with relief to one from her brother George.
Could it just be, Theresa wondered, that Anne had understood only too well, and that George all along was extraordinary only in the degree to which he was dull?
"You might treat it like the hiccups", said Papa.
Robbie and Beryl tried their best to persuade her to come and stay with them, and Anne and I have told her she's more than welcome here, but I think she feels that she might be an imposition, especially as long as our Rosie is still in high school.
I'll start sneezing in a minute, sitting on these cold steps.
Carrozza rides in the park, the Colosseum by moonlight, he specialized.
Of course, it wasn't Anne and George's fault that one family crisis seemed to follow another, and weren't they always emphasizing that they really didn't know what they would do without Theresa?
"
They were good-living religious people, and I can truthfully say I never heard them spread any gossip about anybody.
I guess it was at that moment that I realized what I was up against in the person of Lucille Warren.
I could hardly believe such good luck was mine.
He was too honorable to leave his wife penniless and leave those helpless children without their daddy.
Somebody with no vices.
He still wasn't looking at me.
I huddled miserably beside him in the truck.
I was desperate to hold him, to give him whatever in this world he wanted or needed, and to keep him from the clutches of Lucille Warren.
"Mmm".
I took great comfort from his words, and smiled to myself in the darkness.
Of course he would.
What could a mere twelve years matter?
"Always and always, Johnnie"?
I wanted to just throw myself into the good works of this fine group.
"Hey, there, beautiful twin of mine", Ronald said.
I hadn't liked it at first -- it was bitter and burning.
"I -- I don't think so, Ronald.
Today, he looked like an Astronaut who had left his vitamin pills on the bureau and spent six months in space: hollow eyes, hollow cheeks, hollow stomach.
He remembered seeing it last night, when he put away his small store of bachelor-type eatables.
You young men get to be my age, you won't take flu so lightly".
He looked up to see Mrs. Kirby, awesome in a black-and-yellow polka-dotted slicker, bearing down on him.
"You've got a peaked look.
but on further investigation, the thing proved to be a sweater, of the long-hair variety that sheds onto men's jackets -- pale, pale pink and, according to the label, size thirty-four.
He didn't want to encourage anything here;
They would be black or white or horse-blanket plaid, chic and splashy, like Vivian herself.
Just look at that sky.
That pale kind, Charlie thought.
Frail, feeble -- peaked.
"M-m-m.
By the next morning, she had turned the paper over.
She's got browny hair".
"I've got this sunburn", said the note, "and I used some of your hand lotion.
He didn't know what was so tough about Vivian's world, slopping around Nassau with what's-his-name.
I'll bet she told you I was puny, too.
Also the canoe".
Eddie shouted.
The fighters were separated in a few minutes.
The Anniston catcher did not reply with words.
In the last of the sixth inning Mike Deegan got up to bat and hit a fast ball over the left fielder's head.
They poured water over their catcher's face.
It began to look as if something was going to happen.
Tell your guys not to block the plate".
Deegan fell into the dirt, the ball going over him.
When he finally did he had to duck his head quickly away as the pitch came in.
The pitcher tossed his glove away and came towards Mike Deegan.
Phil sighed and pulled the wet sweatshirt over his head.
Mike placed both his hands on his hips.
But before anything could happen Frankie Ricco was between them and Eddie Lee had come into the dressing room.
"Is this because of what happened out there"?
Eddie Lee leaned forward over the desk.
I know you've got talent.
I tell you when it's necessary to hurt in order to win -- you won't do it.
Phil thought.
Phil turned and left the room, hearing Eddie say: "Someday you'll see I was right".
Frankie shook his head.
Phil was very quiet.
"Do what"?
"You'll get a job there.
And one day, on her own, his mother came home with a present entitled The Book of the Dead, which she suspected Richard would enjoy.
Richard was a solitary student in New York and acquired, in his remoteness, a thorough if bookish knowledge of Asian lore, literature, life, politics and history.
He had dusted each of the books carefully and carried them all to the basement and, trembling at having to open the big furnace, given them up to the flames.
In Charlotte, Richard saw a frankness and a zest for doing things which, after a fashion, he envied.
Soba, udon and tea were In because they could be taken noisily.
I'm surprised no one has been there.
"There was that fellow out there in the bitter cold" --
The conversation went on but Richard stopped listening.
The strange creature, housed in wire, made him shudder.
He seemed to have picked up a virus that day, because the next morning he had a small cough and felt a bit hot.
I had turned at the corner of the field and I had to look back to raise the plow and then to drop it again into the earth, and I was thinking of the boy and the water anyway, and when I looked again down the furrow, the snake was there.
I followed it, looking at the brilliant colors on its tubular back, the colors clear and sharp and perfect, in orange and green and brown diamonds the size of a baby's fist down its back, and the diamonds were set one within the other and interlaced with glistening jet-black.
The snake worked away very slowly and delicately and with a gorgeous kind of dignity and beauty, and he carried his head a little above the rolled clods.
Even at that distance, with no sound but the sound of the tractor, I could tell the fierce mark of brutality on the boy.
The boy waited at the corner, with the jar of water held up to me in his hands, and the water had grown bubbly in the heat of the morning.
I looked closely at his eyes, and he was already innocent;
"Why did you kill it"?
"They eat chickens sometimes", the boy said.
the colors of its back were dull and gray-looking, torn and smashed in, and dirty from the boy's shoes.
"It's a big snake, isn't it"?
I could have slapped the boy.
This was it.
Look at Pete Alcorn, who hadn't missed a Hanford ball game in fifteen years.
"In response to your letter, I can in good conscience recommend my son, David, in the field of leadership".
Mr. Partlow banged his fist on the keyboard, ruining the letter.
He told Hanford his son had participated in numerous high-school activities.
Yet the whole of Anne was something she had never learned in any college.
When I went to college they begged you to come.
Always messing around with science stuff.
Limited interests.
From those navy-blue eyes she saw things as clearly and honestly as David did.
David grinned.
Your acceptance will come through".
Anne waited until the door had slammed and picked up the coffeepot.
They want a letter from me on his motives, interests and leadership.
"The fact remains he was treasurer".
Astronomy.
"You mean that rock-and-roll combo?
But I refuse to be brutally honest and mention Chief Crazy Horse and his Five Colts".
"And what would you say he wants to do?
You want him to be a leader of men, like you".
Cady walked the block to the mailbox, almost ashamed of himself for arguing with Anne.
There was an assertive maleness in his grinning refusal to pick them up.
More he could take at leisure.
Martin gave her a teasing pat.
He saw that Dolores intended to wait until the last minute, thinking he would get nervous.
He could not cross the living room, brush past her, and bend down to retrieve the shorts.
Clearly she had been instructed "not to say a word".
Suppose he ran up the white flag altogether?
he had in fact said simply that he wished the thing hadn't happened, which was as honest as he could put it.
Of course, the tours of inspection included the ever-present shorts.
Then one of the guests showed his merriment.
What to talk about?
Six weeks of marriage and I'm using the past tense, he told himself furiously.
In a frenzy of excitement, he considered his plan.
To have her underclothes linked with his on the floor would draw her visibly into a struggle both bitter and absurd.
Extending her fingers another inch, she caught up the shorts, and swiftly left the room.
Isn't his racket down your alley"?
Willis listened patiently, and once in a while William was exposed to them at a family gathering;
Heavy industry, slanted toward inexhaustible government coffers, attracted him.
I know a guy named Jack Hamrick, a very bright young engineer who was with Chrysler, and I took him with me to Allstates.
Willis glanced at the bound pages given him and shrugged.
"Which is a frightful prospect, Bill".
Freddy's backing dropped away from him and Mr. Willis was forced to make up the deficit.
William spent a long week end closeted with Hamrick.
I wish I was younger and less timid.
You mustn't take a fall, or publicly back away.
"It's absurd, Bill", Freddy said, from a pale face.
Sure, Ticonderoga went broke in the low-priced market bucking the Big Three.
Why not come down smartly in the world, in a chic fashion, with an Allstates-Zenith"?
Nothing has been lost.
Sweat started out on William's forehead, whether from relief or disquietude he could not tell.
Mills secured Barco's photograph from the gentleman in charge, rushed to the Hollywood police station to report the theft, and less than five minutes later, detectives with his picture in hand were on the trail of Cal Barco.
However while in his cell awaiting trial for theft, Barco, in a fit of apprehension, made an attempt to take his own life.
The suicide attempt looked to him like an opportunity to put his theory to the test.
Barco was clearly a "nut".
"Well, for ten years I've been murdering women.
Nothing was found.
Joking stopped and everyone gathered around.
Once there, the D.A. with devilish cleverness would provide Marshall with headlines: "Viola's Multiple Romances" "Viola Lake an Addict" "Downfall of Another Film Idol"!
She arrived late and as she entered the party, noted that gentlemen seemed to be in the majority;
The incident, aside from reflecting on Welch's political career, had all but wrecked his home life.
I hated being dragged into the salons of these aristocrats.
I realized that Hamlet was faced with an entirely different problem, but his agony could have been no greater.
Soon we were deep in a conversation that was interrupted many times by little things like Jennie's holding her breath and pretending to black out, Miranda's dumping the contents of the sugar bowl on the table, and various screeches, thuds, and giggles.
Francesca and Herbert were among the few people we knew in Catatonia.
They were married at a lavish ceremony which was duly recorded in Parvenu and all other magazines and newspapers, and then they honeymooned in Bermuda.
It had a gourmet's corner (instead of a kitchen), a breakfast room, a luncheon room, a dining room, a sitting room, a room for standing up, a party room, dressing rooms for everybody, even a room for mud.
Practically the only enthusiasm they showed was when they were discussing "names";
Anyone knows how a real, red-blooded woman would react to such a catastrophe!
She lived in an ultra-modern house whose decoration, appointments, paint, and even pets were chosen to complement her coloring;
I never thought I'd live to hear people chuckle and say "zounds"!
pioneers who looked like off-duty gardeners even at parent-teacher conferences and who never called the school principal "Mister".
I made plans for the afternoon -- doing the breakfast and luncheon dishes all at once, making the beds, and then maybe painting the kitchen.
The cake was received in a stunned silence that was evidence in itself of the dearth of taste thrills Mama had been providing.
I was also publicly reprimanded, dragged through the mud by the radical press and made a figure of fun by such leftist publications as The New Republic, The New Yorker, Time and The Christian Science Monitor.
As Charles Evans Hughes said, "Miss Poitrine's limitations as an actress are exceeded only by her logic as a litigant".
Could it do otherwise?
(But that is another story.
It almost always works out for the best.
Between 1935 and 1939 Letch and I made ten films together, each less successful, both artistically and commercially, than the one before it.
Whenever he deigned to appear at the studio he was "hung over", uncooperative, rude and insulting.
It was a disaster!
"If I could only think of something at the studio, near me, to absorb his boundless energy", I said.
Then, at last, his day would fall into an ordered pattern and he would be free to read, or garden or just wander through the woods in the late afternoon, accompanied by his dogs.
Why in the world couldn't he live in one place the way everyone else seemed to?
It might be that certain people were born with a compulsion to complicate their lives, while others could live blissfully motionless almost indefinitely, like lizards in the sun, too indolent to blink their eyes.
He turned over impatiently and pulled the sheet over his head against the treacherous encroachment of the dawn.
After all, if you were going to set up a workshop you had to have the proper equipment and that was that.
How did one attach anything to a stone wall, for that matter?
They lay on the cellar floor in a disorderly pile.
The only trouble was that he himself was tied up on the school job.
He said he was the lonely type and working in a cellar you saw funny things coming out of the cracks in the wall if they wasn't nobody with you.
"By the way", said Mr. Blatz, packing his tools into a battered carrier, "them power tools needs extra voltage.
He oughta be able to build a new house with all them contraptions".
"We won't live long enough if I wait for you, besides which you don't need to worry -- there'll be plenty more".
In common parlance they would be described as misses -- misinterpreters, misunderstanders, misdirectors and kindred misdeeds.
"Mr. Jones, you may recall that we printed last week your denial of having retracted the contradiction of your original statement.
"It took me five hours to write it that way".
"Do you see that pretty girl standing next to the car with slacks on"?
"Officials Meet on rubbish.
Samples: He walked in upon her invitation.
Apart from journalese and vaudeville gags, the anatomical is also found in jocular literature.
But since the gourmet insisted that it is done that way at the most fashionable dinners, the girl reluctantly agreed.
"Oh, I'm so delighted to meet you", she gushed.
Her woolly-minded parent agreed.
This is not unlike the order received by the sergeant of an army motor pool: "Four trucks to Fort Mason gym, 7:30 tonight, for hauling girls to dance.
"Who's in it"?
He thought a moment, then inquired, "You mean petted"?
The speaker referred to the whiskey but his friend thought he meant the cold.
Did you go to their funeral"?
"Can I bear it"?
"What's the matter with the music"?
Moreland asked, grimly.
"Moore and Longfellow didn't have the fate that faces us", Moreland said.
It is becoming harder and harder to tell law courts and political arenas from the modern theatre".
"Furiouser and furiouser", I said.
"Oh, I forgot to say that if one is taken to the funny house in the funny wagon, he is removed to a mental institution in an ambulance.
"That is only partly non-nonsense", he began.
But, like Caesar, he has only one joke, so far as I can find out.
"The world that was once foot-loose and fancy-free", he said, "has now become screw-loose and frenzy-free.
It isn't what the ideologist believes in, but what he hates, that puts the world in jeopardy.
They wanted to touch the mystery.
That had happened on the day when two other unusual things had occurred.
Maybe that was why they were cordial and loyal towards the unpredictability of Arlene.
One of the many things that was so nice about her was that she always took your questions seriously, particularly your very, very serious questions.
She held herself that way and turned her head towards them and laughed and winked.
It all has something to do with General Burnside and his horse".
They had to be told that one.
Then, they said General Burnside was going to jump over his horse's head;
That helped a great deal.
"Arlene's a good girl", my uncle remarked to us;
but it made her look unusual.
She added.
Arlene became indispensable;
But he was always persuaded out.
There was an air of revolt about the children -- even irreverence for their own principles.
"You don't step on the flowers, do you?
"Tell me -- what do you do at the park"?
She laughed a little and tossed the dregs rakishly around in her glass.
He was very funny about the whole thing.
Old Order, acted and atonally sung by Grunnfeu Arapacis, the lovely Serbantian import, then entered and delivered the well-known invocation to the god Phineoppus, whereupon the stage is quite unexpectedly visited by a company of wandering Gorshek priests, symbolizing Love, Lust, Prudence and General Motors, respectively.
As you have doubtless guessed already, the plot is plastered with Freudian, Jungian, and Meinckian theory.
and it is not unlikely that, even as the great Bach lay dormant for so many years, so has the erudite, ingenious SalFininistas passed through his "purgatory" of neglect.
Although the play does show a certain structural amateurishness (there are eleven acts varying in length from twenty-five seconds to an hour and a half), the statement it makes concerning the ceaseless yearning and searching of youth is profound and worthy of our attention.
It is not an entirely happy book, as Mrs. Fink soon becomes jealous of Alicia and, in retaliation, refuses to continue to scrape the algae off her glass.
(Norman Mailer), but no one can deny that the screen crackles with electricity whenever he is on it.
I asked Quasimodo recently how he accomplished this, and he replied that he had painted his model "a beautiful shade of red and then had her breathe on the canvas", which was his typical tongue-in-cheek way of chiding me for my lack of sensitivity.
You have unwittingly set in motion forces so malign, so vindictive, that it would be downright inhumane of me not to warn you about them.
Then, having wrapped the lot in an afghan my dog customarily slept on, you lammed out the front door, considerately leaving it open for neighbors to discover.
'fess up -- don't you?
The three Indian brass deities, though -- Ganessa, Siva, and Krishna -- are an altogether different cup of tea.
Furthermore -- and this, to me, strikes an especially warming note -- it shall avail the vandals naught to throw away or dispose of their loot.
Our suspicions eventually centered, by the process of elimination, on a grocer's boy, a thoroughly bad hat, who delivered cartons to the people overhead.
"No divinity will hold still for that.
His hubris, deficiency of taste, and sadism carried him straightaway to the top.
you can't very well sidle up to people on the street and ask if they want to buy a hot Bodhisattva.
