Merger proposed
"Failure to do this will continue to place a disproportionate burden" on Fulton taxpayers.
(2)
The petition said that the couple has not lived together as man and wife for more than a year.
In the Blue Ridge meeting, the audience was warned that entering a candidate for governor would force it to take petitions out into voting precincts to obtain the signatures of registered voters.
The Georgia Legislature will wind up its 1961 session Monday and head for home -- where some of the highway bond money it approved will follow shortly.
Vandiver opened his race for governor in 1958 with a battle in the Legislature against the issuance of $50 million worth of additional rural roads bonds proposed by then Gov. Marvin Griffin.
Barber, who is in his 13th year as a legislator, said there "are some members of our congressional delegation in Washington who would like to see it (the resolution) passed".
"Being at the polls was just like being at church.
"There wasn't a bit of trouble".
The escheat law cannot be enforced now because it is almost impossible to locate such property, Daniel declared.
The bill is designed to provide special schooling for more deaf students in the scholastic age at a reduced cost to the state.
Rep. Berry, an ex-gambler from San Antonio, got elected on his advocacy of betting on the ponies.
One, by Sen. Louis Crump of San Saba, would aid more than 17,000 retailers who pay a group of miscellaneous excise taxes by eliminating the requirement that each return be notarized.
Rep. Wesley Roberts of Seminole, sponsor of the poll idea, said that further delay in the committee can kill the bill.
The bill would increase from $5,000,000 to $15,000,000 the maximum loan the state could make to a local water project.
A normal year's work in college is 30 semester hours.
He also received a Master of Science degree from Texas A & I College and a Bachelor of Science degree from Southwestern State College, Weatherford, Okla.
"Must solve problem"
The disclosure by Charles Bellows, chief defense counsel, startled observers and was viewed as the prelude to a quarrel between the six attorneys representing the eight former policemen now on trial.
There is a conflict among the defendants".
He said evidence was obtained "in violation of the legal rights of citizens".
"Actually, the abuse of the process may have constituted a contempt of the Criminal court of Cook county, altho vindication of the authority of that court is not the function of this court", said Karns, who is a City judge in East St. Louis sitting in Cook County court.
-- President Kennedy today proposed a mammoth new medical care program whereby social security taxes on 70 million American workers would be raised to pay the hospital and some other medical bills of 14.2 million Americans over 65 who are covered by social security or railroad retirement programs.
Outlays would increase
A patient could receive up to 300 days paid-for nursing home care under a "unit formula" allowing more of such care for those who use none or only part of the hospital-care credit.
It is a program of prepayment of health costs with absolute freedom of choice guaranteed.
The schools could use the money to pay 4-year scholarships, based on need, of up to $2,000 a year per student.
Asks research funds
Senate Republican Leader Dirksen (Ill.) and House Republican Leader Charles Halleck (Ind.) said the message did not persuade them to change their opposition to compulsory medical insurance.
The rule was enforced by demand of Sen. Wayne Morse (D., Ore.) in connection with President Eisenhower's cabinet selections in 1953 and President Kennedy's in 1961.
There should even be no more bitter surprises in the UN General Assembly as to NATO members'votes, since a new ad hoc NATO committee has been set up so that in the future such topics as Angola will be discussed in advance.
But where the core of NATO is concerned, the Secretary of State has not only reiterated the United States'profound attachment to the alliance, "cornerstone" of its foreign policy, but has announced that five nuclear submarines will eventually be at NATO's disposal in European waters.
The United States, State Department officials explain, now is mainly interested in setting up an international inspection system which will prevent Laos from being used as a base for Communist attacks on neighboring Thailand and South Viet Nam.
How effective have Kennedy administration first foreign policy decisions been in dealing with Communist aggression?
Kennedy administration policies also have been assailed now from another direction by 70 Harvard, Boston University, Brandeis, and Massachusetts Institute of Technology educators.
Strenuous efforts were made to remove pin pricking from administration statements.
(Some SEATO nations disagreed, however.
The White House is taking extraordinary steps to check the rapid growth of juvenile delinquency in the United States.
Mr. Hawksley said yesterday he would be willing to go before the city council "or anyone else locally" to outline his proposal at the earliest possible time.
One advantage that would come to the city in having a full-time director, he said, is that East Providence would become eligible to apply to the federal government for financial aid in purchasing equipment needed for a sound civil defense program.
One of the first things he would do, he said, would be to organize classes in first aid.
"I would expect the proposed committee to hold public hearings", Mr. Notte said, "to obtain the views of the general public and religious, labor and special-interest groups affected by these laws".
The council advised the governor that "large supermarkets, factory outlets and department stores not be allowed to do business" on Sunday.
He steered me to the right track -- the free enterprise track".
Mr. Martinelli explained that there should be more than enough signatures to assure the scheduling of a vote on the home rule charter and possible election of a nine member charter commission within 70 days.
He said he would not be surprised if some of the more than 30 members of the group are interested in running on the required non-partisan ballot for posts on the charter commission.
Nothing has been done yet to take advantage of the enabling legislation.
Sunday he had added, "We can love Eisenhower the man, even if we considered him a mediocre president but there is nothing left of the Republican Party without his leadership".
Dumont spoke on the merit of having an open primary.
The state is now faced with the immediate question of raising new taxes whether on utilities, real estate or motor vehicles, he said, "and I challenge Mitchell to tell the people where he stands on the tax issue".
Sandman, state campaign chairman for Jones, was addressing a meeting in the Military Park Hotel, Newark, of Essex County leaders and campaign managers for Jones.
County Supervisor Weldon R. Sheets, who is a candidate for the Democratic gubernatorial nomination, today called for an end to paper ballots in those counties in the state which still use them.
-- William J. Seidel, state fire warden in the Department of Conservation and Economic Development, has retired after 36 years of service.
He promised nearly 200 Democratic county committee members at the meeting in the Puddingstone Inn: "When I come back here after the November election you'll think,'You're my man -- you're the kind of governor we're glad we elected'".
He called for a greater attraction of industry and a stop to the piracy of industry by Southern states, and a strong fight against discrimination in business and industry.
He said "Morris County is rapidly changing and unless steps are taken to preserve the green areas, there will be no land left to preserve".
She also was the original GOP national committeewoman from New Jersey in the early 1920s following adoption of the women's suffrage amendment.
Their view is that last-minute changes the Mayor is proposing to make in the Democratic ticket only emphasize the weakness of his performance as Mayor.
The Mayor declined in two interviews with reporters yesterday to confirm or deny the reports that he had decided to run and wanted Mr. Screvane, who lives in Queens, to replace Abe Stark, the incumbent, as the candidate for President of the City Council and Mr. Beame, who lives in Brooklyn, to replace Mr. Gerosa as the candidate for Controller.
"It's'See Joe, see Jim'", he says.
Day after day some new episode is reported.
Mr. Trimble has been in the hospital but is expected back Tuesday.
This would provide for long-term Federal loans for construction of parochial and other private-school facilities for teaching science, languages and mathematics.
Last month in Ghana an American missionary discovered when he came to pay his hotel bill that the usual rate had been doubled.
And then, some churchmen remarked, there is a more classical church-state problem:
This was the biggest annual outlay since the Communist program for the under-developed countries made its modest beginning in 1954.
The Advisory Committee on Administrative and Budgetary Questions is expected to receive the report this week.
Their joint statement was welcomed by the Western delegations who will attend tomorrow the nineteenth plenary session of the fourteen-nation conference on the future of Laos.
To deal with principles
They reside at 4911 Miles Dr.
Great chapters of history have been recorded along the avenue, now about 169 years old.
Moving past the presidential viewing stand and Lafayette Square will be at least 40 marching units.
-- What does 1961 offer in political and governmental developments in Mississippi?
If Barnett doesn't call a special session in 1961, it will be the first year in the last decade that the Legislature has not met in regular or special session.
Future clouded
The administration has said the sales tax proposal is merely part of the segregation strategy, since the revenues from the increase would be dedicated to a grant in aid program.
Actually, Davis would have to toss in the towel soon anyway.
This would be in perfect consonance with the underlying concern in the administration -- the shortage of cash.
A constant problem confronting Davis on any proposals for new taxes will be the charge by his foes that he has not tried to economize.
The Philadelphia Transportation Co. is investigating the part its organization played in reviewing the project.
The suit was filed later in the day in Common Pleas Court 7 against the Hughes company and two bonding firms.
But, Hemphill added, bids from other contractors ranged from $2400 to $3100 per joint.
"Certain people must have known about it".
Goodis said that single rooms account for 95 percent of the accomodations in some hotels.
$15,000 to pay six policemen assigned as dog catchers and $15,000 to investigate dog bites.
His widow started the circulation of petitions after Barnard was reprimanded for violating the probation.
The plan for eliminating traffic hazards for pedestrians was developed by Dr. Constantinos A. Doxiadis, former Minister of Reconstruction in Greece and a consulting planner for the New Eastwick Corp.
The battalion chief said he had just gotten into his 1958 model automobile to move it from the driveway of his home so that he could take his other car to work.
The fire department here has been torn for months by dissension involving top personnel and the fight between the fire fighters association and the teamsters union.
An agreement between the leaders of four parties which contested indecisive elections on Oct. 15 was reached after almost 18 hours of political bargaining under the threat of an army coup d'etat.
He is married and the father of three children.
By leaving our doors open the United States gives other peoples the opportunity to see us and to compare, he said.
Chairman C. Richard Mears pointed out that perhaps this was not strictly a school board problem, in case of atomic attack, but that the board would cooperate so far as possible to get the children to where the parents wanted them to go.
Salem (AP)
Board members indicated Monday night this would be done by an advisory poll to be taken on Nov. 15, the same date as a $581,000 bond election for the construction of three new elementary schools.
Incumbent William Brod is opposed in his re-election bid by Barbara Njust, Miles C. Bubenik and Frank Lee.
however, the first belief stood for entire revision with a new third point added to the list.
Super again elected
Talking of the rapid population growth (upwards of 12,000 babies born daily) with an immigrant entering the United States every 1-1/2 minutes, he said "our organization has not been keeping pace with this challenge".
-- Encouraging by every means, all existing Assemblies of God churches to start new churches.
"It is not necessary that a defendant actually have conpired to use the U.S. mails to defraud as long as there is evidence of a conspiracy, and the mails were then used to carry it out".
With one down in the eighth, Marv Throneberry drew a walk and stole second as Hyde fanned Tuttle.
Keegan, a 6-foot-3-inch 158-pounder, gave up the Orioles'last two safeties over the final three frames, escaping a load of trouble in the ninth when the Birds threatened but failed to tally.
Lumpe errs
Breeding to Adair to Gentile, setting up Tuttle's 390-foot homer over the wall in left center.
When he was inducted into the Army at Fort Knox, Ky., Hansen's weight had dropped to 180 -- "too light for me to be at my best" he said.
Ralph Houk, successor to Casey Stengel at the Yankee helm, plans to bring the entire New York squad here from St. Petersburg, including Joe Dimaggio and large crowds are anticipated for both weekend games.
Hansen arrived just before nightfall, two hours late, in company with Lee MacPhail;
Richard M. Forbes's Paget, which had what seemed to be a substantial lead in the early stages, tired rapidly nearing the wire and was able to save place money only a head in front of Glen T. Hallowell's Milties Miss.
Mills shot out in front and kept the lead through two thirds of the race.
St. Petersburg, Fla., March 17 (AP)
But ask coach Darrell Royal what position he plays and you'll get the quick response, "place-kicker".
Moritz came to Texas in 1954 but his freshman football efforts were hampered by a knee injury.
Moritz, however, kicks only about 10 or 12 extra points during each practice session.
It didn't;
Both turned in top jobs for the second straight game.
The Air Force's, and the game's, final play, was a long pass by quarterback Bob McNaughton which Gannon intercepted on his own 44 and returned 22 yards.
"We'll let him do a lot of running this week, but I don't know if he'll be able to play".
The Dallas Texans were back home Monday with their third victory in four American Football League starts -- a 19-12 triumph over the Denver Broncos -- but their visit will be a short one.
The Texans won the game through ball control, with Quarterback Cotton Davidson throwing only 17 passes.
Texas'545-yard spree against Washington State gave the Longhorns a 3-game total offense of 1,512 yards (1,065 rushing and 447 passing) a new SWC high.
Nischwitz fanned six and walked only Charley Hinton in the third inning.
The Bears added their last run in the sixth on Alusik's double and outfield flies by Porter and Wert.
Lefty Wyman Carey, another Denver rookie, will be on the mound against veteran John Tsitouris at 8 o'clock Tuesday night.
The Twins tied the score in the sixth inning when Reno Bertoia beat out a high chopper to third base and scored on Lenny Green's double to left.
Jensen got only six hits in 46 at-bats for a batting average in the first 12 games.
"I told him who I was and he was quite cold.
And so it was over the weekend what with 40-year-old Warren Spahn pitching his no-hit masterpiece against the Giants and the Giants'Willie Mays retaliating with a record-tying 4-homer spree Sunday.
"Spahnie doesn't know how to merely go through the motions", remarked Enos Slaughter, another all-out guy, who played rightfield that day and popped one over the clubhouse.
Willie's lifetime batting average of is 11 points beyond Mickey's.
You would be surprised how many fans purposely stayed away from Bears Stadium last year because of the television policy.
Momentarily the Reds were back in the ball game, trailing only 6-3, but the drive fizzled when John Edwards fouled out with men on second and third and two out.
Gauer works with the ends.
Skorich, who is 39 years old, played football at Cincinnati University and then had a three-year professional career as a lineman under Jock Sutherland with the Pittsburgh Steelers.
With the announcement of a "special achievement award" to William A. ((Bill) Shea, the awards list was completed yesterday for Sunday night's thirty-eighth annual dinner and show of the New York Chapter, Baseball Writers'Association of America, at the Waldorf-Astoria Hotel.
The 53-year-old Shea, a prominent corporation lawyer with a sports background, is generally recognized as the man most responsible for the imminent return of a National League club to New York.
A big-league municipal stadium at Flushing Meadow Park is in the works, and once the lease is signed the local club will be formally recognized by Commissioner Ford C. Frick.
On Friday, Roger Maris, the Yankee outfielder and winner of the American League's most-valuable-player award, will meet with Roy Hamey, the general manager.
Arnold Palmer has been a blazing figure in golf over the past twelve months.
The world's best golfer, shooting below par, came to the last hole of the opening round of the Los Angeles open with every intention of delivering a final crusher.
So he wound up with a dozen.
"Nae, man", said Willie, "ye must be countin'the echoes".
Joe naturally ruled that a ball be dropped from alongside the spot where it had originally entered the stream.
Asked Palmer of an official.
A formula to supply players for the new Minneapolis Vikings and the problem of increasing the 1961 schedule to fourteen games will be discussed by National Football League owners at a meeting at the Hotel Warwick today.
They have the same men, no age problem, no injuries and they also have Vinegar Bend Mizell for the full season, along with Bobby Shantz".
Boyer is suffering from a stiff neck.
"Lindy McDaniel threw batting practice about 25 minutes, and he looked good", Hemus said.
Bill Mazeroski with and Hal Smith with were the only Pirates dragging their feet.
A year later they were 4-13.
The most valuable player award was split three ways, among Glen Mankowski, Gordon Hartweger and Tom Kieffer.
Benington said, "I've never seen a player have a game as great as Mankowski did against Bradley that day".
"This team set a precedent that could be valuable in the future", Benington pointed out.
Happy hitting
Labor relations
The Major decided that, rather than be led, the slugger could lead.
In the small group will be the junior and senior Mrs. Walter Monroe;
They will take a wedding trip later.
Because of the recent death of the bride's father, Frederick B. Hamm, the marriage of Miss Terry Hamm to John Bruce Parichy will be a small one at noon tomorrow in St. Bernadine's church, Forest Park.
With loud huzzahs for the artistic success of the Presbyterian-St. Luke's Fashion show still ringing in her ears, its director, Helen Tieken Geraghty (Mrs. Maurice P. Geraghty) is taking off tomorrow on a 56 day world trip which should earn her even greater acclaim as director of entertainment for next summer's International Trade fair.
the Geraghtys'youngest daughter, Molly, bows in the Passavant Debutante Cotillion the next night.
Miss Burke, a graduate of Miss Hall's school, stayed on in Florence as a career girl.
Pretty Sunny Ainsworth, the ex-Mrs. Tommy Manville and the ex-Mrs. Bud Arvey, joined Playboy-Show-Biz Illustrated, as a promotional copy writer.
a medico's injection inflamed a nerve, and Johnny can barely walk.
She'll move to Gotham after years in Paris.
It's one of our town's worthiest charities.
Hmpf But on to the frothier side Johnny Weissmuller, the only real Tarzan, telephoned Maureen O'Sullivan, his first "Jane" (now at Drury Lane) and muttered, "Me Tarzan, this Jane"?
Jean Fardulli's Blue Angel is the first top local club to import that crazy new dance, the Twist.
Grandparents are Mr. and Mrs. Robert L. Chase and Mr. and Mrs. Guy Mullenax of Kittredge.
There will be a stag dinner Friday evening at the Denver Country Club which will precede the opening of the 1961 golf season.
Members of the committee include Mrs. Milton Bernet, Mrs. J. Clinton Bowman, Mrs. Rollie W. Bradford, Mrs. Samuel Butler Jr., Mrs. Donald Carr Campbell, Mrs. Douglas Carruthers, Mrs. John C. Davis 3, Mrs. Cris Dobbins, Mrs. William E. Glass, Mrs. Alfred Hicks 2, Mrs. Donald Magarrell, Mrs. Willett Moore, Mrs. Myron Neusteter, Mrs. Richard Gibson Smith, Mrs. James S. Sudier 2, and Mrs. Thomas Welborn.
"Mom" Marr, as the more than 80 men at the center call her, is the link that helps to bridge the gulf between alcoholics and the outside world and between parolees and society.
By mid-June, millions of Americans will take to the road on vacation trips up and down and back and forth across this vast and lovely land.
set for influx
But the Royal Motel in Shamrock was the only one that offered the comfort and security of a storm cellar.
Dr. W. B. I. Martin officiated, and the bride was given in marriage by her father.
Miss Mary Ross of Baird was maid of honor, and bridesmaids were Miss Pat Dawson of Austin, Mrs. Howard M. Dean of Hinsdale, Ill., and Mrs. James A. Reeder of Shreveport, La.
She wore a gown of satin designed along princesse lines and featuring a flared skirt and lace jacket with bateau neckline.
The Louisiana city is known, of course, for its fine food, good music and its colorful hospitality "and, when guests arrive at Philmont that night", says Mrs. Grinsfelder, "that is exactly what we expect to offer them.
It is just bad luck that we are having the party in a month with no R's, so no oysters.
For the convenience of guests bundle centers have been established throughout the city and suburbs where the donations may be deposited between now and the date of the big event.
Mrs. Theodore Kapnek is vice chairman of the committee for the gala.
Mrs. Robert O. Spurdle is chairman of the committee, which includes Mrs. James A. Moody, Mrs. Frank C. Wilkinson, Mrs. Ethel Coles, Mrs. Harold G. Lacy, Mrs. Albert W. Terry, Mrs. Henry M. Chance, 2d, Mrs. Robert O. Spurdle, Jr., Mrs. Harcourt N. Trimble, Jr., Mrs. John A. Moller, Mrs. Robert Zeising, Mrs. William G. Kilhour, Mrs. Hughes Cauffman, Mrs. John L. Baringer and Mrs. Clyde Newman.
They all are of Wayne.
It originated with the Wissahickon Section.
Mr. and Mrs. Major Morris and their son-in-law and daughter, Mr. and Mrs. Thomas Glennon, and their children will spend several days in Brigantine, N. J.
Mrs. William H. Merner, of Drexel Park, entertained at a luncheon at her home on Wednesday.
Debutante Miss Lady Helen Hardy will be feted at luncheon this Tuesday at which the hostess will be Mrs. Edwin Socola of Waveland, Miss.
Mrs. Peter Feringa Jr., last year's Achaeans'queen, chose an eggshell white filmy lace short dress made with a wide decolletage trimmed with an edging of tulle.
2
In another attack, Samuel Verstandig, 41, proprietor of a food store in the 2100 block Aiken Street, told police two Negroes assaulted him in his store and stole $150 from the cash register after choking and beating him.
Annapolis, Jan. 7
It was about that time, a board member said later, that Dr. Thomas G. Pullen, Jr., State superintendent of schools, told Dr. Jenkins and a number of other education officials that he would not talk to them with a recording machine sitting in front of him.
The vice president of the City Council complained yesterday that there are "deficiencies" in the city's snow clearing program which should be corrected as soon as possible.
Work resumed Wednesday, he said.
The Circuit Court jurist said the boy will have a hearing in Juvenile Court.
Annapolis, Jan. 7
Maryland contracts for future construction during October totaled $77,389,000, up to 10 per cent compared to October, 1960, F. W. Dodge, Dodge Corporation, reported.
Residential building consists of houses, apartments, hotels, dormitories and other buildings designed for shelter.
Various of the apartments are of the terrace type, being on the ground floor so that entrance is direct.
Its power unit, however, was derived from the reactor of the more modern American nuclear submarine Skipjack.
(In Washington, the Federal Bureau of Investigation identified the Krogers as Morris and Lola Cohen, an American couple formerly of New York City)
Fourteen years is the maximum penalty now faced by the new five, who may have altered history in the 1960s.
The information, he said, would have been of the highest value to a potential enemy.
Navy's future involved
It could, reputedly, go 70,000 miles without refueling and stay down more than a month.
The three -- Miles J. Cooperman, Sheldon Teller, and Richard Austin -- and eight other defendants are charged in six indictments with conspiracy to violate federal narcotic laws.
Attorneys for the eight other defendants said only that there was no proof of their clients'guilt.
As he left the bus with his money bag, Robinson added, the largest youth accosted him, a quarrel ensued, and the youth knocked him down.
At Jenks Street, Simms said, the car skidded completely around, just missed two parked cars, and sped east in Jenks.
When the verdict came in against his young neighbor, Hengesbach said:
Assistant Prosecutor Fred Lewis, who tried both the Hengesbach and Pohl cases, said he did not know what would be done about two arson charges pending against Pohl.
The verdict came three hours later.
Held candle
Neighbor women, such as Mrs. Sidney Baker, 2269 Serra, Sterling Township, have been supplying the family with meals and handling household chores with Kowalski's sister-in-law, Mrs. Anna Kowalski, 22111 David, East Detroit.
"Furhmann's faculty is proud that this has been a spontaneous effort, started largely among the students themselves, because of fondness for Vicky and sympathy for her entire family, Pohly said.
Kimmell said he and Ralph were helping children across Belvidere at Kercheval Monday afternoon when a car heading north on Belvidere stopped belatedly inside the pedestrian crosswalk.
Britain announced that it is asking the Soviet Union to agree tomorrow to an immediate cease-fire.
One of the first moves made after a cabinet decision was to request the United States to establish a full-fledged military assistance group instead of the current civilian body.
The executions took place at dawn only a few hours after Havana radio announced their conviction by a revolutionary tribunal at Pinar Del Rio, where the executions took place.
More than 1,000 were said to have been arrested -- 100 of them Roman Catholic priests.
An Emory spokesman indicated, however, that the university itself did not intend to make any test of the laws.
"There is not now, nor has there ever been in Emory University's charter or by-laws any requirement that students be admitted or rejected on the basis of race, color or creed.
The demands were set forth in letters to seven owners of first-run theaters by the Committee on Appeal for Human Rights.
Student leaders began sporadic efforts to negotiate theater integration several months ago.
Mr. Kililngsworth was a foreman with S and W Cafeteria.
Survivors include his sister, Mrs. Emma B. Odom of Atlanta.
Thomas early Sunday went to the home of his uncle and aunt, Mr. and Mrs. R. C. Thomas, 511 Blanche St., NW, looking for his wife, Margaret Lou Thomas, 18, and their 11-month-old baby.
Thomas was charged with four counts of assault and battery.
The department is planning to expand its eradication program soon to four additional counties -- Troup, Pierce, Bryan and Bulloch -- to treat 132,000 acres infested by the ants, according to W. E. Blasingame state entomologist.
Incidentally, 14th Street and the Expressway is the high accident intersection during daylight hours.
Salem (special)
Field does the planning for the machine operations and fiscal processes and the adapting of the data processing system to new programs as they are made necessary by legislative and policy changes.
"My feeling at the moment", he said, "is that we have no alternative, irrespective of some of the arguments about him.
Mrs. Lavaughn Huntley is accused of driving the getaway car used in a robbery of the Woodyard Bros.'Grocery, 2825 E. Burnside St., in April of 1959.
He owned a logging equipment business here from 1923 to 1928, and later became Northwest district manager for Macwhyte Co.
These included Oregon State Fair, for which he had been booked on and off, for 30 years.
Survivors are his widow, Tearle;
The award is the first such honor in the 11-year history of JA activities in Portland, according to Ralph Scolatti, local executive director for Junior Achievement.
His company, Spice-Nice, will receive a $250 award, which will be distributed among the 16 charter members.
Hillsboro (special)
Joan Zurcher of Hillsboro, Phyllis Jossy of North Plains, Jane Cox of North Plains.
Carol Strong, 13, of Cedar Mill cooked the championship junior dollar dinner.
John Pezza, 69, of 734 Hartford Avenue, Providence, complained of shoulder pains after an accident in which a car he was driving collided with a car driven by Antonio Giorgio, 25, of 12 DeSoto St., Providence, on Greenville Avenue and Cherry Hill Road in Johnston yesterday.
four rings, a watch and a set of pearl earrings.
F. Morris Cochran, university vice president and business manager, said the house has been bought to provide rental housing for faculty families, particularly for those here for a limited time.
One house was without power for about half an hour, a Narragansett Electric Co. spokesman said.
Saul Hodosh represented the owners.
Mr. Parrillo was given first aid at Johnston Hose 1.
Mr. Sorrentino will be honored on the evening of Dec. 7 at a dinner to be given by the Aurora Club at the Sheraton-Biltmore Hotel.
The bus was burned outside Anniston.
The judge replaced the juror with an alternate.
Dr. Hester, also one of the youngest men ever to head a major American university, succeeds Dr. Carroll V. Newsom who resigned last September to join Prentice-Hall Inc. publishing firm.
"The news of their experiments reaches the farmers who, forgetting that birds are the most efficient natural enemies of insects and rodents, are encouraged to try to get rid of all birds that occasionally peck their grapes or their blueberries", Buchheister told the delegates.
The World War 2, German bomber rolled down a runway and took off.
The target was Allied shipping -- a desperate effort to stave off the Allied invasion of Europe.
He managed to maneuver the missile to a landing speed of 200 m.p.h. -- fast even for a modern jet plane touchdown -- and banked into the airfield.
Other officers are Angelo J. Scampini, vice president, Joseph V. Arata, treasurer, and Fred J. Casassa, secretary.
otherwise no peace is possible.
Connection is sought
Stein's fee, Lee said, was 10 per cent of the janitors'pay.
The reading, which has been watched with interest since Russia's detonation of a super bomb Monday, was 4 on Tuesday and 7 last Saturday, a level far below the danger point, according to the board of health.
Charge lists 3 checks
Probably the hottest thing that has hit the Dallas investment community in years was the Morton Foods stock issue, which was sold to the public during the past week.
And from that the stock moved right on up until it was trading Thursday morning at around $22 a share.
"I feel confident the stock will qualify for the'national list'", he said, meaning its market price would be quoted regularly in newspapers all over the country.
The potato chip industry these days is growing, not only as a result of population increase and public acceptance of convenience foods, but also because of a combination of circumstances that has led to growth by merger.
The exhibition of cotton ginning machinery at the State Fair grounds is valued at more than a million dollars.
Factories are located here and in Prattville, Ala.
Factory operations are in Columbus, Ga.
The Hinckley Gin Supply Co. is a maker of "overhead equipment".
Cotton processing equipment is a sizable segment of Dallas business economy.
Only three standard models -- Buick, Chrysler, and Mercury -- had slight year-to-year gains in March sales in the county.
Patricia Ann Neal, Johnny Carruthers, and David McLauchlin of Rylie of Seagoville;
He urged support for President Kennedy's requests for both defense and foreign aid appropriations.
The unsatisfactory 1958-60 expansion, he said, was not due to inadequate growth forces inherent in our economy but rather to the adverse effect of inappropriate economic policies combined with retrenching decisions resulting from the steel strike.
-- Stock market Tuesday staged a technical recovery, erasing all of Monday's losses in the Associated Press average and making the largest gain in about two weeks.
Trading was comparatively dull throughout the day.
He cited, as an example, how the American camera industry has been able to meet successfully the competition of Japan despite lower Japanese labor costs, by improving its production know-how and technology.
$70 by 1971;
-- I bought 50 shares of Diversified Growth Stock Fund on Oct. 23, 1959, and 50 more shares of the same mutual fund on Feb. 8, 1960.
And letters began to come in to this column from irate shareholders.
-- Alfred Hayes, president of the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, said Tuesday "there is no present need for far-reaching reforms" which would basically alter the international financial system.
C & O president Walter J. Tuohy was summoned back for cross-examination by New York Central attorneys before examiner John Bradford who is hearing the complex case.
This was the chief reason for a so-so sales outlook given by two-thirds of 56 builders polled by the National Housing Center.
Leaders of industry
Fields of corn and some other crops in many cases are so dense that older equipment cannot handle them efficiently.
The demand for farm machinery is regarded as a yardstick of rural buying generally.
With dealer stocks of new equipment averaging about 25% below a year ago, the affects of the rural recovery are being felt almost immediately by the country's farm equipment manufacturers.
The Government also is aiding farmers'income prospects.
The High Court held that the company must apply its percentage allowance to the value of the raw materials removed from the ground, not to the revenue from finished products.
A realty corporation in Louisiana owed no tax, under Federal law, on its gain from the sale of property disposed of in line with a plan of liquidation.
The owner of a public relations firm owed no income tax on payments he received from a client company and "kicked back" to the company's advertising manager, the Tax Court ruled.
In that event, they note, the Revenue Service might declare the pension plan is discriminatory and deny it tax privileges under the law.
The Commerce Department said seasonally adjusted sales of retail stores dropped to slightly under $18 billion in April, down 1% from the March level of more than $18.2 billion.
Sydney Wragge, creator of sophisticated casuals for women and Roger Vivier, designer of Christian Dior shoes Paris, France, whose squared toes and lowered heels have revolutionized the shoe industry.
Irene suits rate high because they are designed for her long-bodied silhouette.
Her acting began with the Birmingham Repertory Company and she soon became the toast of the West End.
She now serves on the board of directors of the Dallas Symphony Orchestra and the Dallas Theater Center and on the board of trustees of the Dallas Museum of Fine Arts.
He also dishes up 3,000 snacks.
"Pretty much hamburger, hotdogs, steak and, at night, maybe pizza", says the handsome food expert.
Place side by side in a 2-inch deep baking pan.
That is the goal of two new collections being introduced in Dallas this month.
An interesting approach to the bedroom is presented, with a young, basic, functional group of chests, dressers and corner units and a canted headboard.
Mellow bronzy-green-gold fabrics and the gleam of copper and hand-crafted ceramic accessories reiterate the mood as does the Alexander Smith carpet in all wool loop pile.
Decorating the ballroom will be the yellow rose of Texas, in tall bushes;
Serving on the club's board are Mmes R. P. Anderson, president;
She lives in Wellsville, Mo.
Fall foliage and flowers will decorate Los Angeles Country Club for the annual formal party Saturday evening.
A heart attack when she was barely 20 put an end to the 10-hour daily practicing.
Getting to and from school was no problem.
I suggested.
Sometimes I got on the wrong car and didn't get to school at all, but wound up at the ocean, or some other dismal place, and had to spend the day there.
The solution, naturally, is the bus.
Last two to be added before the book went to press were the marriages of Meredith Jane Cooper, daughter of the Grant B. Coopers, to Robert Knox Worrell, and of Mary Alice Ghormley to Willard Pen Tudor.
Changes in address are noted.
the Geddes MacGregors, formerly of Scotland, and Mr. and Mrs. Werner H. Althaus, formerly of Switzerland.
If the puppets are of uniform size, you can change them in accord with your child's whims.
Solid investment
elsewhere
Al has added some sidemen to the act which makes for a smoother operation but it's substantially the same format heard last spring.
Spot retains the same decor although crystal chandeliers have been installed above the terrace dining area, and the kitchen has undergone a remodeling job.
Mackey Airline's new Sunshine Inn at Bimini set to open some time this month, according to Hank Johnson.
Billy and Jean Moffett at the Rickshaw.
The series of ballets is sponsored by the Milenoff Ballet Foundation, Inc., a non-profit foundation with headquarters in Coral Gables.
Other workshops will be in Tallahassee Oct. 5;
At that time the second half of the Christian Youth Crusade against Communism will be staged.
and talks on how their Christian faith can guide them in learning about and fighting Communism during high school and college days, by Ted Place, director of Greater Miami Youth for Christ, and Jon Braun, director of Campus Crusade for Christ.
They have five daughters -- Coral Lee, 5, Glenda Rae, 4, Pamela, 3, Karen, 2, and Shari, five months.
To start the week of special programs at the church, the Rev. John D. Henderson will preach on "A Successful Marriage" at 9:40 and 11 a.m. Sunday.
Guest performers and conductors during the coming season will include many renowned artists who began their careers playing with the orchestra, including violinists Yehudi Menuhin, Isaac Stern, Ruggiero Ricci and David Abel;
The reasons for this enchantment are numerous, but most of them end in "ova", "eva", or "aya".
Hit
Sustaining members may sign up at $25 for the ten-concert season;
Requests must be mailed in by December 5.
After television, "La Dolce Vita" seems as harmless as a Gray Line tour of North Beach at night.
Producer Fellini should have looked at some of the old silent films where they really had parties!
"This is a long picture and a controversial one, but basically it is a moral, enthralling and heartbreaking description of humans who have become unlinked from life as perhaps Rome has from her traditional political, cultural and religious glories".
It is a British bomb.
Gas station people are very debonair about small cars.
The man stuck the nozzle in the gas tank.
"That will be $1.80", said the gas station man.
The American Institute of Decorators has acquired a rare complete set of sofas and chairs which are to be placed in the Executive Mansion's library.
It will be painted to match the paneling in the room.
As he approached the open bandstand, erected facing the South entrance to the Executive Mansion, the band struck up the "Star Spangled Banner" and followed it with "Hail To The Chief".
Each of the children invited to the concert wore a name tag marked with a red, white and blue ribbon.
"I've been here so many times I couldn't count them".
I'm sure you've heard of him and his record,'The Confederacy'".
The ceremony ended with the laying of a wreath at the crypt of Pike in the House of the Temple.
She accused him of ignoring her.
The interviews have led each of them to a new appreciation of the problems confronting the other.
Family Service could not open its doors to a single family without the financial support of the United Givers Fund.
President Kennedy will meet with Soviet Premier Nikita S. Khrushchev in Vienna June 3 and 4.
The spirit served chiefly to lull the West while Moscow made inroads into the Middle East.
The President had set for himself the task, which he believed vital, of awakening the U. S. and its allies to the hard and complex effort necessary to shift that balance.
Both elements -- the caution about a meeting, the willingness eventually to hold one -- were reflected in a letter from the President which Ambassador Llewellyn E. Thompson brought back to Russia late in February.
Mr. Kennedy was less troubled by that possibility than by the belief that a Geneva breakdown, or even continued stalemate, would mean an unchecked spread of nuclear weapons to other countries as well as a fatal blow to any hope for disarmament.
U. S. willingness to accept a neutral Laos may have led Premier Khrushchev to believe that other areas could be "neutralized" on Soviet terms.
Firm arrangements for the meeting in Vienna were worked out in a final exchange between Moscow and Washington last week.
But those who were in favor of the meeting felt that a frank exchange between the two men and an opportunity to size one another up would prove salutary.
There is no single issue that has aroused stronger feelings throughout the world.
There can be no doubt that the American Catholic accomplishment in the field of higher education is most impressive: our European brethren never cease to marvel at the number and the size of our colleges and universities.
Diocesan authorities generally have not regarded this as their direct responsibility.
Had it not been for such private enterprise, diocesan authorities might of course have been goaded into establishing institutions subsidized by diocesan funds and parish collections and staffed by religious as paid employees.
At the earlier "pre-academic excellence" stage of Catholic education, the operation could be conducted on an intra-mural community basis.
But in any case, one does not have to read very closely between the lines to realize that the situation is not regarded as a particularly happy one.
When a man invests a block of his years at a university without gaining the coveted promotion, not only is he faced with the problem of starting over but there is also a certain depreciation in the market value of his services.
The second reason for being concerned with the dichotomy between faculty members who are part of the "in-group" that owns and operates the institution and those who are merely paid employees, is, therefore, the baneful effect on the caliber of the teaching itself.
Sen. John L. McClellan of Arkansas and Rep. David Martin of Nebraska are again beating the drums to place the unions under the anti-monopoly laws.
Rep. Frank Kowalski of Connecticut has brought this problem to the attention of the Armed Services Committee.
The industry is so structured that price-setting by a multi-product company will vary with the way overhead charges are allocated -- whether marginal or average pricing is applied.
In other words, the anti-trust laws, designed to reduce prices to the consumer on Monday, Wednesday and Friday, become a tool to protect the marginal manufacturer on Tuesday, Thursday and Saturday.
This escape from control has led to management's evaluating the risk of occasional irrational prosecution as worth while.
The acceptance of collective bargaining as a national policy in 1934, implicit in the writing of Section 7A of the National Industrial Recovery Act, has made it impolitic to oppose collective bargaining in principle.
Eighteenth-century England, upon whose customs our common law was built, had outlawed unions as monopolies and conspiracies.
Paradoxically, the same week in which Senator McClellan was attempting to extend the anti-trust act to labor in transportation, the Civil Aeronautics Board was assuring the airlines that if they met in concert to eliminate many costly features of air travel, the action would not be deemed a violation of the anti-trust act.
Labor remained a commodity -- but presumably a privileged one granted immunization from the anti-trust laws.
What Herter presented, said Gore, was "not a very encouraging review".
He thus kept his hands free for any action after Jan. 20, although reaction to the break was generally favorable in the U.S. and Latin America (see the hemisphere).
"It would be like fighting the French and Indian War all over again", said one military man.
The Congress
A dour, gangling man with a choppy gait, Colmer looks younger than his 70 years, has gradually swung from a moderate, internationalist position to that of a diehard conservative.
Said he: "We will see whether whites and Negroes are treated the same around here".
Sitting quietly on an equally big pork barrel was another Judge Smith ally, Georgia's Carl Vinson, chairman of the Armed Services Committee.
"Here are two old men, mad at each other and too proud to pick up the phone", said a House Democratic leader.
Privately, they also admitted that their hopes for Clint Anderson's three-fifths modification depended on none other than Republican Richard Nixon.
"This is the first time in 100 years that a candidate for the presidency announced the result of an election in which he was defeated", he said.
After a journey through woods and stream he double-bogeyed the 13th.
He did seem hasty on his second and third shots, but then there was an agonizing wait of several minutes while Coe graciously putted out, giving Palmer a chance to recover his composure, which he had quite visibly lost.
Half an hour after he finished his round, Player holed out at the 18th green with a 69 and a three-round total of 206, four strokes ahead of Palmer.
But whichever of these two finished ahead of the other would be the undisputed financial leader of the tour.
But Player was only one stroke back, with a 69.
As Player began his second round in a twosome with amateur Bill Hyndman, his share of the gallery was not conspicuously large for a contender.
It is almost axiomatic that golfers who dominate the game of golf for any period of time attack their shots with a vehemence bordering on violence.
But Player's real test came on the ninth hole, a downhill dogleg to the left measuring 420 yards.
Palmer, meanwhile, had been having his troubles.
This is the year home runs ranged from the sublime to the ridiculous.
Since 1927, fewer than a dozen men have made serious runs at Babe Ruth's record and each, in turn, has been thwarted.
This is the great edge the two Yankees have going for them.
Neither Mantle nor Maris, understandably, will predict 60 home runs for himself.
Mantle, Maris, and Cerv probably share one major-league record already: Among them, they have fifteen children -- eight for Cerv, four for Mantle, and three for Maris.
Light reading:
But last week, when a reporter was standing near Mantle's locker, Mickey walked up and volunteered an anecdote.
Benched at Tulsa in 1955, he told manager Dutch Meyer: "I can't play for you.
Idols'idols:
But DiMaggio never said a word.
Each is a complete ballplayer.
Both have brilliant speed: Mantle was timed from home plate (batting left-handed) to first base in 3.1 seconds, faster than any other major leaguer;
Something was needed to revive interest;
Said Leatherneck Shoup: "A year ago I took the grips of the plow in my hands.
The most famous undergraduate of South Philadelphia High School is a current bobby-sox idol, Dreamboat Cacophonist Fabian (real name: Fabian Forte), 17, and last week it developed that he will remain an undergraduate for a while.
I'm ruddy lazy, and I'm getting on in years.
On display were 343 first-class paintings and sculptures from his fabled collection -- and every single one of them was up for sale.
All these he hung in his burglarproof home called Stone's Throw, outside Pittsburgh, and only people he liked and trusted ever got to see them.
Thompson himself said: "I want to enjoy once more the pleasure of bare walls waiting for new pictures".
Charlayne studied journalism at Detroit's Wayne State University.
The real reason for his rejection, they argued, is the fact that Georgia law automatically cuts off funds for any desegregated school.
Last week Chicago happily found its top scholar in Caltech's acting dean of the faculty: dynamic Geneticist George Wells Beadle, 57, who shared the 1958 Nobel Prize in medicine and physiology for discovering how genes affect heredity by controlling cell chemistry (Time, Cover, July 14, 1958).
The man was King Leopold 2, of the Belgians, who in 1885 concluded that he had better grab a colony while the grabbing was still good.
To make one nation out of these disparities would be a problem large enough in any case;
The beneficiaries of this administration were a number of huge cartels in which both individuals and the Belgian government itself held stock.
The Belgians also placed great emphasis on education.
In one large oversimplification, it might be said that the Belgians felt, far too late, the gale of nationalism sweeping Africa.
As the time for independence approached there were in the Congo no fewer than 120 political parties, or approximately eight for each university graduate.
The Belgian Congo was granted its independence with what seemed a workable Western-style form of government: there were to be a president and a premier, and a bicameral legislature elected by universal suffrage in the provinces.
each succeeding day brought new acts of violence.
The wildly erratic nature of Patrice Lumumba caused constant problems -- he frequently announced that he wanted the U.N. to get out of the Congo along with the Belgians, and appealed to Russia for help.
The Belgians -- at least officially -- departed from the Congo as well, withdrawing all of their uniformed troops.
urged the reconvention of the Congolese Parliament and the reorganization of the army.
and one U.S. official said: "The key question now is which side picks up the phone first".
in effect, he was practicing what he preached in his Berlin message two weeks ago when he declared: "We shall always be prepared to discuss international problems with any and all nations that are willing to talk, and listen, with reason".
"The kid had a automatic, like they issue in the Army", he said.
they would have to refuel at El Paso.
Everybody else was allowed to file off the plane after it touched down at El Paso at 4:18 a.m.
From the luggage, they learned that the two air pirates, far from being Cubans, were native Americans, subsequently identified as Leon Bearden, 50-year-old ex-convict from Coolidge, Ariz., and his son, Cody, 16, a high-school junior.
Ambulances, baggage trucks, and cars surrounded it.
Simmons and Crosby jumped the boy and it was all over".
(The Senate, on its own, decided to provide additional B-52 and other long-range bombers for the Strategic Air Command.
As a result, ever since 1851 when the Senate restaurant opened in the new wing of the Capitol Building, the senators have never ceased to grumble about the food -- even while they opposed every move that might improve it.
Traffic on nearly all the turnpikes has been growing.
You find the evidence of that in the chart on this page.
Nearly all the turnpikes show gains in net revenues during the period.
Operating revenues were off in the first three months of 1961, but up for the 12 months ending in March.
In the first two months of 1961, earnings of the Illinois highway available for interest payments were up 55 per cent from early 1960.
Further improvements in earnings of the Kansas Turnpike are expected late in 1961, with the opening of a new bypass at Wichita, and still later when the turnpike gets downtown connections in both Kansas City, Kans., and Kansas City, Mo.
Already, however, several of the turnpikes are earning enough to cover interest requirements by comfortable margins.
"Three, labor troubles are infrequent.
The inflow of foreign capital would help the U.S. balance of payments.
If they have trouble exporting, international bill for their support will grow larger than it otherwise would.
Gradual, controlled expansion of the world's textile trade is what President Kennedy wants.
But the Kennedy Administration doesn't favor import quotas.
Welsh coal miners, Communist-led, are up in arms at the suggestion that the steel company bring in American coal.
A startlingly high percentage do not exceed $500 annually, which includes the librarian's salary, and not even the New York Public has enough money to meet its needs -- this in the world's richest city.
Under this law annual grants are given to systems in substantial amounts.
The collection may be in an existing library, or it may be built up in a central collection.
On microfilm, headquarters also has a file of the New York Times from its founding in 1851 to the present day, as well as bound volumes of important periodicals.
while Hewlett-Woodmere is the repository of art, music, and foreign languages.
This catalogue lists separately films suitable for children, young adults, or adults, although some classics cut across age groups, such as "Nanook Of The North", "The Emperor's Nightingale", and "The Red Balloon".
it maintains a central exhibit collection to share displays already created and used;
Education must not be limited to our youth but must be a continuing process through our entire lives, for it is only through knowledge that we, as a nation, can cope with the dangers that threaten our society.
There are, for example, approximately 25,000,000 people in this country with no public library service and about 50,000,000 with inadequate service.
The final decision went to the executive but a way has been opened for strengthening budgeting procedures and to provide legislators information they need.
We congratulate the entire membership on its record of good legislation.
And the league takes a stand, with great regularity, on the side of right.
that theory was and is sound.
That such expansion can be obtained without a raise in taxes is due to growth of the tax digest and sound fiscal planning on the part of the board of commissioners, headed by Chairman Charles O. Emmerich who is demonstrating that the public trust he was given was well placed, and other county officials.
Georgia's mental health program received a badly needed boost from the General Assembly in the form of a $1,750,000 budget increase for the Milledgeville State Hospital.
Kansas, regarded as tops in the nation in its treatment of the mentally ill, spends $9 per day per patient.
Trujillo knew a great deal about assassination.
Until the last year or so the profession of friendship with the United States had been an article of faith with Trujillo, and altogether too often this profession was accepted here as evidence of his good character.
The Dominican Republic could turn toward Communist-type authoritarianism as easily as toward Western freedom.
The inference has been too widely accepted that because the Communists have succeeded in building barricades across Berlin the free world must acquiesce in dismemberment of that living city.
The British and other replies to that Moscow note pointed out efforts of the Communist authorities "to integrate East Berlin into East Germany by isolating it from the outside and attempting to make it the capital of East Germany".
A horizon even and seamless, binding the vast sun-bleached dome of sky to earth.
A Philadelphia distiller is currently breaching the customary prohibition against hard-liquor advertising on TV and radio.
A law is needed.
Mayor Wagner's shortcomings have perhaps been more mercilessly exposed than those of Mr. Levitt who left an impression of quiet competence in his more protected state post.
President Kennedy, already two quiet demands down, still refused Thursday to be drawn into delivering a public ultimatum to Moscow.
But because of the peculiar nature of the military situation in Laos, the Soviet leader must be tempted to let things ride -- a course that would appear to cost him little on the spot, but would bog Washington in a tactical mess.
But since last fall the United States has been moving toward a pro-neutralist position and now is ready to back the British plan for a cease-fire patrolled by outside observers and followed by a conference of interested powers.
The funds would be used for equipment, not for land, buildings, or operation.
The House was his habitat and there he flourished, first as a young representative, then as a forceful committee chairman, and finally in the post for which he seemed intended from birth, Speaker of the House, and second most powerful man in Washington.
When it was not, one of the great dramas of Washington would be presented.
And it was the House he loved.
With Republican presidents, he fought fair.
Does this suggest that the Congo is fit for nationhood or that UN is making any progress whatever toward its goal of so making it?
Further, it has its work cut out stopping anarchy where it is now garrisoned.
Our comment was that this was "featherbedding" in its ultimate form and that sympathy for the railroad was misplaced since it had entered into such an agreement.
Peace, it's wonderful, and "world law", it's wonderful, too, and shouldn't we get an international covenant extending it into space, before the Russians put some claim jumper on the moon?
The contents were highly embarrassing to American spokesmen, who were on hand to promise Latin Americans a 20 billion dollar foreign aid millennium.
A shock wave from Africa
Whether this, or overt action, was the cause of the crash must be promptly determined.
If the manner of his passing moves the nations to act in the spirit of his dedication the sore issues that plague the world can yet be resolved with reason and justice.
Then Goodbody will hand over a minimum of $15.5 million for developing the spacious Graves Tract to house the center.
Interama, as it rises, will be a living monument to Greater Miami's ability to get together on worthwhile enterprises.
The progress reported by the advisory committee is real.
Moon-faced Ludwig Erhart, the economic expert, probably will ascend to the leadership long denied him.
Regardless of the decision two facts are clear.
Does it assail schools and churches with blanket accusations?
Do its spokesmen seem more interested in the amount of money they collect than in the principles they purport to advocate?
In the fairly brief but hectic history of Florida, the developers of waterfront land have too often wound up with both their land and ours.
The full implementation of these noble words, however, has taken the efforts of five sessions of the Legislature.
None of the Trujillo family remains.
Matter of survival
But the jurisdictional disputes that result from the craft-industrial rivalry do not win friends for labor.
And thus far, Mr. Freeman has offered very little relief.
President Kennedy has indicated his dissatisfaction with its performance.
But now apparently the job of Secretary of Labor requires that he be willing to risk his reputation as a prognosticator of unemployment trends.
Little resistance
And now Mr. Hodges has pioneered further into the economic unknown with the announcement that he thinks business has stopped sliding and that it should start going upward from this point.
Well, we can't have everything.
But there is hope, for Conservation Commissioner Bontempo has tagged the sanctuary as the kind of place the state hopes to include in its program to double its park space.
And the pay, of course, will be nil.
Another would be to take the advice of Dr. Elmer Ellis, president of the University of Missouri, and provide for an impartial professional analysis of Missouri's economy.
More industrial acreage lies vacant in St. Clair county than in any other jurisdiction in the St. Louis area.
Take, for example, the reformers among New York City's Democrats.
The Faget case
His official term expired last summer.
Nowhere did the speaker recognize the serious purpose of the Corps or its welcome reception abroad.
This is a matter of respect for the Presidency.
Competition from other steamship lines has cut Cunard's share of sea passengers from one-third to one-fourth and this year the line showed a marked drop of profits on the Atlantic run.
South Viet Nam's rice surplus for next year -- more than 300,000 tons -- may have been destroyed.
Gov. John M. Dalton, himself a lawyer and a man of long service in government, spoke with rich background and experience when he said in an address here that lawyers ought to quit sitting in the Missouri General Assembly, or quit accepting fees from individuals and corporations who have controversies with or axes to grind with the government and who are retained, not because of their legal talents, but because of their government influence.
What they have objected to is the attempt of the Russians to make use of the tragedy of Dag Hammarskjold's death to turn the entire U.N. staff from the Secretary down into political agents of the respective countries from which they come.
The new City Charter, which should get a Yes vote as Question No. 1 on Nov. 7, would not make a good Mayor out of a bad one.
his broad but little used investigative powers are confirmed.
This will have a beneficial effect by expediting public business;
In such conditions all freedoms are lost.
Whether it is or not, the propaganda impact on the free world of the document scheduled to be adopted at this meeting will be far less than had been originally anticipated.
There is room for disagreement concerning some of Dr. Conant's specific views.
These warnings must not be treated lightly.
Letter writing is a dying art.
This did not happen in counties of North Georgia, where the rivers run and make rich the bottom land.
A three-man committee has recommended to Commission Chairman Charles O. Emmerich that the DeKalb County cannery be closed.
But he is in the middle, an employe of DeKalb, but on the side of the people.
a person will never have spiritual poise and inner peace as long as the heart holds a grudge.
Henry Van Dyke said, "Forgive and forget if you can;
God's mercy and patience will last forever.
With all the energy of his broken body he prayed, "Father, forgive them, for they know not what they do".
I asked, looking at her searchingly.
She was shocked.
She asked if I had other advice and, heady with success, I rushed it in, I hope not too late.
"Such a church needs vigor and vitality in its rector and one man has only so much of these endowments", he told his members.
Yet we who lean upon such a man and draw strength from him and expect interpretation of the infinite through him -- we who readily accept his sacrifice as our due, we of the congregations are the first to tell him what is in our minds instead of listening to what is in his soul.
Yet every Sunday we sinners go to that emergency room to receive first aid, and we leave unmindful that the man who ministered to us is a human being who suffers, too.
Mr. Podger sat down in it, pushed himself back and forth in one or two slow, rhythmic motions, and then swung his feet up into it.
All day long Mr. Podger, who was a straw-hat man in the summer, had worn the feather in the band of his broad-brimmed sunshield.
Taking off his hat and signaling the driver with it, Mr. Podger stepped into the road, lifted the surprised turtle and consummated its road-crossing with what must have been a breath-taking suddenness.
Then there had been the auction itself.
Mr. Podger had thanked him gravely, and now he made use of the advice.
Why are you out here all by yourself?
These programs emphasize the acceptance of biracial classrooms peacefully.
It is a "stair-step" plan, in which desegregation begins in the first grade.
So successful has been this program, worked out by white and Negro civic leaders, that further extensions are expected in the next few months.
One of the most important is economic.
Traffic in the next lane appears to be moving more smoothly so he pokes a tentative fender into Lane B, which is heavily populated by cars also moving at 70 m.p.h.
In Chicago, the driver cut out would likely jam his gas pedal to the floor in an effort to force the other car back.
This happened to be vice versa, but even so, the answer was a masterpiece.
You'd never guess it from the way they've played so far this spring, but there remains a feeling among some around here that the Orioles still have a chance to battle for the pennant in 1961.
If they do as well as they did in 1960 there can be no complaint.
Gentile can hardly do better than drive in 98 runs.
The man is right, and at this time, indications are that these three are ready for better seasons.
He was down, hard to talk to, and far too nonchalant on the field.
He tends to treat himself and other people as if they were objects -- and sometimes he treats objects as if they were people.
Since little is known about autism, and almost nothing has been written for the layman, we'd like to share one experienced mother's comments.
This is that autistic people don't enjoy physical contact with others -- for instance, my children and I.
The answer is different for each autistic child, but for most there is an answer.
How do they turn out later"?
Is a relaxed home atmosphere enough to help her outgrow these traits?
One such, in fact, is a rug.
These have never gone out of style in Scandinavian homes and now seem to be reappearing here and there in shops which specialize in handicrafts.
-- Blueprints for doubling the CDC's present 55,000 enrollment.
Contrarily, Republican "volunteers" go their separate ways, and thus far have given no indication that they'd be willing to join forces under a single directorate, except in the most loose-knit fashion.
Shunted aside by the rampant organizers for John F. Kennedy last year, who relegated it to a somewhat subordinate role in the Presidential campaign, the CDC plainly intends to provide the party's campaign muscle in 1962.
This is going to be a language lesson, and you can master it in a few minutes.
Moscow radio from the Literary Gazette in English to England:
TASS datelined Los Angeles, in English to Europe:
"The U.S. President has shown once again that the United States needs the fanning of the West Berlin crisis to justify the armaments race.
In Kennedy's speech are cross currents, sensible ones and senseless ones, reflecting the great struggle of opinions between the President's advisers and the political and economic forces behind them.
His advisers in the Politburo (White House) are engaged in a great struggle of opinions, so he is not always consistent.
Little more than a fine old name, valuable principally because of the Franklin tradition, the Saturday Evening Post was slow to revive.
"Billie was really beautiful"!
In case of a deadlock between prison boards and inmates, a federal arbitration board to include a "lifer" and two escapees should decide the issue.
State and federal approval of right to walk out at any time when so voted by 51 per cent of the prisoners.
"Wagon Train" is reported the No. 1 TV show.
They enlisted the help of the New Jersey congressman, who has been able to trace the letters to the national archives, where they are available on microfilm.
Kind Mr. Sam
Then in 1937 America's International Council of Religious Education authorized a new revision, in the light of expanded knowledge of ancient manuscripts and languages.
"Then cometh Jesus from Galilee to Jordan unto John, to be baptized of him.
'I need rather to be baptized by you.
for their's is the kingdom of heaven".
Discoveries recently made of old Biblical manuscripts in Hebrew and Greek and other ancient writings, some by the early church fathers, in themselves called for a restudy of the Bible.
Many styles have perforations and an almost weightlessness achieved via unlined leathers.
Don't overlook the straws this year.
Designed for summer comfort are the shoes illustrated.
The brushes can be cleaned and sterilized by boiling and are detachable so that every member of the family can have his own.
But for many of us, it will prove an enjoyable luxury.
writes: Do steam baths have any health value?
writes: Does a brace help in sciatica?
The latter is likely to occur when the thyroid is removed.
Hugh Downs is heard interviewing Wright, for an added prestige fillip.
A catalogue is available on request.
But the one that upset the financially wise was the professional dancer who related in a book how he parlayed his earnings into a $2,000,000 profit on the stock market.
But explanations leave him confused and unmoved.
It won't develop until he has words with which to clothe it.
During this precarious period of development the mother should continue to influence the growth of the child's conscience.
This is the period during the melancholy days of autumn when universities and colleges schedule what they call "Homecoming Day".
His dream goes.
After all, when one has asked whatever became of old Joe and Charlie when one has inquired who it was Sue Brown married and where it is they now live when questions are asked and answered about families and children, and old professors when the game and its probable outcome has been exhausted that does it.
A team feels something.
the desperate agony of goal-line stands.
Yet, in 1960 all eight gave majorities to Mr. Kennedy.
This error was compounded by declaring the recession to be "a statistical one", and not a reality.
Farmers called their mule-drawn pickup trucks "Hoover carts".
After the Griffin-Byrd political troup has completed the circuit in November in the name of a Pre-Legislative Forum, this is going to be the most politically oriented Legislature in history.
The Georgia State Chamber of Commerce tried to guard against the danger of eliminating potential candidates.
If either one ever started making promises, there is no telling where the promises would end.
But the Legislature should be granted the opportunity to complete its work before choosing up sides for the race.
Your suggested solution, it seems to me, is grossly oversimplified and is inconsistent with your generally realistic attitude toward, and endorsement of, sound planning.
With our current $3 per hundred tax rate, it is safe to assume that this will qualify when you suggest a community should "try to develop a modest industrial plant" as the best way to meet these problems.
Where then is the sound planning and cooperation between agencies within the community that you have called for in other editorials?
The East Greenwich Free Library receives financial support from the town of East Greenwich and the City of Warwick to supplement its endowment.
These programs are volumes of waste paper and lost hours if the citizens of a community must stand aside while land developers tell them when, where, and in what manner the community shall grow.
It is through them that we have become aware of the divine humanity in man, and therefore, that most people are noble, helpful and good.
I do not think that America is like Russia, not in the least!
Had they not gotten me to the hospital when they did, perhaps I would not be here to commend them at this time.
But I don't believe we should close the door on non-service-connected patients.
The American public must be presented with the facts concerning VA hospitalization.
yet they supported the Eisenhower administration which will cost a small state like ours approximately five million dollars (matched incidentally by a federal grant) to initiate.
Evansville, Ind., Aug. 5
I refer to the attire worn by the students.
-- The granting of the Jan Masaryk award August 13 to Senator Paul Douglas is a bitter example of misleading minorities.
CTA regulars already subsidize transportation for school children, policemen, and firemen.
Most women, in this age of freezers, shop for the entire week on week-ends, when prices are lower.
-- I, too, congratulate the American Legion, of which I am proud to have been a member for more than 40 years, on the recent state convention.
Chicago, Aug. 7
-- Is this, perhaps, one of the things that is wrong with our country?
The editorial concerned legislative proposals to ease the tax burden on DuPont stockholders, in connection with the United States Supreme Court ruling that DuPont must divest itself of its extensive General Motors stock holdings.
The headline is offensive, particularly in view of the total inaccuracy of the editorial.
-- A recent news story reported that Frank Sinatra and Dean Martin delayed 103 airplane passengers 10 minutes in London while they finished their drinks.
Issuing bonds for plant construction has brought new industries to certain regions.
Our only obligation for this day is to vote, free of persuasion, for the person we feel is capable in directing the public.
Escape
In the United Nations Charter, the right of self-determination is also an essential principle.
Under the proposal the members of the board of trustees of a county college will be appointed;
Sir -- Your editorial, "Housing Speedup", is certainly not the answer to our slum problems.
Praises exhibit
Recently I traveled the parkway from East Orange to Cape May and I found the most courteous group of men you will find anywhere.
In the clay are entombed millions of pollen grains and spores which came from plants growing in the region at the time.
war is the result of mistrust and lack of understanding between people.
4.
I would like to suggest that the landlords and Commissioners get together and consider liberalizing the practice of prohibiting dogs in apartments.
It is visible throughout the city, and men from Madison Ave. would jump at the chance.
For the first time in history the entire world is dominated by two large, powerful nations armed with murderous nuclear weapons that make conventional warfare of the past a nullity.
But there is nothing we can do to stop Soviet Russia from granting de facto recognition to East Germany.
If the German people favor such a settlement we should not oppose Germany following the example of Austria.
"Article 17, Section 1:
Connally amendment's repeal held step toward world order
What better affirmative step could be taken to this end than repeal of the Connally amendment -- an act which could expose the United States to no practical risk yet would put an end to our self-judging attitude toward the court, enable us to utilize it, and advance in a tangible way the cause of international law and order?
to the editor of the New York Times:
The funeral for my husband was just what I wanted and I paid a fair price, far less than I had expected to pay.
They make beautiful objects.
He should put the police back to patrolling and walking the streets at night.
We feel that The Detroit News is to be complimented upon arranging for articles on these subjects and we hope that it will continue to provide material along wholesome lines.
to the editor:
I worked on the Schuylkill Expressway and if it had not been for the big trucks carrying rock and concrete there wouldn't be an Expressway.
There are lots of jobs available for trained high school graduates, but not for the dropouts.
I repeat, two wrongs do not make a right.
Why trust Jagan?
Intelligent people will admit that bombs and rockets of destruction are frightening whether they fall on Japan, London or Pearl Harbor.
At Khrushchev's door, therefore, can be placed the primary blame but also at fault are those who permitted themselves to be intimidated.
to the editor of the Inquirer:
Widen the East River Drive at least one lane.
I wish to advocate two drastic changes in Washington Square: 1.
The Feeding of Birds is Prohibited in This square.
If any are left, presently, we may expect to see signs specifically prohibiting the feeding of them too.
We will know, and He will know, to whom it is rendered, what the birds would ask:
Disputes Stans column business scandal views
Escalation unto death
So escalation proceeds, ad infinitum or, more accurately, until the contestants begin dropping them on each other instead of on their respective proving grounds.
they will be faithful unto death.
The tide turns
The gallant half-city is dying on its feet".
A compromise will leave both sides without the glow of triumph, but it will save Berlin.
Nikita Khrushchev, however, has created yet another problem for himself.
If some future Khrushchev decided to rake up the misdeeds of his revered predecessor, would not the factory workers pass the same resolutions applauding his dispossession?
He is a Buddhist, which means that to him peace and the sanctity of human life are not only religious dogma, but a profound and unshakable Weltanschauung.
.
they are also trained with carbines, automatic weapons, pistols, rifles and other such ladies'accessories.
All false gods resemble Moloch, at least in the early phases of their careers, so it would be unreasonable to expect any form of idol-worship to become widespread without the accompaniment of human sacrifice.
To avoid suspicion of bigotry, let the hand of vengeance be stayed until the meat-wagon has picked up the twenty-five thousandth corpse;
Moreover, the salubrious effects would not be exclusively political, but at least partially, and perhaps primarily social.
so, all things considered, the highway commissioners would seem to be elected.
On October 19, after the Soviets had detonated at least 20 nuclear devices, Ambassador Stevenson warned the UN General Assembly that this country, in "self protection", might have to resume above-ground tests.
Then, to conclude on an indeterminate note: "Nevertheless, if fallout increased substantially, or remained high for a long time, it would become far more important as a potential health hazard in this country and throughout the world".
An illustration of this attitude is found in John A. McCone's letter to Dr. Thomas Lauritsen, reported in a note elsewhere in this issue of The New Republic.
Yet if Washington gets too indignant about Soviet fallout, it will have to do a lot of fast footwork if America decides it too must start pushing up the radiation count.
The first dilemma was the morality of nuclear warfare itself.
And once again, the choices are much the same.
Leaving aside the choice of unilateral cessation of tests as neither sane nor clearly moral, the question must arise as to why resumption of atmospheric tests on our part would not be a good choice.
It is perfectly conceivable that a resumption of atmospheric tests may, at some point in the future, be necessary and even justifiable.
With good reason it appeared that a new day was upon divided Christendom.
The establishment, by the Holy Father, of a permanent Secretariat for Christian Unity in 1960 was the most dramatic mark of this concern.
Certainly it isn't making the President happy, and he has been doing his apologetic best to explain how the budget got into its unbalanced condition, how he intends to economize wherever he can and how he hopes to do better next year.
Our complaint is that in many crucial areas the Kennedy programs are not too large but too small, most seriously in regard to the conventional arms build-up and in aid and welfare measures.
In the earlier sessions there was plentiful discussion on the natural law, which Dr. William V. O'Brien of Georgetown University, advanced as the basis for widely acceptable ethical judgments on foreign policy.
the pervasive influence of ideology on our political judgments needs to be recognized and taken into due account;
(He always smiles -- at least at visitors, I gather.
Any information we have here in Taiwan is at your disposal".
Skill?
It has not been extirpated by ten years of Communist depersonalization.
It is another question whether "they" -- or a single general, off in a corner of China, secure for a few (galvanizing?
but the government is left with no reserve granary, under the agricultural system it has ordained.
The imposition of yet another pressure, a strong one, from the outside, might cause it to snap.
We have been grand to Formosa itself -- lots of aid, and, most of the time, a policy of support for the offshore islands.
New self-deceiving rags are hurriedly tossed on the too-naked bones.
But in the moment of truth everyone could see that the U.S. was in reality the principal.
This prime element of the truth may be stated as follows: Under prevailing policy, the U.S. can take the initiative against the Right, but cannot take the initiative against the Left.
We can force Britain and France out of the Suez, but we cannot so much as try to force the Russian tanks back from Budapest.
Most immediately relevant to these episodes in Goa, Katanga and Ghana, as to the Suez-Hungary crisis before them, is the belief that the main theater of the world drama is the underdeveloped region of Asia, Africa and Latin America.
he and his prospective producer just read the bestseller lists.
The Hostage (closed), by Ireland's Brendan Behan.
And other defenders invariably argue that, after all, Shakespeare and Moliere were adapters too.
He: "Come with me to the Casbah".
the darbuka, a small drum with the treelike shape of a roemer glass;
The striptease is crass;
But a great many of the dancers are more or less native.
Leila (Malia Phillips), 25, is a Greenwich Village painter of Persianesque miniatures who has red hair that cascades almost to her ankles.
The show has been to Boston and Manhattan, will in time reach Pittsburgh and Minneapolis.
Even there he did not last for long.
The unabashed sexuality of so many of his paintings was not the only thing that kept the public at bay: his view of the world was one of almost unrelieved tragedy, and it was too much even for morbid-minded Vienna.
Also, elections would be more democratic;
Over all these fairly awkward problems Khrushchev was to skate rather lightly;
But one cannot escape the suspicion that all this non-stop harping on the misdeeds of the long liquidated "anti-party" group would be totally unnecessary if there were not, inside the party, some secret but genuine opposition to Khrushchev on vital doctrinal grounds, on the actual methods to be employed in the "transition to communism" and, last but not least, on foreign policy.
The big question is whether, in the name of a restored Chinese-Soviet solidarity, the Chinese will choose to persuade the Albanians to present their humble apologies to Khrushchev -- or get rid of Enver Hoxa.
And one cannot but wonder whether Marshal Malinovsky, who was blowing hot and cold, exalting peace but also almost openly considering the possibility of preventive war against the West, wasn't trying to keep the Chinese quiet.
he may break with China (which would be infernally difficult and perhaps disastrous), or he may succeed, by all kinds of dangerous concessions, in persuading China to be patient.
The maneuvers were held "in secret" after a regional seminar for the Minutemen, held in nearby Shiloh, Ill., had been broken up the previous day by deputy sheriffs, who had arrested regional leader Richard Lauchli of Collinsville, Ill., and seized four operative weapons, including a Browning machine gun, two Browning automatic rifles and an M-4 rifle.
Eleven dummy rounds were fired by Lauchli in a demonstration of rapid-fire mortar shooting.
as a result buyers, the public, must be satisfied with second-rate teachers.
Loss of initiative
In entering this union we will be surrendering most, if not all, of our economic autonomy to international bodies such as the Atlantic Institute (recently set up) or the O.E.C.D., I.M.F. and others.
But the solution to this dilemma is not the incorporation of the United States into an Atlantic Community or "economic empire", but merely what libertarians like Henry Hazlitt and Ludwig Von Mises have been arguing for years: an end to government regulations, an end to government competition in industry, and a realistic depreciation allowance for industry.
A professor and the army
In my own case, I submit that such reasonable and fair exercise is woefully lacking.
And if the foreigners fighting in the Katanga Army are mercenaries then Lafayette and Von Steuben were mercenaries too, as were also the members of the Lafayette Escadrille in the early part of World War 1, and of Chennault's Flying Tigers in the early days of World War 2.
At least in Indonesia, Khrushchev found an American proud to be at total war with Communism"!
This possibility is anything but reassuring.
2.
"The beautiful and light-hearted".
Thank you for the illustrated editorial "Confrontation".
The editorial "Confrontation" was certainly direct in its appeal to those of us living here in America.
I certainly hope this will be the impression left in the minds of readers, rather than the comment by Cleveland Amory in his first of the month column.
A reporter restricted to the competing propaganda statements of both sides in a major labor dispute, for instance, is unable to tell his readers half of what he knows about the causes of the dispute.
You have on more than one occasion praised the idea of a televised press conference and the chance it gives the people to form intelligent opinions.
I am interested to know he is getting mail from all over the country about the "abuse" he is being subjected to.
In my estimation, we definitely do;
We hoped that its practitioners and teachers might be put on some sort of reserve list and called back for refresher courses each year or so.
I was surprised and sorry to find in your issue of March 4 a long and detailed attack upon a book that had not yet been published.
Representatives of Harvard University Press, which is publishing the book this month of April, recognize and freely acknowledge that they invited such reaction by allowing Life magazine to print an excerpt from the book in advance of the book's publication date.
If so, I would lean to Sir Charles'conception of the man.
That is, when Mr. Milstein thrust straight to the core of the music, sparks flying, bow shredding, violin singing, glittering and sometimes spitting, Mr. Hendl could go along.
Sawalisch also conducts "The Flying Dutch", opening July 24.
The engagement was supposed to be all set for the big theater in McCormick Place, which Sol Hurok, ballet booker extraordinary, considers the finest house of its kind in the country -- and of course he doesn't weep at the capacity, either.
We printed it.
Queried about the impasse, Allied Arts said: "Better cancel the Kirov for the time being.
It is one of the most entertaining and irresponsible novels of the season.
And of course Larkin has just the thing they want.
The spaciousness of the Tudor cooking areas, for example, will provide needed space for the extra television sets required by modern butlers, cooks and maids.
They plan to become county people who know the proper way to terminate a fox's life on earth.
It is truly odd and ironic that the most handsome and impressive film yet made from Miguel De Cervantes'"Don Quixote" is the brilliant Russian spectacle, done in wide screen and color, which opened yesterday at the Fifty-fifth Street and Sixty-eighth Street Playhouses.
Since Russian was being spoken instead of Spanish, there is no violation of artistry or logic here.
There seems to be an unfortunate assumption that an hour of Chicago-style jazz in prime evening time, for example, could not be justified without the trimmings of a portentous documentary.
The program had been arranged to permit the establishment of a mood of intense concentration on the music.
For example, there was sheet music with the word "jazz" in the title, to illustrate how a word of uncertain origin took hold.
Her entrance in Scene 2, Act 1, brought some disconcerting applause even before she had sung a note.
Technically it was fascinating, aurally spell-binding, and dramatically quite realistic.
(The first Metropolitan Opera broadcast on Dec. 9 will introduce her as Lucia.
No reference is made to the possibility of recording other than popular music in this manner, and it would not seem to lend itself well to serious music.
Only too often, however, you have the feeling that you are sitting in a room with some of the instruments lined up on one wall to your left and others facing them on the wall to your right.
Almost every film bearing the imprimatur of Hollywood is physically authentic -- in fact, impeccably so.
Earlier this month Edward R. Murrow, director of the United States Information Agency, came to Hollywood and had dinner with more than 100 leaders of the motion picture industry.
His pianist was Donald Jenni, a faculty member at DePaul University.
They might well indicate conjugal felicity, but in musical terms that smack of Hollywood.
The Rachmaninoff Prelude No. 12, Op. 32, for instance, gave her an opportunity to exploit one of her special facilities -- the ability to produce fine deep-sounding bass tones while contrasting them simultaneously with fine silver filagree in the treble.
And the best books by generals were not necessarily the first ones written.
"The Forgotten War" his soldiers called the Burma fighting because the war in Africa and Europe enjoyed priorities in equipment and in headlines.
Before he could return to Burma, Field Marshal Slim had to rally the defeated remnants of a discouraged army and unite them with fresh recruits.
logistics and transport;
Field Marshal Slim is more impressed by the courage of Japanese soldiers than he is by the ability of their commanders.
But Mr. Bragg is a remarkably gifted conductor, and the results he has produced with his boys are generally superior.
The final group included folk songs from back home, stomped out, shouted and chanted with irresistible spirit and in cowboy costume.
Since the organization was created thirteen years ago, it is obvious that this is not the original company;
and the dances and songs from the Tatras contain a magnificent dance for the men.
John Heffernan, playing Larry Larkin, the cartoonist, carries the show in marvelous fashion.
The Newport Playhouse presents "Epitaph For George Dillon" by John Osborne and Anthony Creighton, directed by Wallace Gray.
By the end of the third act, the artist is dead but the body lingers on, a shell among other shells.
Still, his finale is put together with taste and a most sensitive projection of that pale sustenance, despair.
In brief, Berman played himself and not Bolger.
The Broadway Theater League of Rhode Island presents C. Edwin Knill's and Martin Tahse's production of "Fiorello!
Then Rudy Bond was simply grand as Ben, the distraught Republican Party district chieftain.
Martin Tahse has established quite a reputation for himself as a successful stager of touring productions.
Instead -- and not just to prove my objectivity -- I hasten to report that it's a highly amusing film which probably does a fairly accurate job of reporting on the Easter vacation shenanigans of collegians down in Fort Lauderdale, and that it seems to come to grips quite honestly with the moral problem that most commonly vexes youngsters in this age group -- that is to say, sex.
The only performance which was too soft for me was that of Yvette Mimieux, but since someone had to become the victim of despoilers, just to emphasize that such things do happen at these fracases, I suppose this was the attitude the part called for.
His letter to his daughter on the pains of growing up is surely as trenchant, forthright, and warmly understanding a piece of advice as ever a grown-up penned to a sensitive child, and with just the right tone of unpatronizing good humor.
The world might ring with the struggle, if we devoted ourselves exclusively to belaboring each other".
The primitive-eclogue quality of his drawings, akin to that of graffiti scratched on a cave wall, is equally well known.
James, he remarks in a letter to a friend, "is attempting the impossible namely, to produce upon the reader, as a painting produces upon the gazer, a number of superimposed, simultaneous impressions.
In a sense, perhaps, Thurber is indebted artistically to the surrealist painter (was it Salvador Dali?
He is at his usual best in exposing the shams and self-deceptions of political and diplomatic life in the fifties.
This is drama enough.
Dulles?
He often drew the bomb.
and the eagle, who leads the bird community when he is not too busy in Washington posing for fifty-cent pieces.
It combines qualities that are seldom found in one work: Scrupulous scholarship, a fund of personal experience, a sense of drama and characterization and a broad grasp of the era's great historical issues.
Mr. Kennan sums up his judgment of what went wrong this way:
The first of these involved the replacement of the Tsar by a liberal Provisional Government in March, 1917;
Plebian dictators
"Behind that Charlie Chaplin moustache and that truant lock of hair that always covered his forehead, behind the tirades and the sulky silences, the passionate orations and the occasional dull evasive stare, behind the prejudices, the cynicism, the total amorality of behavior, behind even the tendency to great strategic mistakes, there lay a statesman of no mean qualities: Shrewd, calculating, in many ways realistic, endowed -- like Stalin -- with considerable powers of dissimulation, capable of playing his cards very close to his chest when he so desired, yet bold and resolute in his decisions, and possessing one gift Stalin did not possess: The ability to rouse men to fever pitch of personal devotion and enthusiasm by the power of the spoken word".
This is the tale of one John Enright, an American who has accidentally killed a man in the prize ring and is now trying to forget about it in a quiet place where he may become a quiet man.
Joan Fagan, a fiery redhead who can impress you that she has a temper whether she really has one or not, plays Ellen, and sings the role very well, too.
"A Toast To The Bride", sung by Clarence Nordstrom, playing a character called Old Man Toomey, is quite simple, direct and touching.
But now the task is completed and the uncertainty resolved with the opening of the English-dialogue picture at the Music Hall yesterday.
The music sang nicely, sprinted evenly when necessary, was properly accented and balanced.
An impressive technician, Mr. Skolovsky has fine rhythm, to boot.
This was composed last year as a salute to the automobile industry.
He has the temperament and the stage presence for a rousing villain and he sang with character and strong tone.
Eileen Farrell in the title role, Mignon Dunn as La Cieca and Richard Tucker as Enzo were holdovers from earlier performances this season, and all contributed to a vigorous performance.
Early interest
Texts and translations are provided.
The Concerts -- nos. 2, 6, 9, 10 and 14 are represented -- are really closer to chamber suites than to concertos in the Italian sense.
Maitres Allemands Des 17e et 18e Siecles contains music by Pachelbel, Buxtehude, Rosenmueller and Telemann, well performed by the Ensemble Instrumental Sylvie Spycket (BAM LD 035).
Songs from China and Japan were reserved exclusively for Miss Mao, who is a native of China, and those of the British Isles were sung by Mr. Fuller, who is English by birth.
What a silly, artificial way of life, Chabrier and his librettists chuckle.
It was paired with a Darius Milhaud opera, "The Poor Sailor", set to a libretto by Jean Cocteau, a kind of Grand Guignol by the sea, a sailor returns, unrecognized, and gets done in by his wife.
Certainly not the largest afternoon audience Newport has ever had at a jazz concert and the most attentive and quiet.
Along about 4:30, just when it was getting to be about time to turn the audience over and toast them on the other side, Judy came on singing, in a short-skirted blue dress with a blue and white jacket that flapped in the wind.
They were rewarded with splendid, exciting, singing.
For subtle swinging rhythms, I could admire intensely Mulligan's version of "Weep", and the fireworks went on display in "18 Carrots For Robert", a sax tribute to Johnny Hodges.
This was a continuation of a good idea which was first tried out Saturday night when the Eddie Stack group, also local talent, went on first.
In this he is sticking with tradition, however far removed from it he may seem to be.
To help him on this religious aspect of primitive jazz he had "Big" Miller, as a preacher-singer and Hannah Dean, Gospel-singer, while Oscar Brown Jr., an extremely talented young man, did a slave auctioneer's call, a field-hands'work song, and a beautifully sung Negro lullaby, "Brown Baby", which was one of the truly moving moments of the festival.
He has chosen Sonata Op. 53 in Aj.
Either way, the Robert Shaw chorus sings them in fine style with every colorful word and its musical frame spelled out in terms of agreeable listening.
Indeed, both "Journal" and "Signal" qualify as instructive catalogues of modern-dance calisthenics.
Mr. Nagrin has described four "places", each with its scenery and people, added two "diversions", and concluded with "A Toccata for the Young", a refreshingly underplayed interpretation of rock'n'roll dancing.
This news, announced by Jerome Toobin, the orchestra's administrative director, brought applause from the 2,800 persons who filled the hall.
Alfred Wallenstein, the conductor, sensitive accompanist that he is, picked up the idea and led the orchestra here with a sense of brooding, poetic mystery.
Deemed too static when it was first heard in "Lady Be Good" in Philadelphia in 1924, it was dropped from the score.
Dorothy Loudon's raucous listing of the attractions "At The Roxy Music Hall" from "I Married An Angel";
In general, Mr. Loesser has done a more consistent job as lyricist than he has as composer.
Elaine Stritch, who sings with a persuasively warm huskiness, belts some life into most of her songs, but the other members of the cast sound as lukewarm as Mr. Coward's songs.
Not that the picture is superficial.
The place is Camusfearna, the site of a long-vanished sea-village opposite the isle of Skye.
He preferred sleeping in bed with his head on a pillow.
we were his Trinity, and he behaved towards us with a mixture of trust and abuse, passion and irritation.
-- The performances of the Comedie Francaise are the most important recent events in the New York theater.
The new "Phedre" was done in 17th century setting, instead of ancient Greek;
The part can lend itself to serious treatment;
But his heavenward glances and his pious speeches are not merely perfunctory;
among his other parts are the leads in "The Bourgeois Gentleman" and "The Imaginary Invalid".
He told once of how he switched his style of playing to jazz after listening to two old Armstrong records he bought in the Flea Market in Paris.
"I Saw Stars", "Lover Man", "Menilmontant" and "Swing 42".
Wellman Braud, bass, and Minor Hall, drums.
so was the playing.
Since an objective viewer might well conclude that this is not a situation that would often arise, the film's extensive discussion of the problem seems, at best, superfluous.
-- For its final change of bill in its London season, the Leningrad State Kirov Ballet chose tonight to give one of those choreographic miscellanies known as a "gala program" at the Royal Opera House, Covent Garden.
At the other extreme in character was the half-hour excerpt from the Petipa-Minkus ballet "Bayaderka", which opened the evening.
two of those poetic adagios in Greek veils (and superb esthetic acrobacy) by Alla Osipenko and Igor Chernishev in one case and Inna Zubkovskaya and Yuri Kornevey in the other;
Those of us who read the papers may think we know a good deal about that election;
He then switches back to a consideration of the seven principal Presidential hopefuls: five Democrats -- Senator Hubert H. Humphrey, Senator Stuart Symington, Senator Lyndon B. Johnson, Adlai E. Stevenson and Mr. Kennedy -- and two Republicans -- Governor Rockefeller and Mr. Nixon.
he trusts only himself and his wife.
Mr. Kennedy did not neglect to cultivate the personal friendship of reporters.
"All platforms are meaningless: the program of either party is what lies in the vision and conscience of the candidate the party chooses to lead it".
Mr. Verreau began shakily, with a voice that tended toward an unpleasant whiteness when pushed beyond middle volume.
At least 60 stations devote all of their time to reaching this audience in about half of the 50 states.
A year ago the Negro Radio Association was formed to spur research which the 30-odd member stations are sure will bring in more business.
One question which inevitably crops up is whether such stations have a future in a nation where the Negro is moving into a fully integrated status.
Sponsor quotes John McLendon of the McLendon-Ebony station group as saying that the Southern Negro is becoming conscious of quality and "does not wish to be associated with radio which is any way degrading to his race;
Few who have painted the scenes around them have done so with so little bitterness.
Although there are landscapes in the show (one of the strongest is a vista of "Gloucester Harbor" in 1915), the human element was the compelling factor in Sloan's art.
To enable students and the public to spot Sloan forgeries, the Delaware Art Center (according to its director, Bruce St. John) will maintain a complete file of photographs of all Sloan works, as well as a card index file.
Two late Sonatas, Op. 110 and 111, were played with similar insight, the disarming simplicities of the Op. 111 Adagio made plain without ever becoming obvious.
His was a burgomaster's Beethoven, solid and sensible.
Three of these men discussed major theories of the universe while the other acted as a moderator.
This expansion has been going on for an estimated eight billion years.
He contends this idea doesn't conflict with experiments on which the principle of conservation of matter and energy is based because some slight error must be assumed in such experiments.
Fleeting glimpse
Highly successful in England before its transfer to New York, most of "Roots" is as relentlessly dour as the trappings of the small new theater are gaudy.
Now for the good points.
Joseph Papp, impassioned founder of the festival and director of "Much Ado", had a vibrant, colorful production under way.
A voice on the loudspeaker system announced that if the rain let up the performance would resume in ten minutes.
The gallant company completed Act 4, and got through part of Act 5.
Schwarzkopf is, of course, Schwarzkopf.
There were stunning musical phrases too, and sometimes the deepest kind of musical and poetic absorption and communication.
Among the other solo ballet dancers of the evening, Elisabeth Carroll and Ivan Allen were particularly impressive in their roles in "The Duel", a work that depends so much upon the precision and incisiveness of the two principal combatants.
Mr. Sansom is English, bearded, formidably cultivated, the versatile author of numerous volumes of short stories, of novels and of pieces that are neither short stories nor travel articles but something midway between.
"I like to sniff a place, and reproduce what it really smells and looks like, its color, its particular kind of life".
This may not be true of many writers, but it certainly is true of Mr. Sansom.
Beauty borrowed from afar
Unfortunately, "Poised For Violence" was not the happiest vehicle with which to make the point.
A weekly showcase for contemporary music, from the austere archaism of Stravinsky to the bleeps and bloops of electronic music, is celebrating its fourth anniversary this month.
The Moiseyev Dance Company dropped in at Madison Square Garden last night for the first of four farewell performances before it brings its long American tour to a close.
As autumn starts its annual sweep, few Americans and Canadians realize how fortunate they are in having the world's finest fall coloring.
Canada.
Middle Atlantic states.
In Wisconsin, take route 55 north of Shawano or routes 78 and 60 from Portage to Prairie Du Chien.
pleasure domes.
The greenhouses alone cover 3-1/2 acres.
A deft, hilarious satire on very high French society involving a statesman with two enviable possessions, a lovely young bride and a head containing such weighty thoughts that he has occasionally to remove it for greater comfort.
Dance
An archery tournament will be held at North Falmouth, Mass. (Sept. 23, 24).
By turns, her beautifully sung Norma is fierce, tender, venomous and pitiful.
Some pleasant fall cruising country is mapped out below.
A sailboat may have a bone in her teeth one minute and lie becalmed the next.
River cruising for small craft is ideal in November.
He is a dull, unformed, and aimless person;
The ramblings on life, death, and the wonder of it all are distressing;
The necessity is not clear to me, and, in any case, to present a case-hardened race-driver as saying he has left his car, which, or whom, he calls "Giuseppe", parked "on the Place Vendome sneering at a dozen Bentleys and Rolls-Royces parked around him" is not a liberty;
Clerfayt, transported, may think of the engine driving his car as "a mystical beast under the hood".
about 30 per cent call themselves Christians in order to keep up appearances and be considered respectable, and only the last 10 per cent are genuine Christians and believers in democracy.
Montgomery believes that she started well.
As faulty as has been our leadership clearly the United States must be relied upon to lead.
"But where is the leader who will handle all these things for us"?
However, Montgomery makes little contribution to leadership theory and practice.
But then, Mario Lanza was no common singer, and his whole career, public and non-public, was studded with the kind of unconventional happenings that terminate with the appearance of his first "recital" only when he has ceased to be a living voice.
Refrigeration, automated processing and packaging conspire to defy season and banish spoilage.
The man most firmly at grips with the problem is the University of Minnesota's Physiologist Ancel Keys, 57, inventor of the wartime K (for Keys) ration and author of last year's bestselling Eat Well And Stay Well.
Americans eat too much.
Today, as Harrison's Principles Of Internal Medicine, a standard internist's text, puts it, "The most common form of malnutrition is caloric excess or obesity".
The appestat, which adjusts the appetite to keep weight constant, is located, says Jolliffe, in the hypothalamus -- near the body's temperature, sleep and water-balance controls.
The result says Jolliffe: "The child gains the feeling that food is the purpose of life".
"It contains large amounts of protein, vitamins and minerals.
But they cannot fully explain the process of its manufacture by the human liver.
Fats & coronaries.
The degree of saturation depends on the number of hydrogen atoms on the fat molecule.
When the words are used, we are never sure which of the traditional meanings the user may have in mind, or to what extent his revisions and rejections of former understandings correspond to ours.
Science is fully competent to deal with any element of experience which arises from an object in space and time.
Science has simply left us helpless and powerless in this important sector of our lives.
Everyone in Salem, saint and sinner alike, is swept up by it.
Yet are not we of the mid-twentieth century, who rightly do not believe there is any such "thing" as the devil, just as bad off as they -- only in a different way?
(page 34)
Think, for example, of the spirit of the Marine Corps.
It is the spirit which is the source of a community's drawing power by means of which others are drawn into it from the world outside so that the community grows and prospers.
The absurd notion that demythologization entails the expurgation of all mythological concepts completely misrepresents Bultmann's intention.
Although the theological forms of the past continue to exist in a way they do not in a more secularized situation, the striking thing is the rapidity with which they are being reduced to a marginal existence.
Can the church risk assuming that the "folly" of men is as dear to God as their "wisdom", or, as is also commonly implied, that "the foolishness of God" and "the foolishness of men" are simply two ways of talking about the same thing?
This is what we mean when we say this demand must be accepted without condition.
It is to this same tradition that most of the creative figures in the last century and a half of American theology also belong.
For we have said, in effect, that of the two alternatives to his position variously represented by the other participants in the demythologizing discussion, only one is really an alternative.
Therefore, the only conceivable alternatives are those represented, on the one hand, by the two at least apparently self-consistent but mutually exclusive positions of Buri and Barth and, on the other hand, by the third but really pseudo position (analogous to a round square) of Bultmann.
But it must be readily seen that the religious picture in England has so greatly changed during these hundred years as to engender hope, at least on the Catholic side.
Nowhere have I seen public expression of anti-Catholicism.
yet it represents a very considerable percentage of the churchgoing population.
And in the last five years, the "Methodist chapel committee has authorized the demolition or, more often, the sale of 764 chapels".
The London Universe devoted its centenary issue last December 8 to mapping out various aspects of Catholic progress during the last one hundred years.
I have not seen this charge made during my stay here, but apparently it is still in the air.
The general tone of articles appearing in such important newspapers as the Manchester Guardian and the Sunday Observer implies a kindly recognition that the Catholic Church is now at least of equal stature in England with the Protestant churches.
And it was interesting to observe that B.B.C.'s television film on Christmas Eve was The Bells Of St. Mary's.
The straight line would symbolize its uniqueness, the circle its universality.
Not a circle, then, nor a straight line, but a spiral represents the shape of death as Irenaeus sees it;
From this earth, then, while it was still virgin God took dust and fashioned the man, the beginning of humanity".
There are some passages in the writings of Irenaeus where the image of God and the similitude are sharply distinguished, so most notably in the statement: "If the (Holy) Spirit is absent from the soul, such a man is indeed of an animal nature;
but if he did not, he would become mortal, melting into earth, whence his frame had been taken".
so also did Mary, having a man betrothed (to her), and being nevertheless a virgin, by yielding obedience, become the cause of salvation, both to herself and the whole human race".
This leads Irenaeus to the somewhat startling notion that Adam and Eve died on the same day that they disobeyed, namely, on a Friday, as a parallel to the death of Christ on Good Friday;
for it prepares the way for the passage from life through death to life that is achieved in Christ.
These two aspects of death cannot be successfully separated, but they dare not be confused or identified.
This seems to have been the conclusion to which Origen was forced.
One can even argue -- though this is a delicate matter -- that every justification existed for their returning the Public Lecture to the First Church, and so to suppress it, rather than let Parker use it as a sounding board for his propaganda when his turn should come to occupy it.
In the hall, after adjournment, Dr. Frothingham took him warmly by the hand and requested Parker to visit him -- whereupon our burly Theodore again burst into tears.
Emerson evaded the problem by shoving it aside, or rather by leaving it behind him: he walked out of the Unitarian communion, so that it could lick the wound of his departure, preserve its self-respect and eventually accord him pious veneration.
But Parker as the ultra-liberal minister within the pale of a church which had proclaimed itself the repository of liberality poses a different problem, which is not to be resolved by holding him up as the champion of freedom.
Channing wrote this -- in a letter!
You and I do the same thing.
Because he copiously shed his own tears, and yielded himself up as a living sacrifice to the impersonalized conscience of New England, he was not disturbed by the havoc he worked in other people's consciences.
At one time I became disturbed in the faith in which I had grown up by the apparent inroads being made upon both Old and New Testaments by a "Higher Criticism" of the Bible, to refute which I felt the need of a better knowledge of Hebrew and of archaeology, for it seemed to me that to pull out some of the props of our faith was to weaken the entire structure.
The next traditional step then was to accept it as the authoritative textbook of the Christian faith just as one would accept a treatise on any earthly "science", and I submitted to its conditions according to Christ's invitation and promise that, "If any man will do his will, he shall know of the doctrine, whether it be of God, or whether I speak of myself" (John 7: 17).
Our Lord's invitation with its implied promise to all is, "Come and see".
How often have I looked to Jesus when entering the sick room, asking for His presence and help in my professional duties as I give my talents not only as the world giveth but as one who loves the Saviour and His creatures.
not that empty peace the world offers, but a deep, abiding peace which nothing can destroy.
Cape Canaveral's achievements thunder forth from the radio, television, and newspaper.
Or what shall a man give in exchange for his soul"?
Your spiritual "inner" space helps determine the spirituality of America as a nation.
That is why the Bible commands you to "Taste and see that the Lord is good: blessed (happy) is the man that trusteth in Him" (Psalm 34: 8).
It was a session at which all the youngsters were told to express their fears, to get them out in the open where they could talk about them freely.
It must be getting more serious.
Look at the things we do to escape our fears and to forget our worries.
In one of his writings Pascal speaks of this mania for diversion as being a sign of misery and fear which man cannot endure without such opiates.
Hitler did just that 23 years ago, building up tensions that first led to a Munich and then to a world war.
The Lord is the strength of my life;
He has already devoured huge areas of the world, putting men behind concrete walls and iron curtains and barbed wire, reducing them to slavery, systematically crushing not only their bodies but their souls, and shooting them to death if they try to escape their prison.
But the enemy answers them from loudspeakers that pour out Communist propaganda with a generous mixture of terrible profanity.
The Lord is the strength of my life;
The psalmist could say that God was his light even though he could only anticipate the coming of Christ.
And God had conquered that one by His grace!
When that fear has been removed by faith in Jesus Christ, when we know that He is our Savior, that He has paid our debt with His blood, that He has met the demands of God's justice and thus has turned His wrath away -- when we know that, we have peace with God in our hearts;
The concept of the Middle Kingdom at peace, strong and united under a forceful ruler, which had been only a longed-for ideal in the time of the Warring States, was finally realized by the establishment of a Chinese Empire under the Ch'in dynasty (221-207 B.C.).
Although modern scholars have expressed surprise that "the simple magic square of three", a mere "mathematical puzzle", was able to exert a considerable influence on the minds and imaginations of the cultured Chinese for so many centuries, they could have found most of the answers right within the square itself.
In fact, the neat balance of these pairs, and their subtle equilibrium, would have had special meaning in the minds of the Old Chinese.
All this emphasis on Centrality and on the number 5 as a symbolic expression of the Center, which seems to have begun as far back as 400 B.C., also may conceivably have led to the development of the Five-Elements School and the subsequent efforts to fit everything into numerical categories of five.
Yin and Yang in the "Lo Shu" square
Together these two principles influenced all things, and in varying combinations they were present in everything.
For the rivers, the 4 represented the Huai, to the (then) Southeast;
When they fall by the wayside and fail to achieve Christian stature, it is an indictment of the Church.
This is the answer to the problem of "membership delinquency".
The pastor calls in the home of each individual or family for a spiritual guidance conference.
Some churches require more.
-- History of the Church;
In this session the persons seeking membership are provided information concerning the work of the denomination as well as the program and activities of the local church.
1)
Have a "Question Box".
Ask each member to write a statement on such topics as: "What Christ Means To Me", "What The Church Means To Me", "Why Join The Church", "The Duties Of Church Members", etc.
People appreciate experiences that demand something of them.
Every detail of the service merits careful attention -- the hymns, the sermon, the ritual, the right hand of fellowship, the introduction to the congregation, the welcome of the congregation.
Provide a name card for each new member.
Introduce each new member to the congregation, asking him to face the congregation.
the church is "the family of God".
Another major church body had 4,499,608 members and twenty years later its membership stood at 4,622,444.
new members can become participating, growing members.
-- Welcome into the fellowship
The statement also points to a classic paradox: The more men turn toward God, who is not only in himself the paradigm of all unity but also the only ground on which human unity can ultimately be established, the more men splinter into groups and set themselves apart from one another.
Some persons are so sensitive to this truth as to propose that we do away with institutions altogether;
The only way that I can see is through communication.
Such needs may rise to pathological proportions.
No less than twenty-two nations have already achieved independence since World War 2, and the number is growing by the year.
But the problem extends elsewhere.
It is not unfair to add on the other side that the crude and almost vitriolic approach of certain fundamentalist sects toward the cultures and religions among which they work has contributed measurably to this heightening of anti-Christian sentiment.
The American Constitution was historic at this point in providing that "Congress shall make no law respecting an establishment of religion or prohibiting the free exercise thereof".
During the years when Israel was passing from crisis to crisis -- the Sinai campaign, the infusion of multitudes of penniless immigrants -- it was felt that the purpose of national unity could be best served if the secular majority were to yield to the religious parties.
Leslie Newbiggin reflects the dominant position within the World Council of Churches when he says, "We must claim absoluteness and finality for Christ and His finished work, but that very claim forbids us to claim absoluteness and finality for our understanding of it".
He is talking about double effects, of which the specific action causes directly the one and indirectly the other, but causes both;
If an evil which is certain and extensive and immediate may rarely be compensated for by a problematic, speculative, future good, by the same token not every present, certain, and immediate good (or lesser evil) that may have to be done will be outweighed by a problematic, speculative, and future evil.
He bravely attempts to face this alternative realistically, i.e., by considering the worst possible outcome, namely, the total domination of the world by Russia within a few years.
"It is worse for a nation to give in to evil than to run the risk of annihilation".
Even a nuclear holocaust is a little less frightful to contemplate than a race of dehumanised humans occupying the earth until doomsday".
This is not a project for regaining the ground for limited war, by creating a monopoly in one power of the world's arsenal of unlimited weapons.
We should not allow the image of an immanent end brought about indirectly by our own action in the continuing human struggle for a just endurable order of existence to blind us to the fact that in some measure accelerating the end of our lease may be one consequence among others of many other of mankind's thrusts toward we know not what future.
What social, ethical and theological insights can the church and university help him bring to bear upon his situation?
Obviously, much more than customer expectation is determining the realtor's role.
These men -- for the most part educated in our "best" New England colleges, well established financially and socially in the community -- under kindly but insistent probing, reveal little or no objective or explicit criteria or data for their generalizations about the interests and attitudes of the people they claim to serve, or about the public responses that actually follow their occasional breach of a "client-service relationship".
the Commission on Race and Housing concluded that "there is no reason to believe that real estate men are either more or less racially prejudiced, on the whole, than any other segment of the American population".
No one anticipates any radical shift in this situation, but questions concerning reading habits, the availability of such data and the places where it is discussed must surely be raised.
(This has not been the case everywhere.
One of the roles of the social scientist, ethicist or theologian in our discussions with the realtors became that of encouraging greater awareness of the opportunities offered by the legal and political processes for the exercise of broad social responsibilities in their work.
Our faculty and students pressed this issue more than any other.
Atomic energy
We know that we have hydrogen in water;
And think, if we all knew this secret and we could pool our power, what a wonderful public utility company we would make.
I calculated first that there are about an octillion atoms in the average human body;
Pennsylvania thus blanketed would contain about a quintillion peas.
A speck -- and space
This is the atomic sun, the atomic nucleus.
Now this 1920 view of the atom was on the whole a discouraging picture.
And to see the meaning of this new picture, imagine that you can put on more powerful glasses and go back inside the atom and have a look at it in the way we view it today.
The Island folk have their living almost entirely from summer visitors;
Even more of an obstacle is the difficulty of separating the influence of Christianity from other factors.
Upon most of these Christianity had left an impress and through them had had a share in making the individual what he was.
As church membership burgeoned, such measures faded into desuetude.
Thus "America", the most widely sung of the patriotic songs, was written by a New England Baptist clergyman, Samuel Francis Smith (1808-1895), while a student in Andover Theological Seminary.
Some have seen revivalism and the search for Christian perfection as the fountain-head of the American hope.
The atmosphere was one of optimism, of confidence in human progress, and of a determination to rid the world of its ills.
The movement to end Negro slavery began before 1815 and mounted after that year until, as a result of the Civil War, emancipation was achieved.
It was he who turned the attention of William Lloyd Garrison (1805-1879) to the subject.
A group of young men influenced by him enrolled in Lane Theological Seminary and had to leave because of their open anti-slavery position.
they were almost immediately worshipped for these newer, even more terrible abilities.
The Chinese emperor, by proper observance of ritual, manifested divine powers.
The common belief was that there existed one moral order, which included everything.
The Taoists believed the unity could be influenced by proper magical manipulation;
Confucianism had its own magic in the idea that virtue had power.
Proponents of Zen to the West emphasize disproportionately the amount of Mahayana Buddhism in Zen, probably in order to dignify the indisputably magical Taoist ideas with more respectable Buddhist metaphysic.
But this is not the spirit of self-reliant freedom of action for which the Westerner mistakes it.
The anchorite strove, in fact, to magically influence the world of spirits in the same way that the divine emperor manifested his power.
Thereupon Hwang Pah said: "If I knew thou art an Arhat, I would have doubled you up before thou got over there"!
(2)"
Pope Pius the Sixth, at Rome, in April, 1778, wrote the following: "The faithful should be excited to the reading of the Holy Scriptures: For these are the most abundant sources which ought to be left open to everyone, to draw from them purity of morals and of doctrine, to eradicate errors which are so widely disseminated in these corrupt times".
for it is written, You shall be holy, because I am holy.
Romans 3: 10-12, 23.
Ephesians 10.
St. John 3: 5, 6.
1 St. John 3: 9.
If we are born of God we love the brethren.
2 St. Peter 18.
and that which is born of the Spirit is spirit.
For by grace you have been saved through faith;
1 St. John 12.
And the life that I now live in the flesh, I live in the faith of the Son of God, who loved me and gave himself up for me.
St. John 24.
you may have the final and extreme unction but if you are not born again you are lost and headed for hell and eternal punishment.
They cursed Him.
You can ignore His Book, the Bible, and His church.
20).
my name is Guideposts;
Fifteen years ago, there were no Guideposts at all.
It is the power that holds the stars in their orbits, but allows the wind to bend a blade of grass.
They borrowed a typewriter, raised about $2,000 in contributions, hired a secretary, persuaded a couple of young men to join them for almost no pay and began mailing out a collection of unstapled leaflets that they called Guideposts.
The help and sympathy that were forthcoming from everywhere.
With our growth came expansion into new fields of service.
Irving Granville and Nelson Rector who travel widely calling on business firms.
There are people who travel long distances to assure my continued existence.
Perhaps it is not fair to mention some people without mentioning all.
A shorter word is.
The hated dictator Batista had fled.
When it was my turn, I, too, printed the truth as I knew it about Batista, and rejoiced to see his regime topple.
New schools were rising, but with this went a harsh proclamation: any academic degree earned during Batista's regime was invalid.
But most disturbing of all were the advisers he called to sit with him in the Palace;
Here was a powerful, ready-made medium, but it could speak only if I told it to.
Too often a beginning bodybuilder has to do his training secretly either because his parents don't want sonny-boy to "lift all those old barbell things" because "you'll stunt your growth" or because childish taunts from his schoolmates, like "Hey lookit Mr. America;
There's Gaetan D'Amours who is our newest Mr. Canada;
For in almost less time than it takes to tell it, Henri's bodyweight was increasing rapidly.
And at once Claude saw what the trouble was and he knew just how to correct it.
The "pull" exercise in this Super-Set is the one-dumbbell Bent-Arm Pullover.
The last exercise of Roland Claude's prescribed program for Henri is a single exercise, done in individual sets with a bit longer pause between sets.
Now good definition is one thing that all of us can acquire with occasional high-set, high-rep, light-weight workouts.
the facet of muscular development that wins prizes.
3.
grasp the bar (which will rest against the back of your neck);
But don't worry.
Of course his love was expressed in intelligent care.
It isn't easy to describe it, but every gardener knows it when his fingers touch such soil.
Then I cover the sowing with a board.
I put a little scoop of pulverized phosphate rock or steamed bone meal into each hole with the plant.
We put a light mulch over the seedlings;
I started the seed in a flat in June and set out the little pansies in a cold frame.
Pick the flowers, keep the soil dampened, and each of the pegged-down branches will take root and become a little plant and go on blooming for the rest of the season.
It is no harder to raise big, healthy, blooming plants than weak, sickly little things;
They stick to their principles, insist upon their due, but grow and bloom with dependable regularity if given it.
it is subtle and rather bland, nut-like.
This happens on the grocer's shelf or in your kitchen.
Aside from this, the average portion contains some protein, an appreciable amount of vitamins A and C -- about one-tenth of the minimum daily requirement, and about a third of the official vitamin E requirement.
The pulsating vibration of energy clutches at the pit of your stomach.
and now rockets have given it the means to destroy itself in minutes.
Because of a missile's ballistic trajectory, the location of a fixed target must be known quite accurately.
It is entirely feasible to employ aircraft such as the B-52 or B-70 in hunter-killer operations against Soviet railway-based missiles.
Even mobile forces must be found and destroyed.
Aircraft are mighty expensive if you can use them only once.
We have the technology today with which to build aircraft shelters which could withstand at least 200 Aj.
The reason that we are not going ahead full speed to develop high thrust-to-weight engines is that it would cost perhaps a billion dollars -- and you don't spend that sort of money if aircraft are obsolete.
A ballistic missile cannot, today, tell you if it was successful or unsuccessful.
A large aircraft, such as the B-52 or B-70, could carry perhaps 50 or 100 small nuclear weapons.
Moreover, the piece is written in five movements, rather than the conventional four of most quintets, and this gives the opus a serenade or divertimento flavor.
But Schnabel was a great teacher in addition to being a great performer, and the fact that four of the ten versions I listened to are by Schnabel pupils (Clifford Curzon, Frank Glazer, Adrian Aeschbacher, and Victor Babin) also sheds light on the master's pedagogical skills.
From a technical standpoint, the string playing is good, but the Pro Arte people fail to enter into the spirit of things here.
)
Returning once again to the Schnabel reissue, I am beguiled anew by the magnificence of this pianist's musical penetration.
Other innovations with better claims to musical interest survived rehearing to acquire in time the status of classics.
but if you know The Real Thing, you know that what you are hearing is only a clever imitation.
Yet you feel the orchestra is near at hand, and the individual instruments have the same firm presence associated with listening from a good seat in an acoustically perfect hall.
The Presto Ma non assai of the first trio of the scherzo is taken literally and may shock you, as the real Allegro con Spirito of the finale is likely to bring you to your feet.
And in its engineers'frantic attempts to achieve maximum dynamic impact and earsplitting brilliance, the recording sounds as though it had been "doctored for super-high fidelity".
Mrs. William H. Long, Jr. speaks
If you walk into the ring because it is fun to show your dog, he will feel it and give you a good performance!
legs to produce motion and rate of speed.
Is one of Mr. Barcus'strong beliefs.
This year Anne Hone Rogers, outstanding Handler, judged the Class.
After the judge moved all the dogs individually, she selected several from the group and placed them in the center of the ring.
Susan Hackmann, age 14, from Baltimore, Md., showing a Dachshund, was 3rd.
Judging class for intermediates proposed
Juniors who attend this Chicago show should make a point to enter this Class as it would be of great help to them.
The Kansas City and the Topeka KCs are arranging that Juniors who win at their shows will be qualified to win points for Westminster.
In the morning we leave the room looking as neat as a pin!
Boats are operated in every state in the Union, with the heaviest concentrations along both coasts and in the Middle West.
Boatmen lucky enough to have facilities for year-'round anchorage for their craft, will recall the tedious procedure of loading their gear into the car, driving to the water, and making trip after trip to transfer the gear to the boat.
There is no limit to what you can spend, yet it is easily possible to keep within a set budget.
You pay your money and you take your choice.
There was a time when, if a man wanted to purchase a boat, it was necessary for him to be able to produce a sizeable amount of cash before he could touch the tiller or wheel.
It was much the same with pleasure boating at first.
Fees are not the same and some states do not require certain craft, such as sailboats with no power, to be registered at all.
With U.S. Coast Guard cooperation, the American Boat and Yacht Council was formed to develop recommended practices and standards for boats and their equipment with reference to safety.
Instead of motels, for the boatman there are marinas.
In the frame are two sets of bars which interact with each other to prevent the operator from making dangerous moves.
This also pulls the tappet connected to the particular lever and forces any dogs seated in the notches to the side, thus moving one or more locking bars.
If the points aren't thrown all the way, the Turnout cannot be locked, and in turn, the signal cannot be cleared.
In some low-speed situations, the distant signal is fixed at caution.
Start with the right-hand piece "B", Af, soldering it to the lower piece "A" of the same material but 12" long.
Now cut five Af locking bar spacers (which run horizontally).
Drill all No. 50 and counter-drill all except the "A" pieces size 43.
Be sure the tappets are not pinched by a twisted 1/2" sq. spacer.
Drill four No. 19 and four No. 28 holes in the 12" long "A" pieces.
Total distance is about 21/64".
Each completed locking bar should remain in place as the work progresses to insure snug fitting.
Center-punch and drill the No. 31 hole 7/16" from one end of the bar.
" thick and 1" dia. fitted on a 1/8" dia. mandrel.
This tool can also be made with a lathe.
It places the various factors involved in the problem in their correct order in relation to each other so that the influence of factors on each other can be computed.
.
For example: Af.
This would be reduced by multiplying 8 times 6 and then dividing the product by 12.
It is a number without which the equation cannot be solved correctly.
It is good to be able to compute displacement so that changes in it resulting from boring and stroking can be computed.
One inch equals 2.54 centimeters: one cubic inch equals 16.38 cubic centimeters.
Cylinder volume is determined in exactly the same manner as for the displacement formula: Af.
The only precaution is that all volumes used in the formula be quoted in the same terms.
.
To simplify the formulas a representative symbol is substituted for each of the factors.
The measurement must be in inches.
Using the figures from the previous examples, the equation becomes: Af.
Stardel (Star's Pride-Starlette Hanover), 2:34, looks quite promising.
He has thrived on all he has gone through and looks the makings of a good little race horse.
the crupper under his tail seemed to be old stuff.
First Flyer (Frisco Flyer-Castle Light) looks like a splendid candidate for the Illinois Stakes.
on Jan. 21, 2:36.
Staley Hanover (Knight Dream-Sweetmite Hanover) is a little on the small side but a very compact colt and looks like one to stand training and many future battles with colts in his class.
Buxton Hanover (Tar Heel-Beryl Hanover) 2:35;
Fair Sail (Farvel-Topsy Herring) 2:36;
Next Knight (Knight Dream-Next Time) 2:36;
Prompt Time shows class.
Laguerre Hanover ((Tar Heel-Lotus Hanover), 2:30.3-:36.1;
Her best time to date is about 2:30.
Tiger Hanover, p, 3 (by Adios) in 2:26;
Dewey Urban has a clever green trotter in Dr. Orin I., 3 (by Yankee Hanover), his latest mile in 2:20;
As a Christmas service, I've taken a close look at this year's crop of new models.
these are fairly large, tough animals.
Three more deer have fallen to this same gun, and all were one-shot kills.
, 40-grain bullet is rated at a very hot 2,460 fps, and it's the flattest shooting of any revolver cartridge, with a mid-range rise of about an inch over a 100-yard range.
The fact that the Deerstalker and the Jet were the only completely new designs this year doesn't mean that 1961 didn't see changes in models, actions and calibers.
Stock designs are excellent for use with scopes.
It's a streamlined rifle, fast and well-made.
auto, this one with a seven- or 12-shot clip.
The combination of thin pattern and very tiny pellets makes it necessary to get on the birds, right now!
Beginners'guns,'61
Another boy's model is the
For example, a Browning trap version of the Superposed over/under, the Broadway (from $350 up, depending on grade), differs from standard models in that it is equipped with a full beavertail fore end, a cushion recoil pad and a barrel-wide ventilated rib for fast sighting.
See page 24 for a complete report on it.
The journey back he made along the coast road, traveling hell-for-leather, every lantern of the tallyho ablaze.
It yields a fragrance as Orphic as that of the pastilles of Malabar.
Oyster salt roast -- oysters on the half shell, cooked on a bed of coarse salt that kept them hot when served -- was a standby at Manning's.
The tallyho had cost Vernon $2,300.
Club Kedgeree
Louis Sherry once stayed a fortnight at the Palace, and he was so pleased with omelet Arbogast that he introduced it at his restaurant in New York J. Pierpont Morgan had come in his private train to San Francisco, to attend an Episcopal convention, and brought the restaurateur with him.
He had style: he held his reins in a loose bunch at the third button of his checked Epsom surtout, and when the horses leaned at a curve, as if bent by the force of a gale, he leaned with them.
The Santa Cruz mountains sprawl over three counties, and the roads twist through sky-tapping redwoods down whose furrowed columns ripple streams of rain, even when heat bakes the Santa Clara valley below at the left.
It was the haunt of writer Ambrose Bierce, who admired its redwoods.
Vineyards and orchards also grew around Wright's, and deer were rather a nuisance;
Wright's apple pie
the smoke-filled, art-filled, drama-filled life of the great cities of the East;
lovely old villages and a rugged seashore among its many worthwhile sights.
North to Acadia National Park, Maine, with views of a rockbound coast and dark, magnificent forests.
However, the use of tripods is not allowed.
Among the locales to visit are Shiloh, Tennessee;
The famous old French and Spanish buildings with their elaborate wrought iron balconies and the narrow streets of the Latin Quarter present an Old World scene.
Beautiful homes and gardens are trademarks of the South and cities particularly noted for them are Charleston, S.C., Natchez, Miss., and Savannah, Ga.
Enough daylight is usually available from the windows, but if you have synchronized flash -- use it.
The farmlands forming the heart of America stretch out across the Midwest from Chicago.
Mementoes of the Old West recall the days of Wyatt Earp in Dodge City, Nebraska, where present-day cowboys add a colorful human interest note to your vacation shooting.
Again, be sure your tripod is handy for those sometimes-necessary time exposures.
A western vacation is practically synonymous with a visit to at least one of the magnificent national parks in this area.
At the moment, many of these are being pulled down.
Easy to get to, and becoming more popular every year, it is only fourteen hours from New York by Pan American World Airways jet, four hours from Rome.
At the top of the hill the buildings on the left gave way to a park.
On the columns around the immense dome are round plaques with Arabic writing.
Just before coming to the mosque entrance I crossed the street, entered the Hippodrome, and walked ahead to the Obelisk of Theodosius, originally erected in Heliopolis in Egypt about 1,600 B.C. by Thutmose, who also built those now in New York, London and Rome at the Lateran.
It stands in the middle of what was once the Forum of Constantine, who brought it from Rome.
Outside I walked past the entrance to St. Sophia, turned left at the end of it, and continued toward a gate in the wall ahead.
I walked to the right around it to buildings containing illuminated manuscripts and came to the Treasury, which houses such things as coffee cups covered with diamonds, jewelled swords, rifles glittering with diamonds and huge divan-like thrones as large as small beds, on which the sultans sat cross-legged.
Don't fail to shorten cooking time by the use of aluminum foil cut slightly larger than the surface of steaks and chops.
Keep it no longer than 36 hours before cooking, and keep it in the coldest (but non-freezing) compartment of the refrigerator.
The simplest grill (pan type) or inexpensive hibachi can make you a chef.
It's cheaper to buy Wall-Tex and cover your outdoor table.
Then you'll want terry cloth towels for mopping up.
You will discover you keep the sauce for basting meat in one, use six for drinks, serve soup or coffee in another half-dozen -- and need one more to mix the salad dressing.
maybe a skillet, a basket of essentials like salt, pepper, plates, forks, knives and a can opener.
So that his customers should not soil their hands, Feuchtwanger issued white gloves.
Bring along the conventional ones -- catsup, pickle relish, mustard, mayonnaise -- plus a few extras, such as tangy barbecue sauce, chive cream cheese, or horse-radish for the brave ones in the crowd.
.
Canned cocktail frankfurters
Sweet-sour sauce can be kept warm over a second hibachi or chafing dish while charcoal in broiler is reaching glowing coal stage.
Some tasty frank toppings are chili con carne, Coney Island sauce and savory sauerkraut.
Barbecued frankfurters
Makes 8 sandwiches or 4 servings.
Knead on lightly floured board and roll out to form a Af-inch rectangle.
form into patties and barbecue 5 minutes on each side.
Glazes, one-stroke ceramic colors, stains, cones as indicated in the individual instructions.
Place mold or paper pattern on rolled clay and cut clay by holding knife in vertical position (cut more pieces than required for project to make allowance for defects;
Slight tapping on the underside of mold will help release the clay, but too much agitation will cause the clay to become soft and will interfere with removal of clay from mold.
(opposite page, right top): Stoneware clay was used.
Bisque fired to cone 05.
Unglazed.
Jars are assembled in bowl of butter mold.
Trim excess clay from around lip of mold and set aside while assembling lid.
if inner lid is too big, trim to fit, allowing room for thickness of glaze.
Little folks set:
place design-side up on plaster board.
Turn shaker upside down.
use slip to join scored ends.
Bend handle;
Napkin holder:
Let all projects dry slowly for several days.
To measure work:
In working, always slip marker from one needle to another.
See illustration.
Hotei is 23 feet long with an 8-1/2-foot beam and every inch a family boat.
We've been out in five-foot waves and stayed dry.
Consider what you have to earn to be able to spend the $3,000 and your building time is well worth it.
The transom frame is made first with the joints lapped, glued and fastened with one-inch, No. 12 Stronghold nails.
The frames are glued and screwed to this piece.
Take two three-inch-wide pieces and rip them down the center of the thickness to make the four.
Placement is important because the rear seat, bunks and front jump seats rest on or are fastened to many of the side battens.
Four pieces are used.
The next step is to remove it and spread glue where it has been marked at the contact points.
Then remove it and give the whole bottom a coat of resin.
Fiberglas materials are available from Glass Plastic Supply Co., 1605 W. Elizabeth Ave., Linden, N. J.
When they're on, the top edges are planed even with the sheer batten.
Bottoms of the floorboards are also painted and the flooring is then screwed in place.
You can build this vacation cottage yourself.
Everything possible has been scaled to standard sizes and measurements of materials.
This can usually be found out at the nearest town hall.
How are the roads, and how will they stand up?
This will be for the shell of the house only (roof, walls, and floor), and does not include the carport or balcony.
The louvers are constructed as shown in the detail, with a drop door for ventilation.
The drill press consists of a vertical shaft (spindle) which is tapered or threaded on one end to hold a drill chuck, a tubular housing (quill) in which the spindle is mounted, a head in which the quill is mounted, a feed lever which moves the quill up or down, a power source, and a movable table upon which the work is placed.
wiping with a slightly oiled cloth will discourage rusting of the column and quill.
Don't lose the chuck key
Generally, the larger the tool and the harder the material, the slower the speed.
Since fly cutters are one sided and not balanced, they should be used at the slowest speed available, and fed very slowly to avoid binding.
The old-time bridges over the Merrimac River in Massachusetts are of unusual interest in many respects.
The matter was considered and reconsidered, and finally opposed, but in spite of many objections, the Court granted a charter on January 9, 1792.
I have already mentioned that Mr. Timothy Palmer of Newburyport was the inventor of the arched bridges in this country.
Its original appearance is shown in an engraving published in the "Massachusetts Magazine" in May 1793, which is reproduced herewith (Fig. 1).
It stood in its original form until 1882.
John Templeman
Colonel Frederick W. Lander, impersonated, will again make his break-neck ride down the steep declivity of Talbott's (now College) Hill and thunder across the bridge to join Colonel Benjamin F. Kelley's (West) Virginia Infantry, then swarming through the streets in pursuit of the retreating Confederates.
The Chenoweth brothers were experienced bridge builders, and against the competition of other, and better known, bridge designers and builders they had constructed nine of the covered, wooden bridges on the Parkersburg and Staunton Turnpike a dozen years before, as well as many other bridges for several counties.
Again Reverend Corder saved the bridge when Union soldiers planned to destroy it, after filling its two lanes with hay and straw -- but for what reason is not recorded nor remembered, certainly not because of pressure from an opposing Confederate force.
Where to put it
Yet a grassy approach can turn a pool into a floating lawn every time the grass is mowed.
And a good several feet around the pool should be neither greensward nor woods, but good hard pavement.
We were in business!
No friends are to arrive without an invitation or without at least telephoning beforehand.
This has saved us from constant requests seven days a week and made us feel less brutal to the young "less fortunate" than ours.
But fenced or unfenced, no pool-side is the place for running or horseplay.
Unless you want to make your wife a pool widow and to spend a great many of your leisure hours nursing your pool's pristine purity, its care and feeding -- from pH content to filtering and vacuuming -- is best left to a weekly or bi-monthly professional service.
With or without professional help, you will have to be able to do some of these jobs yourself unless you have a full-time pool nurse.
If you have a 6- to 8-inch drain pipe, you may easily wash out all the debris when the grate is out.
You may find yourself hitting bottom, literally, as you discover that water is running out even while you are putting it in.
Is it worth-while?
The need for reupholstering, redecorating, repainting becomes more infrequent.
For any house.
You can get year-'round air conditioners in the same variety of styles in which you buy a furnace alone -- high or low boy, horizontal or counterflow.
You can get a hot water system that will also work for cooling your house.
In a two-story house, one unit may be installed in the basement to serve the first floor, another in the attic to cool the second.
What size conditioner?
You'll need more if the high average is above that, less if it's below.
Here's why:
In a new house, generous roof overhangs are a logical and effective solution.
An attic space above insulation makes a house easier to cool.
Keeping conditioners quiet.
These are becoming more and more available through the work of counties and other government agencies.
However, there is also much to be gained by making use of the abilities of the local people who are available and interested in recreation.
You need answers to four important questions.
One of the most desirable features for a park are beautiful views or scenery.
It also cools the air in summer and nourishes the trees and wild life.
Just as the national and state parks place emphasis on features which are of national or state significance, counties should seek out these features which are distinctive of their area.
Park visitors are always eager to learn more about the area they are in.
-- The size of the area alone can be a determining factor.
For instance, a site adjoining other publicly owned lands, such as a national forest or a public road, may be desirable, whereas a site next to an industrial plant might not.
The area may provide good springs or opportunities for a well or be near to municipal water lines.
An area sheltered from strong winds may be highly desirable for recreation use.
Prokofieff's outlook as a composer-pianist-conductor in America was, indeed, brilliant.
All musical Paris was there.
we studied, taught, and performed his piano sonatas, chamber music, gavottes, and marches;
After this holocaust, a changing world occupied the minds of men;
This is precisely what makes lucid, straightforward music so difficult to compose -- the clarity must be new, not old".
However, in all of Prokofieff's music, young or mature, we find his profile -- his "signature" -- his craftsman's attitude.
At this date, it seems probable that the name of Serge Prokofieff will appear in the archives of History, as an effective Traditionalist, who was fully aware of the lure and danger of experimentation, and used it as it served his purpose;
Prokofieff was guided in a consistent direction by the life of his own people -- by the compass of their national ideas.
a circus polka for elephants;
choruses, chamber music ensembles;
and perhaps of even greater significance -- his music is strong 20th-Century evidence of the effectiveness of Evolution, based on a broad Traditionalism for the creative art of music.
Like many others, he had to work hard, long hours in a struggling family business which, though it was allied to art of a kind -- the design and production of engraved seals -- bore no relation to the painting of pictures.
Gradually watercolor claimed his greater affection until today it has become his major, if not exclusive, technique.
But for the technical fact, we have the artist's own testimony:
"Speed in painting a picture is valid only when it imparts spontaneity and crispness, but unless the artist has lots of experience so that he can control rapid execution, he would do well to take these first sketches and soberly reorder their design to achieve a unified composition.
Trial and error are better placed in the preliminary sketch than in hoping for miracles in the final painting.
"My brushes are different from those used by most watercolorists, for I combine the sable and the bristle.
a middle distance often containing the major motif;
Living with his watercolors is a vicarious experience of seeing nature distilled through the eyes of a sensitive interpretor, a breath and breadth of the outdoor world to help man honor the Creator of it all.
He was elected to the National Academy of Design as an Associate in the oil class in 1931 (after receiving his first Ranger Fund Purchase Prize at the Academy in 1930), and elevated to Academicianship in 1940.
It is more than just lack of dance training that is our problem, for just as gymnastics can learn from dance, dance has some very important things to learn from gymnastics.
(An enterprising teacher or parent could start training a healthy child at the age of seven days.
We could scarcely find eighty in our great land of over 180 million people.
To be fit, one has to start early with young children, and today the only person who really reaches such children is the teacher of dance.
Even the boys will not be outstanding in these areas.
The horse kick
Push back up and repeat.
Of course those who have developed more will find them easier.
Eventually the class will be able to kick up high enough so that the teacher can catch the leading leg.
Later this can be combined with the handstand to provide a walkover.
The last essential to the beginner's gymnastic program is the somersault, or forward roll.
then no matter what happens, the child's performance will be controlled.
The author has recently studied the field of medical electronics and has been convinced that, in this area alone, the application of electronic equipment has enormous possibilities.
This stain often disrupts the normal cell activity or else colors only the outside.
(Note: Because of light leakage from one ultraviolet source to another, the lights are switched by a commutator-like assembly rotated by a synchronous motor.
The medical title of "Lobar Ventilation In Man" by Drs. C. J. Martin and A. C. Young, covers a brief paper which is one part of a much larger effort to apply electronics to the study of the respiratory process.
One simple method of measuring the expansion of the heart is to tie a thin rubber tube, filled with mercury, around the heart and record the change in resistance as the tube is stretched.
The latter measures the heat carried away by the bloodstream as an indication of the velocity of the blood flow.
A refinement of this technique has been described by Drs. Zworykin and Farrar and Mr. Berkely of the Medical Electronics Center of the Rockefeller Institute.
Various methods of pulsing, scanning, and displaying these sound waves are used to detect submarines, map ocean floors, and even communicate under water.
A typical "sonogram" of a human eye, together with a description of the anatomical parts, is shown in Fig. 5.
He was born in the small Danish town of Rudkoebing on the island of Langeland in the south-central part of Denmark on August 14, 1777.
At 12, Hans was sufficiently mature to help his father in the apothecary shop, which helped stimulate his interest in medicine and science.
In this third year at the university, Hans, in 1797, was awarded the first important token of recognition, a gold medal for his essay on "Limits Of Poetry And Prose".
From Gottingen (1801) where he stayed for 10 days, he wrote, "The first question asked everywhere is about galvanism.
This we might well witness".
In the following year, 1803, Oersted, simultaneously with Davy, discovered that acids increased the strength of a voltaic battery more than did salts.
The great resemblance between electrical and magnetic attractions and repulsions and the similarity of their laws necessarily would bring about this comparison.
His plan and intent were clearly charted.
the association between electric (both electrostatic and voltaic) forces and magnetic forces had been recognized by investigators for many decades.
The target chart quickly and briefly tells you which additives do what.
Increases rate of gain and improves feed efficiency, aids in the prevention or treatment (depending on level fed) of the early stages of shipping fever, prevents or treats bacterial diarrhea, and aids in reducing incidence of bloat and liver abscesses.
-- As an aid in reducing incidence and severity of bloat, provide 75 milligrams of oxytetracycline hydrochloride per animal daily.
Chlortetracycline (Aureomycin) what it does:
To aid in the prevention of anaplasmosis, feed not less than 0.5 milligram per pound of body weight daily.
An aid in getting cattle and sheep on full feed, in improving feed conversion and growth, in reducing bloat and founder, and in controlling scours.
Diethylstilbestrol.
Sheep fattening rations
At the rate of 2-1/2 milligrams per head per day.
Drug's chemical name:
What it does:
Aids in preventing foamy bloat.
Treat cattle with 10 grams per 100 pounds body weight with a maximum of 70 grams per animal.
Drug's chemical name:
How to feed:
Dried rumen bacteria.
For prevention of ketosis, feed 1/4 pound per head daily for 6 weeks commencing at calving time.
Additive should not be fed 72 hours before animals are slaughtered.
Animals eat only from one side, so the fence-line bunk must be twice as long as the mechanical bunk.
Given this kind of business climate, what competitive marketing problems will your company face in the next 10 yrs.?
Has the probable price situation in your field been forecast as a basis for future planning?
First, most products tend to become more complex.
Your competition is now proportionately greater -- you are competing not only against manufacturers in the same field but also against a vast array of manufacturers of other appealing consumer products.
The change may require different products, pricing, packaging, warehousing, salesmanship, advertising and executive attention -- practically every link in the marketing network may have to be adjusted.
If private brand competition hasn't been felt in your product field as yet, have you thought how you will cope with it if and when it does appear?
Higher costs of distribution generally.
In one company covering the country with a high-quality sales force of 10 men, the president personally phones each major account every 6 mos.
Practically all forecasts mention new and exciting products on the horizon.
and translate the whole into profit and loss and balance sheet figures which management can act on with some assurance?
Have you estimated your sales manpower needs for the future (both quantitatively and qualitatively)?
"Hip-pocket" tactics are going to be harder to apply.
If companies will take the time to give objective consideration to their major problems and to the questions they provoke, then a long constructive step will have been taken toward more effective marketing in next decade.
An examination of some forty catalogs of schools offering courses in interior design, for the most part schools accredited by membership in the National Association of Schools of Art, and a further "on the spot" inspection of a number of schools, show their courses adhere pretty closely to the recommendations.
In addition to this the U. S. Civil Service Bureau, when examining applicants for government positions as interior designers, expects that "when various needed objects are not obtainable on the market he will design them.
as in a recent design competition with a floor plan and the simple command -- "design a luxury apartment";
Consultation with architects, clients, real estate men, fabric houses and furniture companies is essential to the proper development of class problems just as in actual work.
The professor in turn dares not tolerate the influence in his classes of an organization in the policies and standards of which he has no voice.
No one can deny that these "back door" admissions to membership provisions have been seriously abused nor that they have not resulted in the admission of downright incompetents to membership in supposedly learned societies.
In all "degree" courses in interior design a number of "academic" or "general studies" courses are included.
Most professors in the course must, naturally, again have a higher degree than the course offers.
General
Has your attitude toward employee benefits encouraged an excess of free "government" work in your plant?
Can your insurance company aid you in reducing administrative costs?
Have you considered using vending equipment to replace or reduce the number of cafeteria employees?
Have you audited your program recently to weed out those phases that draw least participation?
If you use parking attendants, can they be replaced by automatic parking gates?
Do you insist that unneeded salary employees take their vacations during plant shutdowns?
Can your plant nurse be replaced by a trained first-aid man who works full-time on some other assignment?
In what section of the country are you located?
Encourage them to exercise their benefits.
Check to see if some of your benefits -- such as on-the-job disability pay -- can be put on a direct payment rather than an insured basis at a savings to you.
Thus, you avoid headaches when an employee wants off for his fourth cousin's funeral.
And so deadheads on the payroll can be eased out at the earliest possible age.
Make sure you don't pay for holidays that occur when an employee would not otherwise be working.
Latest models serve hot meals at reasonable prices, and at a profit to you.
Also make sure you have reasonable requirements as to hours worked before a production employee is entitled to a vacation.
And millions of rounds of entirely new and modern small-arms ammunition, designed for today's hunting and target shooting.
This meeting was called to determine how these groups might cooperate to launch what is known as the Outdoor Education Project.
Teen Hunter Clubs were initially sponsored by affiliated members of the Allied Merchandising Corporation.
Help is needed from dealers, at the grass-roots level.
This beach campground with no trees or hills presents a constant camping show with all manner of equipment in actual use.
You read various guesses on how many Americans are camping.
The National Park Service hopes by 1966 to have 30,000 campsites available for 100,000 campers a day -- almost twice what there are at present.
Camping is family fun, and it is helping more Americans see more of the country than they ever saw before.
Long weekends enable many to get away from home for three or four days several times a year.
It's fun, and it's easy -- so easy that there is time left after cooking, and tent keeping, for the women to get out and enjoy outdoor fun with their families.
and much more commonly in recent years, the engineer who found that other duties interfered with -- or eliminated -- his engineering contributions.
All grades of management seek more resounding titles and incomes because of social pressures.
Nobody should be more able to answer the questions on this score than engineering vice-presidents and chief engineers.
Also, moving into a managerial position does not necessarily end a man's recognition as a technical expert.
Senior Electrical Engineer,
The expectation is that first-level supervisors will be selected in approximately equal numbers from the second and third engineering level, with very few coming from the first level.
and many are engineers who have been advanced from the divisions.
One way to formalize this is in the job structure.
The primary deterrent appears to lie with the technical people themselves, and their concept of what constitutes status in present-day society.
and an administrative organization to take the routine load away from department managers and project engineers as much as possible, thus allowing them more time for strictly technical work.
We have two media for publicizing individual technical activity, a magazine widely distributed both within and without the company, and an information bulletin for engineering personnel distributed to the homes of all engineers.
Contrary to usual organization-position evaluations, the position to which research-staff members report administratively will not necessarily encompass the duties of the research-staff member, therefore, are not necessarily evaluated as highly.
Vice-president is Louis Berkman and the secretary-treasurer is Mark Ritter.
Called a "Slo-Flo" meter it was designed for this job by Power Plus Industries of Los Angeles, a key individual being Don Nelson.
In other words, the whole storage and pipeline system does not belong to the homeowners nor to the town but rather to Tri-State.
Again, the oil man must read the meters at such intervals as he finds best.
The Government housing agencies consider it feasible with one special stipulation.
The job of getting property easements and street easements and the acre for the tanks would become pretty discouraging.
The big tanks were at the site but still sunning themselves.
The rust inhibitors in the fluid are used up after one year, and you don't want to risk the rust that two years'use could mean.
If you use one of the new year-round cooling system fluids such as "Dowguard" be sure to check it.
There's a good chance you are doubling on some coverage, not taking discounts coming to you and not cutting some corners that can be cut.
This applies to repair work of winter storage.
Many of today's developments in thermoforming stem from original work done with signs and displays;
Evidence of this trend can best be seen in the recent activities of such leading companies in the field as Advance Neon Sign Co., Los Angeles, Calif.
2.
Vacuum- and pressure-formed sheet plastics fill the gap between cardboard and molded plastics.
For outdoor signs and displays, acrylic, with its outstanding optical characteristics, weather resistance and formability, strongly dominates the picture.
Thermoforming the laminate and then sanding away the top layer is a quick and economical way to produce a two-color sign.
The essential difference between the new trans-illuminated boards and existing billboards is that the former, constructed of translucent plastic panels, are lighted from within.
Trans-illuminated signs also show versatility in other directions.
Perhaps the best way to indicate the versatility of design that characterizes the use of plastics in signs and displays would be to look at what is happening in only one of the areas in this complex field -- changeable signs.
For example, in a typical store installation, fifty 24-in. and six 36-in. red acrylic letters were mounted against a white painted wood background.
This vacuum formed sign is comprised of 27-in. (or smaller) panels formed of 0.080-in. clear butyrate sheet stock, masked and sprayed on the rear side.
position your components before you close them in.
that way you may pay more to shim the window into place than you paid for the window.
This revolution is the biggest build-better-for-less news of all, because: 1.
Instead of closing the house in first (as most builders do) you can now cut your costs by not closing it in until you have to (see p 121).
"Only one lumber dealer in ten is equipped to handle unit loads;
Almost all of the 3,000 lumber dealers who cater primarily to the new-house market and supply 90% of this year's new houses are mechanized.
Of these, 376 said they make no extra charge for strapping in standard units, because they save enough on mechanized carloading to offset their strapping cost.
7.
And it helps the builder because it can handle a more efficiently packaged load, can deliver it to the best spot (in some cases, right on the roof or inside the house), and never takes any of the builder's high-priced labor to help unload it.
A midwestern builder cut his labor costs per thousand bricks from $81 to $43.50 by adopting this same process, cut them another $7.50 to $36 by buying his bricks in convenient, easy-to-spot 100-brick packages.
Don't waste any $.10-a-minute time on green lumber to save $.03 a stud
If you've travelled in Europe a time or two, it is quite certain that you've had that wanting-to-be-alone feeling or that you will get it on your next visit across the Atlantic.
For those who need or want and can afford another car, buying one and driving it on the grand tour, then shipping it home, is one popular plan for a do-it-yourself pilgrimage.
For those who plan to travel to Europe by one route and return by another some agencies offer a service whereby you can pick up a car in one city on arrival and leave it in another city, or even another country, when you are ready to return home.
There are as many rates as there are countries and models of cars available.
The investigation will be well worth your time.
Rates for American cars are somewhat higher, ranging from about $8.00 a day up to $14.00 a day for a Chevrolet Convertible, but the rate per kilometer driven is roughly the same as for the larger European models.
For one thing, the driver usually sees less and has less fun than his passengers since it becomes pretty necessary for him to keep at least one eye on the road.
This will include your helpful, English-speaking chauffeur and a drive of an average of 150 kilometers in any one day.
In other words, like automation machines designed to work in tandem, they shared the same programming, a mutual understanding not only of English words, but of the four stresses, pitches, and junctures that can change their meaning from black to white.
To the trained ear of the linguist, talk has always revealed a staggering quantity of information about the talker -- such things as geographical origin and/or history, socio-economic identity, education.
Even less regard for mom and mom's apple pie goes with: Af In other words, the way the speaker relates to mother is clearly indicated.
By adding a systematic analysis with symbols to the typed transcripts of interviews, they have supplied a new set of techniques for the therapist.
Consequently, it is referred to the therapist for attention.
Since the psychiatric interview, like any other interview, depends on communication, it is significant to note that the therapist in this interview was a man of marked skill and long experience.
On the other hand significant facts may be concealed -- she may mean I or everybody, as it did with the tense and irritable woman mentioned before, may refer to a specific person.
If anyone thought of the John Harvey, it was to observe that she was straddled by a pair of ships heavily laden with high explosive and if they were hit the John Harvey would likely be blown up with her own ammo and whatever else it was that she carried.
I have been loath to believe that any nation, even our present enemies, could or would be willing to loose upon mankind such terrible and inhumane weapons.
A detachment of six men from the 701st Chemical Maintenance Company under First Lt. Howard D. Beckstrom went aboard, followed by Lt. Thomas H. Richardson, the Cargo Security Officer.
Two days later, some 30 of them had struck at a convoy off Bougie, sinking a troopship -- and it had been that very night that the Me-210 had made its first appearance.
For Jenks knew that Bari's defenses were made of paper.
"It's up to you to protect yourselves.
Below decks, Seaman 1/c Stanley Bishop had begun to write a letter home.
Nine of them had gone down the gangplank already.
Capt. Michael A. Musmanno, Military governor of the Sorrentine Peninsula, had also seen and felt the "rain".
But how could --?
They had come from airports in the Balkans, these hundred-odd Junkers 88's.
John Bascom went down early, too.
There is a pause in the merriment as your friends gaze at you, wondering why you are staring, open-mouthed in amazement.
Rudyard Kipling's scorn for the "jargon" of psychical research was altered somewhat when he wondered "how, or why, had I been shown an unreleased roll of my life film"?
I am sure that nothing within me is capable of composing that life-like sequence, so complete in detail, from the hodge-podge of news pictures I have seen.
There is nothing to suggest that the brain can alter past impressions to fit into an original, realistic and unbroken continuity like we experience in dreams.
Modern physics has developed the theory that all matter consists of minute waves of energy.
Consciousness is the factor that provides the progressive continuity to sensory impressions.
Which theory is more fantastic: 1.
After the preliminary business affair was finished Depew arose and delivered the convincing speech that clinched the nomination for Roosevelt.
Situated in a region of some of the loveliest mountain scenery in the country, the school buildings are located amid open fields and farm lands.
Throughout the Adirondack region abandoned farm homes and wild orchards bear ghostly testimony that their owners met defeat.
It was applied with a compost shredder made from a converted manure spreader.
There is never enough corn, peas or strawberries.
Homemade bread
The bread baked from this mixture is light in color and fragrant in aroma.
When they leave for vacations they miss the hot cereal.
Sometimes sprouted wheat is added to bread and causes the children to remark, "Lillian, did you put nuts in the bread today"?
Apples come from a farm in Vermont where they are not sprayed.
pitchers of water merely appear on the tables.
Maple syrup is made by the children in the woods on the school grounds.
The cost to feed one person is just under one dollar a day.
Wires whined as a cold November blast rocked the silver wings, but the engine roar was reassuring to the pilot bundled in the open cockpit.
The state's railroad system counted miles of broken bridges and missing rights-of-way: it would obviously remain out of commission for weeks.
Over in Barre the streets had been deep in swirling water, and bridges were crumpled and gone.
During the excitement following Lindbergh's flight to Paris earlier in 1927, dare devil aviators overnight became legendary heroes.
Between the unsafe Towne field and the long roundabout back road haul that was necessary to gain access to Wilson flat, arrangements at the state capital were far from satisfactory.
With a wary eye on the farmer's bull, Fred Somers of Montpelier and Mr. St. John marked the field with a red table cloth.
The airman's stock answer to "Weren't you cold"?
Sometimes the pilot had to turn back if fully blocked by fog, but 85% of his trips were completed.
Usually back in Concord by noon, there was just time to get partially thawed out, refuel, and grab a bit of Mrs. Fogg's hot broth before starting the second trip.
How did I get to be sixty-five so fast?
So, now what?
What am I going to do?
It is the way you were taught and your way of life.
Now, looming on the horizon are such things as estimated totals, calculated risks and I.B.M. machines.
You had your day and it was a good day.
Well, whatever you have, that's it!
One thing, I am sure of, you must get an interest in life.
I, frankly, can't draw a straight line.
Where sewing is concerned, I'm a total loss.
Some people can carve most anything out of a piece of wood.
This gives you a wide and varied choice.
I can hear some of you folks protesting.
As for me, I am holding in reserve two huge puzzles (I love puzzles) to put together when time hangs heavy on my hands.
What does it mean to be creative, a term we hear with increasing frequency these days?
It has been truly said that anything man can imagine he can produce or create by projecting this inner image into its counterpart in the objective world.
So far in history man has been too greatly over-occupied with projecting things into his environment rather than first creating the sort of person who can make the highest use of the things he has created.
That is, locking the room or stateroom door gives privacy of location, but it is equally important to be sure there is time enough for an utterly unhurried fulfillment.
As might be expected, girls in this situation bleed very little and perhaps not at all in the process of losing their virginity.
Is it necessary to add to the other tensions the hazard of making the loving husband the one who brought pain to his bride?
The advantages of dilatation by the physician are both physical and psychological.
The importance of loving tenderness is obvious.
In fact, the technical procedure in medical examinations may be wisely adapted to his romantic purposes by the husband during the honeymoon.
This is a very common experience and should in no way discourage or dishearten either husband or wife.
Only under rare circumstances would a bride experience an orgasm during her first intercourse.
Attempts at censorship always involve and reveal such complex and multiple individual reactions.
But marriage experts say that such mutual contribution and mutual joy are seldom achieved.
Of course, there remain many "old-fashioned" marriages in which the husband maintains his supremacy.
Yet many psychologists and marriage counselors agree that domination of the sex relationship by one partner or the other can be unhealthy and even dangerous.
To win her favors, her husband first took an additional job, then desperately began to embezzle from his employer.
Experts say the partners in marriages like these can almost be typed.
Unless her husband also desires sex, the act cannot be consummated.
One such man once confided to Dr. Theodor Reik, New York psychiatrist, that he preferred to have his wife the sexual aggressor.
When was the turning point?
And an additional factor was helping to make women more sexually self-assertive -- the comparatively recent discovery of the true depths of female desire and response.
One such wife, Dr. Linden says, became disgusted with her weak husband and flurried through a series of extramarital affairs in the hope of finding a stronger man.
"As long as the couple is in agreement in their approach to sex, it makes little difference if one or the other dominates", Dr. Calderone declares.
Houston police gave her a third, less flamboyant, title, prostitute.
She had been moving in cafe society as Lady Diana Harrington, a name that made some of the gossip columns.
"We have checked her in different parts of Europe and Egypt and finally back into this country.
She came to New York from Detroit as a teenager, but with a "sponsor" instead of a chaperone.
The audition was held a few minutes later in somebody's apartment.
One who needed no such threats was a French financier.
The luxury of Paris'most fashionable hotel, the George 5, bored the beautifully-built blonde, so she high-tailed it to Rome.
No charges were filed".
"It was a strange relationship.
"So extensive became her circle of admirers", Egyptian police said, "that her escapades caused distrust".
With the end of the trial Diane disappeared from New York.
He had been in the apartment two days and was hazy about what had happened during that time.
At least she never knew what the bottom was like".
Franklin D. Lee proved a man of prompt action when Mrs. Claire Shaefer, accompanied by a friend, visited him in Bakersfield, California, several months ago as a prospective patient.
For that reason, he informed her, the Lord made the sky blue.
He urged her to buy one of his machines -- for $300.
For Mrs. Shaefer -- who had been given a clean bill of health by her own physician at the time she visited Lee -- and her friend were agents for the California Pure Food and Drug Inspection Bureau.
The gadget faker operates or sells his phony machines for $5 to $10,000 -- anything the traffic will bear.
You will come up with a frightening total.
Typically, Sarah Gross and Mr. A both lost more than their money as the result of their experiences with their Cleveland quacks.
Yes, Tom caught it in time to stay alive.
Carroll diagnosed Mrs. Hull by taking a drop of blood from her ear and putting it on his "radionic" machine and twirling some knobs (fee $50).
By no means are these isolated cases.
The victims of the quacks are frequently poor people, like Mr. A., who scrape up their life savings to offer as a sacrifice to Doctor Fraud's avarice.
"The majority of children in the United States could benefit by some form of orthodontic treatment", says Dr. Allan G. Brodie, professor and head of the department of orthodontics at the University of Illinois and a nationally recognized authority in his field.
These two basic malformations have, of course, many variations.
Tooth deformity may be the result of excessive thumb- or finger-sucking, tongue-thrusting, or lip-sucking -- but it's important to remember that there's a difference between normal and excessive sucking habits.
In certain cases, as in Dick Stewart's, a child's personality is affected.
"most orthodontic work is done on children between the ages of 10 and 14, though there have been patients as young as two and as old as 55", says Dr. Brodie.
This must be done at the rate at which new bony tissue grows, and no faster.
But because teeth sometimes may drift back to their original position, a retaining appliance is used to lock them in place.
Work that might cost $500 to $750 in the South could cost $750 to $1,200 in New York City or Chicago.
Some municipal agencies will pay for orthodontic treatment for children of needy parents.
Now a dentist can recommend extraction immediately.
Plaster of Paris, once utilized in making impressions of teeth, has been replaced by alginates (gelatin-like material) that work quickly and accurately and with least discomfort to a child.
After a while there come initials and names, and he is interested to hear some rather unusual family nicknames.
The mediums with whom the Parapsychology Foundation is working in this experiment are in a waking or only slightly dissociated state, so that the sitter can make comments, ask and answer questions, instead of talking with a "control" who speaks through an entranced sensitive.
As was noted earlier, it is important that in valid, objective study of this sort of communication, the interested sitter should be separated from the sensitive.
He gives this to the medium at the appointed time, and the reading then will be concerned with material about or messages from the communicator.
And even more complex items can be interpreted to conform to one's own point of view, which is by nature so personal.
He died of typhoid in 1921".
Or, on the other hand, are unlikely facts being stated, facts which are in themselves significant and not easily applicable to everybody?
Does she accurately give dates, ages, kind of occupation?
If asked how she gets her impressions, she probably can only say that she "just gets them" -- some more vividly than others.
But this did not necessarily refer to an actual jail;
The worker who lives on a farm cannot change jobs readily.
Sickness or loss of some of the livestock may cut into the owner's earnings, even into his capital.
The farm may be an additional burden if the main job is lost.
For some retired persons, part-time farming is a good way to supplement retirement income.
Part-time farming can take comparatively little land, labor, and equipment -- or a great deal.
The cost of land and the prospects for appreciation in value may influence your decision.
You may want to include your own regular vacation period if you have one.
You can keep your machinery investment down by buying good secondhand machinery, by sharing the cost and upkeep of machinery with a neighbor, and by hiring someone with machinery to do certain jobs.
--
--
You may have to provide them yourself or get along without them.
Small areas that aren't right for a certain crop may lie next to areas that are well suited to that crop.
Decide first what the place is worth to you and your family as a home in comparison with what it would cost to live in town.
It may be hard to decide what this labor is worth, but charge something for it.
Counsel for the defense, however, shrewdly allowing himself to be swept by the current of dreadful recollections, rarely raised an objection.
The Eichmann case looked to the past, not to the future.
One who could be linked to anti-Semitism only by overcoming his objections is scarcely a good specimen of the Jew-baiter throughout the ages.
If anti-Semitism was on trial in Jerusalem, why was it not identified, and with enough emphasis to capture the notice of the world press, in its connection with the activities of Eichmann's Department of Jewish Affairs, as exemplified by the betrayal and murder of Jews by non-police and non-party anti-Semites in Germany, as well as in Poland, Czechoslovakia, Hungary?
No doubt many of the citizens of the Third Reich had conceived their anti-Semitism as an "innocent" dislike of Jews, as do others like them today.
clinging to the enemy-Jew idea, he is forced to overcome habits of politeness and neighborliness;
It is already difficult to recall how little we knew before the Trial of what had been done to the Jews of Europe.
Immediately, the religious groups of the city were embroiled in an angry dispute over the alleged invasion of a man's right to freedom of religious belief and conscience.
The second step is to recognize the substantial agreement -- frequently blurred by emotionalism and inaccurate newspaper reporting -- already existing between Catholics and Non-Catholics concerning the over-all objectives of family planning.
The Church considers this to be the method provided by nature and its divine Author: It involves no frustration of nature's laws, but simply an intelligent and disciplined use of them.
Let it be granted then that the theological differences in this area between Protestants and Roman Catholics appear to be irreconcilable.
The attempt to enforce that belief ushered in a reign of bootleggers, racketeers, hijackers and gangsters that led to a breakdown of law unparalleled in our history.
One is the primary purpose for which marriage exists, namely, the continuance of the race through the gift and heritage of children;
What determines the morality, they state, is not the means used, but the motive In general, the means (excluding abortion) that prove most effective are considered the most ethical.
To try to oppose the general religious and moral conviction of such a majority by a legislative fiat would be to invite the same breakdown of law and order that was occasioned by the ill-starred Prohibition experiment.
The man who now commanded her had started the voyage as an ordinary seaman.
Second, they believed it important to determine the fate of the captain -- a man whose name is permanently stamped on our maps, on American towns and counties, on a great American river, and on half a million square miles of Arctic seas.
When the Half Moon put in at Dartmouth, England, in the fall of 1609, word of Hudson's findings leaked out, and English interest in him revived.
Nearly twenty-five years before, Captain John Davis had noted, as he sailed near the Arctic Circle, "a very great gulf, the water whirling and roaring, as it were the meeting of tides".
On the third voyage, a near-mutiny rising from a quarrel between Dutch and English crew members on the Half Moon had almost forced him to head the ship back to Amsterdam in Mid-Atlantic.
He was a Londoner, married, with three sons.
The subsequent two-weeks wait made the crew quarrelsome.
After finding that its coasts led nowhere, however, he turned north again, toward the main, ice-filled passageway -- and the crew, at first uneasy, then frightened, rebelled.
Up spoke carpenter Staffe, who said he wouldn't give ten pounds to be home.
After three weeks'swift sailing, however, the ship entered an area of shallow marshes and river deltas.
Once more, Juet's complaints were the loudest.
The new mate was Robert Bylot, talented but inexperienced.
Having achieved this end, he was able to buy 116,000 square miles in the valleys of the Red and Assiniboine rivers.
When late in the summer the full extent of the damage was assessed, all but fifty of the Scots, Swiss and metis moved up the Red to the mouth of the Pembina river.
They were held together by pegs and withes and in later times drawn by a single ox in thills.
With these completed and ice gone from the St. Peter's River (present-day Minnesota river) their 250 bushels of wheat, 100 bushels of oats and barley and 30 bushels of peas and some chickens were loaded onto the flat-bottomed boats and rowed up the river to Big Stone Lake, across into Lake Traverse, and down the Red.
He set out on his 700-mile return journey with five families of discontented and disappointed Swiss who turned their eyes toward the United States.
They would attempt to bring supplies from St. Louis or Prairie Du Chien at "great expense as well as danger".
Its people, including Pierre Bottineau and other American Fur Company employees and the refugees from Fort Garry, were joined by the remaining Scots and Swiss from Fort Snelling when Major Joseph Plympton expelled them from the reservation in May 1840.
This trade was subject to a tariff of 7.5 per cent after February 1835, but much was smuggled into Assiniboia with the result that the duty was reduced by 1841 to 4 per cent on the initiative of the London committee.
A second reported that the dilapidated houses in Virginia "look like the latter end of original sin and hard times".
After he had been away from home about a year he wrote: "(dear Wife) if I did not write and receive letters from you I believe that I would forgit that I was married.
One of the most common of camp maladies was diarrhoea.
The letters which poured forth from camps were usually written under adverse circumstances.
Another Reb writing under similar circumstances before Atlanta reported: "the Yankees keep shooting so I am afraid they will knock over my ink, so I will close".
Owing to the restrained usages characteristic of 19th-century America, these letters usually were stereotyped and revealed little depth of feeling.
I think you made a dam good chouise to turn off as nise a feler as Alf Dyer and let that orney thefin, drunkard, damed card playing sun of a bich com to sea you, the god damed theaf and lop yeard pigen tode helion, he is too orney for hel.
An Alabamian wrote: "Col. Henry is (an ignoramus) fit for nothing higher than the cultivation of corn".
Private George Gray Hunter of Pennsylvania wrote: "I am well convinced in my own mind that had it not been for officers this war would have ended long ago".
" Private Jenkins Lloyd Jones of the Wisconsin Light Artillery wrote in his diary: "I strolled among the Alabamans on the right, found some of the greenest specimens of humanity I think in the universe, their ignorance being little less than the slave they despise with as imperfect a dialect.
Its folklore and legend, usually disguised as history, are allowed to account for group actions, to provide a focal point for group loyalty, and to become a cohesive force for national identification.
In America, such self-deception has served a particularly useful purpose.
Folklore is individually created art that a homogeneous group of people preserve, vary and recreate through oral transmission.
From all this we can now see that two streams of development run through the history of twentieth-century American folklore.
They have little "esprit de corps".
Both are primarily concerned with the uses that can be made of the material that the collector has found.
As a result, most people don't have more than a vague idea what folklore actually is;
When he gets the answers to his questions he will be discouraged.
Nevertheless, with a reading public that longs for the "good old days" and with an awareness of our expanding international interests, it is easy for the Benets to obtain a magnified position in literature by use of all sorts of Americana, real or fake, and it is easy for the Steinbecks and Sandburgs to support their messages of reform by reading messages of reform into the minds of the folk.
He had no apparent comprehension of morality;
At the age of ten, when he was working as a newsboy in the Loop, he was knocked down by a streetcar which resulted in his permanently shortened leg.
On one of his 1921 ventures he was actually come upon by a Detective Sergeant John J. Ryan down on his knees with a tool embedded in a labour office safe in the Postal Telegraph Building;
But as November 1924 drew close the Democratic hierarchy was sorely troubled by grapevine reports that O'Banion was being wooed by the opposition, and was meeting and conferring with important Republicans.
There was a brief interruption while one of O'Banion's men jerked out both his guns and threatened to shoot a waiter who was pestering him for a tip.
He behaved publicly with a cocky, swaggering truculence that offended their vulpine Latin minds, and behaved towards them personally with an unimpressed insolence that enraged them beneath their blandness.
One of the beer-runners telephoned O'Banion -- on a line tapped by the detective bureau -- and reported the situation.
When, as a diplomatic gesture of amity and in payment for the loan of gunmen in the April election, Torrio had given O'Banion a slice of Cicero, the profits from that district had been $20,000 a month.
These 1750 cases were carted off in a one-night operation by the O'Banion men, who left in their stead the same number of barrels filled with water.
they are far more common in the Pacific.
While a wind wave never travels at more than 60 miles per hour, the velocity of a tsunami in the open sea must be reckoned in hundreds of miles per hour.
The giant waves are more dangerous on flat shores than on steep ones.
A tsunami is not a single wave but a series.
In Hilo Bay they were from 21 to 26 feet high.
It consists of a series of pipes and a pressure-measuring chamber which record the rise and fall of the water surface.
All of these activities are geared to a top-priority communication system, and practice tests have been held to assure that everything will work smoothly.
There is little doubt that the warning system saved lives and reduced the damage.
and everywhere can be found scars of earlier breaks once deeply buried.
(2) If earthquakes do occur at such depths, why not deeper?
The cry "Garryowen"!
The next thing he knew he was reporting for duty as commanding officer of Troop H, 7th Cavalry, in the middle of corps maneuvers in Japan.
He had enlisted in the Army straight out of high school and had immediately set about learning his new trade.
For example, it was a battalion of the 7th Cavalry under Colonel George Armstrong Custer that had been wiped out at the Battle of The Little Big Horn.
And when the singing began, it was the Gouldings who sang the old Irish songs the best.
So Mel Chandler set out to sell him on the spirit of Garryowen, just as he himself had been sold a short time before.
The enemy had filtered across the river during the night and a full force of 1000 men, armed with Russian machine guns, attacked the position held by Chandler's men.
Then Mel Chandler started up the hill.
But an enemy grenade hit Carroll in the head and detonated simultaneously.
But the bullets whacked home before he finished his battle cry and Marvin Goulding fell dead.
Today he is a major -- in the Regular Army.
Although it was at the Battle of The Little Horn, about which more words have been written than any other battle in American history, that the 7th Cavalry first made its mark in history, the regiment was ten years old by then.
I speak of "the largest possible measure" because any person who supposes that these conditions can be universally and perfectly achieved -- ever -- reckons without the inherent imperfectability of himself and his fellow human beings, and is therefore a dangerous man to have around.
Peace is a worthy objective;
The uses of power
You may have misgivings about certain aspects of our military establishment -- I certainly do -- but you know any comparison of over-all American strength with over-all Soviet strength finds the United States not only superior, but so superior both in present weapons and in the development of new ones that our advantage promises to be a permanent feature of U.S.-Soviet relations for the foreseeable future.
The contention needs to be formulated with much greater precision than it ever was during the campaign, but once that has been done, I fail to see how any serious student of world affairs can quarrel with it.
but it becomes very important if foreign peoples react the way human beings typically do -- namely, by taking steps to end up on what appears to be the winning side.
The Soviets understand, moreover, that the first step in turning a country toward Communism is to turn it against the West.
Indonesia, in the early days of the Republic, leaned toward the West.
Today it is up for grabs.
There was the revolution in Tibet which we pretended did not exist.
Amid the crackle of small arms and automatic weapons, I heard the thumping of mortars.
"Please", she said, "please".
There had been an eclipse of the moon.
Mortars had demolished the defense ministry and set fire to the American Embassy next door.
Nobody can tell more closely how many villages there are.
He spoke of the season of dryness and dust, brought by the monsoon from the northeast, in harmony with the season of rain and mud, brought by the monsoon from the southwest.
We were there at a moment when the situation in Laos threatened to ignite another war among the world's giants.
He had attended three universities in the United States.
Now Pathet Lao propagandists were reported marching him barefoot from village to village, as evidence of evil American intervention.
In Keng Kok, the City of Silkworms, the Prime Minister bought fried chickens and fried cicadas, and two notebooks for me.
John, an engineer and anthropologist with a doctorate from the London School of Economics, headed the rural development division of USOM, the United States Operations Mission administering U.S. aid.
Now they learn that men can change their surroundings, through their traditional village elders, without violence.
Crossing the 4,000-foot width of the Mekong at Champassak, on a raft with an outboard motor, we took off our dusty shirts and enjoyed a veritable ocean breeze.
The candles were lighted, and we sat on split-bamboo mats among the village notables.
It had a festering hole as big as a silver dollar.
But you don't have to worship in the traditional way.
to get happiness for yourself -- 28 per cent;
Most of the teen-agers I interviewed rejected it on pragmatic grounds.
This may help explain a phenomenon described by a small-town Jewish boy.
"People automatically assume that I'm in college", a nineteen-year-old machinist observed irritably.
Typically, in a lower-middle class Jewish family, a son will be sent to an out-of-town school, if financial resources warrant it, while the daughter will attend the local college.
They have a sense of marginality at being denied that special badge of status, the out-of-town school.
"They don't like it if I do anything away from home.
First, the student trains on his hapless parents the heavy artillery of his newly acquired psychological and sociological insights.
It is interesting that, although the percentage of married students is not appreciably higher at Brooklyn than elsewhere -- about 30 per cent of the women and 25 per cent of the men in the graduating class -- the anxiety of the unmarried has puffed up the estimate.
Brooklyn College is distinctive for not having an official drinking place.
Bruises and black eyes were relieved by application of raw beefsteak.
One man, badly burned about the face and eyes by an arc welding torch, was blinded and could not find a doctor at the time.
there is scarcely a scar showing.
Until quite recently, "sterile" maggots could be bought to apply to a wound;
This might be applied to the top of the nose or the back of the neck, pressed on the upper lip, or inserted into the nostril (cotton was usually used in this last).
"get a bite, spit on it" was a proverb.
A handier remedy was to bathe the painful part in strong soapy water;
A cinder or other small object could be removed from the eye by placing a flaxseed in the eye.
Six treatments cured one case which lasted a month and had defied other remedies.
One veracious woman tells me she has used thin potato parings for both corns and calluses on her feet and they remove the pain or "fire".
A simpler method was to tie a thread tightly around the wart at its base and wear it this way.
This does give relief, as I can testify.
A good negociant or shipper will not only be the man or the firm which has cornered the wines from the best vineyards, or the best parts of them;
Most of them, the world over, operate on the same principle by which justice is administered in France and some other Latin countries: the customer is to be considered guilty of abysmal ignorance until proven otherwise, with the burden of proof on the customer himself.
It does no harm for wine to stand on end for a matter of days, but in terms of months and years it is fatal.
Prolonged vibration is also undesirable;
Though by no means an ideal procedure, a red wine may similarly be brought from the cellar to the dining room and opened twenty minutes or so before serving time.
Thus, Sauternes or Barsacs should be very cold;
By tradition, a red wine should be served at approximately room temperature -- if anything a little cooler -- and be aged enough for the tannin and acids to have worked out and the sediment have settled well.
it may also be -- practically speaking -- a matter of good economy.
Giffen lost no time in visiting the plantation.
The suggestion that Giffen hire out the slaves was not realistic, since no planter would take the risk of having Negroes who knew they were to be free living with his own slaves.
Knowing the antipathy that existed in Louisiana against increasing the number of free Negroes, Giffen suggested that Palfrey bring them to Boston at once, and then send them on to Liberia.
Old Sam's sixty-five years had reduced his value to $150;
Palfrey petitioned the state legislature to waive the requirement.
Palfrey told his wife of his intentions for the first time, and left for New Orleans apprehensively invoking a special blessing of Providence that he might be allowed to see his family again.
The memory of this southern hospitality did not survive the trials of coming antislavery years and Civil War.
William's threat that under no conditions would he allow "freedom-conscious" slaves to mix with his own was not carried out, for the plantation continued in operation as before.
the new owner at Attakapas declined to enter into any philanthropic arrangement.
An eyewitness recalled how awkward the red-turbaned colored women appeared as they curtseyed in the church doorway, and the diffidence the former slaves displayed while they listened to the few words that declared them free.
)
One of the President's special assistants, the Harvard dean McGeorge Bundy, was co-author with Henry L. Stimson of the latter's classic memoir, On Active Service.
At last count, sixteen former Rhodes Scholars (see box on page 13) had been appointed to the Administration, second in number only to its Harvard graduates.
During last year's campaign, Kennedy asked Walton, an utter novice in organization politics, to assist him.
His private dining room has become a way station for visiting intellectuals such as C. P. Snow, Arnold Toynbee, and Aaron Copland.
In the case of the Borglum statue an Interior aide was obliged to announce that there had been a misunderstanding and that the Secretary had no desire to "hustle" it out of Washington.
Not long after moving in she turned up a richly carved desk, hewed from the timbers of the British ship H.M.S. Resolute and presented to President Hayes by Queen Victoria.
A curator has been appointed.
Only a few days after moving into the White House.
The old Belasco Theater, over which many people had grown sentimental, was only a shell of its former self after arduous years as a USO Center.
And the automobiles that stream out of Hanover each weekend, toward Smith and Wellesley and Mount Holyoke, are no less rakish than those leaving Cambridge or West Philadelphia.
She must have looked temptingly pretty to the dean as he put the crown on her head.
Yet Dartmouth still is the dominant member of the Intercollegiate Ski Union, which includes the winter sports colleges of Canada as well as those of this country.
Under the auspices of the Outing Club, Dartmouth also has the Mountaineering Club, which takes on tough climbs like Mount McKinley, and Bait & Bullet, whose interests are self-evident, and even sports a Woodman's Team, which competes with other New England colleges in wood sawing and chopping, canoe races, and the like.
For a time there were two factions on the campus fighting for possession of the student body.
Eleazar, pausing on the Hanover plain, found its great forests and remoteness good and with his own hands built the first College Hall, a log hut dedicated "for the education & instruction of Youth of the Indian Tribes in this Land in reading, writing & all parts of learning which shall appear necessary and expedient for civilizing & christianizing Children of Pagans as well as in all liberal Arts and Sciences;
Future commencements were more decorous perhaps, but the number of graduates increased from the original four at a relatively slow pace.
Over 450 different schools are usually represented in each entering class.
So Dartmouth is moving closer to the others in the Ivy group.
There are, of course, many weaknesses in any case against Emma.
At that time Jennings had a young law associate named Arthur S. Phillips.
These officers found no incriminating information.
Questioned further, Morse said that there had been four or five priests riding on the same car with him.
She said it was after she returned from her vomiting spell in the back yard that Mrs. Borden told her to wash the windows.
Mrs. Borden would have had no reason to disbelieve him and he could have approached close enough to her to swing before she could cry out.
On the other side of the ledger is the fact that he did see his niece and the woman with whom she was staying.
Although Pearson disbelieved almost everything Lizzie said, and read a sinister purpose into almost everything she did, he happily accepted her statement about Bridget as the whole truth.
They have not been friendly for years".
Everyone somehow manages to overlook completely the fact that, as far as we know, there were exactly two people in and about the house at the time of both murders: Lizzie Borden and Bridget Sullivan.
She worked as a domestic, first in Newport for a year, and then in South Bethlehem, Pennsylvania, for another year.
She named 48 items, and said there were "many more things which it would take too long to write".
When her brother Winslow became a student at Brown University in 1874, she wrote him about a course in history he was taking under Professor Diman: "What is Prof. Diman's definition of civilization, and take the world through, is its progress ever onward, or does it retrograde at times?
Lecky and Stanley's Eastern Church.
Winslow Upton after graduation from Brown University and two years of graduate study, accepted a position at the Harvard Observatory.
As a matter of fact, Albert S. Flint expressed his conviction that "her physical strength, her mental power, her lively interest in all objects about her and her readiness to serve her fellow beings" would have led her "to a distinguished career amongst the noted women of this country".
of "her exquisiteness of dress", "her well-modulated voice that went straight to the hearts of the hearers";
Both had eager and inquiring minds;
At the meeting of the Board of Trustees, on March 3, 1910, Miss Upton presented the annual report of the President.
Miss Upton spoke gratefully of the response of Spelman graduates and Negro friends in helping to raise the Fund, and their continuing efforts to raise money for greatly needed current expenses.
and when school closed, she was unable to travel to Massachusetts.
She served as secretary in the Seminary office for 25 years, and was in charge of correspondence, records, and bookkeeping.
Formally organized vocational programs supported by federal funds allow high school students to gain experience in a field of work which is likely to lead to a full-time job on graduation.
Indeed, in some periods of our history and in some neighborhoods the job opportunities have been so good that undoubtedly a great many boys who were potential members of the professions quit school at an early age and went to work.
And the fact remains that there are today few shining examples of Negroes in positions of intellectual leadership.
Vocational education
Those who, because of population mobility and the reputed desire of employers to train their own employees, would limit vocational education to general rather than specific skills ought to bear in mind the importance of motivation in any kind of school experience.
In a sense almost all high school and college courses could be considered as vocational to the extent that later in life the student in his vocation (which may be a profession) will be called upon to use some of the skills developed and the competence obtained.
The reason is that there is a lack of interest on the part of the community.
In a far distant part of the United States, I was talking to an instructor about a boy who in the twelfth grade was doing special work.
Located in a bad slum area now undergoing redevelopment, this school and its program are especially tailored to the vocational aims of its students.
Soybean flour, grits, flakes, "milk", and curd can be bought in the United States.
Most of the grain is fed to swine and dairy cows and lesser amounts to beef cattle and poultry.
These oils develop hard, smooth films when they dry and form resinlike substances.
Liquid fats from all these oilseeds enter into the manufacture of soaps for industry and the household and of glycerin for such industrial uses as making explosives.
The discovery during the Second World War that guar gum was similar to imported locust gum increased its cultivation in western Asia and initiated it in the United States.
Chestnuts are starchy.
the aromatic sassafras nut of South America;
Handmade Christmas wreaths and trees often contain a variety of seeds collected during the year.
White pepper is the ground seed of the common black pepper fruit.
Several soft drinks contain extracts from kola nuts, the seed of the kola tree cultivated in the West Indies and South America.
Cereal grains, oilseeds, and dry beans and peas account for about 57 percent of the farm value of all crops raised.
To keep'em scattered somewhat and yet herd'em was called "loose herdin'".
The cowboy made a technical distinction in reference to the number of them animals.
This term was also used by the cowboy in the sense of a human showin'fight, as one cowhand was heard to say, "He arches his back like a mule in a hailstorm".
A "wet herd" was a herd of cattle made up entirely of cows, while "wet stuff" referred to cows givin'milk.
To stir cattle up and get'em heated and excited was to "mustard the cattle", and the act was called "ginnin' 'em'round", or "chousin' 'em".
The cow, unlike a bull or steer, kept her eyes open and her mind on her business when chargin', and a cow "on the prod" or "on the peck" was feared by the cowhand more than any of his other charges.
It required both a quick and swift hoss and a darin'rider.
A "mealynose" was a cow or steer of the longhorn type, with lines and dots of a color lighter'n the rest of its body'round the eyes, face, and nose.
The countin'of cattle in a pasture without throwin' 'em together for the purpose was called a "pasture count".
"Range delivery" meant that the buyer, after examinin'the seller's ranch records and considerin'his rep'tation for truthfulness, paid for what the seller claimed to own, then rode out and tried to find it.
He stifled the Comanche yell and let John lead him straight toward the nearby black volcanic mountain.
The pack had made a bend to the north, swinging back toward the Reef, and Kearton and Ulyate could hear them faintly.
"That will fetch the gang and tell the Colonel where we are".
Ulyate drew back with a start, and put finger to lips, almost afraid to move or whisper lest it set her off, "The dogs have got her bayed.
He moved forward to within thirty-five feet of her, being careful, because he knew the female is less predictable than the male.
while Jones, on the other hand, appeared perfectly confident and Ulyate decided perhaps that was the answer.
"We've got to get her out of there"!
It was hot.
"It won't work, Colonel".
Very slowly he maneuvered his rawboned bay gelding, edging closer, watching for a chance to throw, but ready to spin and run, rope whining about his head, horse edging tensely under him, but the gelding was obedient and responded and was not paralyzed by the close proximity of the lion.
Means spun and spurred.
That was the whole question.
He succeeded almost too well, because once she rose as if to charge, and he half wheeled his horse -- he was within fifty feet -- but she sank back.
They may even dismiss it from their minds as something that concerns only the "ecclesiastical Rover Boys", as someone has dubbed them, who like to go to national and international assemblies, and have expense accounts that permit them to do so.
It is here that the local and ecumenical must meet.
It is hardly possible to emphasize this too much.
This may mean having fellowship in the church with people with whom, on the level of merely human agreeableness, we might prefer not to have any association at all.
Divergent perspectives
Her concern for the natives of Borrioboola-Gha was so intense that she quite forgot and neglected her son Peepy!
It has a beautiful edifice.
It is not making them sensitive to the sub-Christian level of much of our economic and industrial life.
"Why, no, ma'am", he replied, "this church belongs to me"!
This was a bitterly fought game, carrying almost as much grudge as a fist fight, with no friendliness exhibited between the teams except the formal politeness that accompanied the setting forth of ground rules and agreements on balls that went into the crowd.
Nearly any lad with a modicum of skill might find a payday awaiting him in the Three I League, or the Pony League, or the Coastal Plains League, or the fast Eastern League, if not indeed in one of the hundreds of city leagues that abounded everywhere.
A few professional baseball players cultivated eccentricities, with the encouragement of the press, so that they might see their names in big black print, along with Daddy Browning's, Al Capone's, Earl Sande's, and the Prince of Wales'.
or who undertook to set records for remaining erect on a dance floor, with or without a partner;
By 1926, when the mighty Yanks were at their mightiest, only a few of these were left but they still shone brightest, even beside able and agile rookies like Tony Lazzeri (who managed never to have one of his epileptic fits on the field), Mark Koenig, Lou Gehrig, George Pipgras, and gray-thatched Earl Combs.
This had a pleasant effect upon the Sunday gate receipts as well as upon the intake of the rail and bus companies, some of which began to offer special excursion rates, including seats at the park, just as the trolley and ferry companies had when baseball was new.
Our discussion does not utilize all the identity crises postulated by Erikson, but is intended to demonstrate the utility of his theoretical schema for studying unwed mothers.
Some of these mothers, apparently feeling a desperate urgency, made, on the spur of the moment, commitments, in love and sex, that would have life-long consequences.
inculcated with the primacy of group acceptance and group standards;
The developmental process involves the individual's progressively experiencing a sense of dignity and achievement resulting from having completed tasks, having kept commitments, and having created something (however small or simple -- even a doll dress of one's own design rather than in the design "it ought to be").
The absence, during her childhood and early adolescence, of experiences in developing the self-discipline to complete tasks within her ability -- experiences that would have been subsequent sources of anticipation of achievement -- and her lack of childhood opportunities to practice autonomy and initiative in play and expression, both tend in her adolescence to deprive her of the freedoms to role-experiment and to fail occasionally in experimenting.
they subsequently occupied their leisure hours in searching for something exciting and diverting.
Most adolescents have some ideological diffusion at various developmental stages, as they experience a proliferation of ideas and values.
They criticized parents for never having emphasized traditional concepts of right and wrong;
In a long and angry footnote to his opinion, Judge Hough had lent the weight of judicial condemnation to such criticism.
Not least among the members of the patent bar who echoed this powerful indictment were those who had participated in the Selden suit.
Noting the complaints of inventors and members of the patent bar, he admitted that some of the strictures "were fairly well founded", but he added that under existing rules the courts could not consolidate testimony in a group of suits involving separate infringements of the same patent.
The revised procedure was acclaimed as a long-overdue reform.
Nevertheless, it is from the Selden organization that the industry inherited its institutional machinery for furthering the broader interests of the trade.
One of the conditions of the pool was a prohibition upon the withholding of patent rights among A.L.A.M. members.
Occasionally new enterprise was discouraged by the almost certain prospect of legal complications.
Most manufacturers were now disposed to heed a proposal for the formal interchange of patents.
A little farther along the road you come to the Church of Santa Sabina, called the "Pearl of the Aventine".
to the piazza Navona and pantheon
Wander past the three superb Columns of Apollo by the arches of the theatre.
In the first courtyard there are some fine bas-reliefs and friezes, and in the second a series of delightful terraced roof gardens above an ivy-covered wall.
(This is shown in the afternoon and on Sunday morning.
Its lovely seventeenth-century ceiling frescoes, as well as the huge guards room with a tremendously high and beautifully carved wooden ceiling, can be seen Sundays (11:00 to 12:00 noon).
The site of the oblong piazza is Domitian's ancient stadium, which was probably used for horse and chariot races.
The church's cloisters are among Donato Bramante's most beautiful creations.
Its rotunda forms a perfect circle whose diameter is equal to the height from the floor to the ceiling.
You are now at the Corso, though narrow, one of Rome's busiest streets.
I myself have witnessed and endured it more than once.
He moves through Harlem, therefore, like an occupying soldier in a bitterly hostile country;
He can retreat from his uneasiness in only one direction: into a callousness which very shortly becomes second nature.
My recital disturbed him and made him indignant;
the landlords make a tidy profit by raising the rent, chopping up the rooms, and all but dispensing with the upkeep;
He was born in the North and did his military training in the South.
Historically, the flaming sword laid across this Eden is the Civil War.
Neither the Southerner nor the Northerner is able to look on the Negro simply as a man.
Stevenson's speech, and the spectacular disturbance in the gallery, were both touched off by the death, in Katanga, the day before, of Patrice Lumumba.
The climate and the events of the last decade, and the steady pressure of the "cold" war, have given Americans yet another means of avoiding self-examination, and so it has been decided that the riots were "Communist" inspired.
Now, I do not doubt that, among the people at the U.N. that day, there were Stalinist and professional revolutionists acting out of the most cynical motives.
Brief snips of actual events were shown: parades, dances, street scenes.
Despite the sheer beauty and spectacle of numerous documentaries, art films, and travelogues, despite the impressive financial success of such a recent development as Cinerama, the movies are at heart a form of fiction, like the play, the novel, or the short story.
In a series of fairy tales and fantasies, Melies demonstrated that the film is superbly equipped to tell a straightforward story, with beginning, middle and end, complications, resolutions, climaxes, and conclusions.
This is the rate of projection;
The movie was The Great Train Robbery and its effects on the young industry and art were all but incalculable.
As a finale is appended a close-up of one of the band taking aim and firing his revolver straight at the audience.
The physical film is cut with a knife at the end of one complete sequence, and the cut edge is joined physically, by cement, to the cut edge of the beginning of the next sequence.
We leap from event to event -- including the formation of the posse -- even though the events, in "reality" are taking place not in sequence but simultaneously, and not near each other but at a considerable distance.
When he came to the movies -- more or less by accident -- they were still cheap entertainment capable of enthralling the unthinking for an idle few minutes.
The effort produced a valuable record of stage techniques in the early years of the century and some interesting records of great theater figures who would otherwise be only names.
(2) central cities tend to be more heterogeneous in social composition.
they can lose higher- and lower-status members from the church without collapsing, but they need adequate recruits for the core stratum in order to preserve economic integration.
The vulnerability of Protestantism to social differences stems from the peculiar role of the new religious style in middle-class life, where the congregation is a vehicle of social and economic group identity and must conform, therefore, to the principle of economic integration.
it can also mean the assimilation of centers of power from an environment in order to strengthen an organization.
Missionary outreach by friendly contact looks somewhat different when one reflects on what is known about friendly contact in metropolitan neighborhoods;
Publicity accounted for 1.1 per cent of the initial contacts with new members.
It was observed in the introductory chapter that metropolitan life had split into two trends -- expanding interdependence on an impersonal basis and growing exclusiveness in local communal groupings.
Consumer communities have suffered at the hands of the productive interests.
this style is characteristically an expression of the communal style of the middle classes.
These concessionaires traded where they wished and generally dealt with the Indians through engages, who might be habitants, voyageurs, or even soldiers.
In each of these there was to be a strong military post, and a trading depot to supply the smaller trading houses.
On the upper Mississippi the Illinois post was to be established near Kaskaskia, and dependent posts were to be built on the Missouri, "where there are mines in abundance".
Regulations for the Indian trade were made by the Conseil superieure de la Louisiane, and Bienville apparently did not have control of that body.
Diron D'Artaguette, the most prominent trader in the district, was energetic and resourceful, but his methods often aroused the ire of the French governors.
Bienville realized that if the French were to hold the southeastern tribes against the enticements of British goods, French traders must be able to offer a supply as abundant as the Carolinians and at reasonable prices.
Perier attempted to understand the problem by sending agents to inquire among the Indians.
In spite of the company's restrictions, he planned to build new posts in the territory.
In January, 1731, the company asked the crown to relieve it of the government of the colony.
These men were without capital or experience.
Few things are more perilous for the State Department than a displeased congressman.
With all these agencies, the congressman must constantly check the political wind and trim his sails accordingly.
People in this position do not offend the master by relating his peccadilloes to the newspapers.
Diplomats stayed up nights thinking of ways to attain peaceful coexistence, not with Nikita Khrushchev, but with John Rooney.
Armed with constitutional power to negate the Executive's foreign policy, the Senate carries a big stick and is easily provoked to use it on the State Department's back, or on the head of the Secretary of State.
In any event, the example of Acheson's trampling by the Senate did not encourage Dulles to provoke it.
Getting along with foreigners
The Soviet Embassy is popularly regarded as Russian espionage headquarters.
And that Menshikov replied: "Just call me Mike".
When King Saud visited Washington, the overwhelming question consuming the press was the size of his family.
How many children did the King have?
The deep water is used by many people, but it is always clean, for the washing is done outside.
Mrs. Hosaka is one of the Japanese women one reads about -- beautiful, artistically talented, an artful manager of her big household -- (four boys and four girls), and yet looking like a pampered, gentle Japanese woman.
As a result, money is spent quickly and freely, with no thought of its value.
After a day at Nikko, Mrs. Kodama put me on the train for Kyoto.
We visited the Okamoto home -- where for the first time I saw the famous tea ceremony.
His grandfather is a Buddhist priest;
We passed his house and school on the way.
In the midst of a great busy city, people take time to enjoy the beauty of natural reflection of artificial light.
A better world may yet come out of Hiroshima.
Even today there are some doubts about the value of education for Japanese women, but this University continues to grow and to send its students out into the community.
Occasionally they return for additional training.
Then the boycott would not be secondary, but a primary one.
An unlimited use of economic pressures for diametrically opposite causes could devastate the pre-conditions of any fellow humanity as surely as this would be destroyed by the use of more obviously brutal means.
However, it is also a Christian insight to know that unless charity interpenetrates justice it is not likely to be freedom that marches forward.
The question, then, is whether sufficient discrimination in the use of even non-violent means of coercion is to be found in the fact that such conduct demoralizes and overcomes the opponent while re-moralizing and re-establishing him.
and when this is done it will be found that the principles governing Christian resistance cut across the distinction between violent and non-violent means, and apply to both alike, justifying either on occasion and always limiting either action.
Both the conditions and the complicity are documented in considerable detail.
The race problem has tended to obscure other, less emotional, issues which may fundamentally be even more divisive.
I take this to mean that the intelligent -- and therefore necessarily cynical?
It appears to be one of intense dislike, which he makes little effort to conceal even in the presence of Southern friends.
But these accounts do not show that Northerners have been subjected to embarrassment or provocation by Yankee-hatred displayed in social gatherings.
I suspect that there are far more unreconstructed ones than the North likes to believe.
The long-settled areas of states like Virginia and South Carolina developed the ante-bellum culture to its richest flowering, and there the memory is more precious, and the consciousness of loss the greater.
their fears now are of miscegenation and Negro political control in many counties.
The situation of the South since 1865 has been unique in the western world.
The North should thank its stars that such has been the case;
As it is, they consider that the North is now reaping the fruits of excess egalitarianism, that in spite of its high standard of living the "American way" has been proved inferior to the English and Scandinavian ways, although they disapprove of the socialistic features of the latter.
The enormous changes in world politics have, however, thrown it into confusion, so much so that it is safe to say that all international law is now in need of reexamination and clarification in light of the social conditions of the present era.
A concept of responsibility is in process of articulation and establishment.
The general acceptance of the idea of governmental (i.e., societal) responsibility for the economic well-being of the American people is surely one of the two most significant watersheds in American constitutional history.
The American people have indeed come a long way in the brief interval between 1930 and 1961.
For better or for worse, we all now live in welfare states, the organizing principle of which is collective responsibility for individual well-being.
) The concept of nationalism is the political principle that epitomizes and glorifies the territorial state as the characteristic type of socal structure.
)
Austin's nineteenth-century view of law and sovereignty still dominates much of today's legal and political thinking.
The short answer to those questions is "yes".
I asked the same questions inside the launch-control rooms of an Atlas missile base in Wyoming, where officers who wear sidearms are manning the "commit buttons" that could start a war -- accidentally or by design -- and in the command centers where other pistol-packing men could give orders to push such buttons.
Accidental war is so sensitive a subject that most of the people who could become directly involved in one are told just enough so they can perform their portions of incredibly complex tasks.
Their conversations were, almost invariably, accompanied by the same gestures -- arms and pointed forefingers darting toward each other in arclike semicircular motions.
The chain starts at BMEWS (Ballistic Missile Early Warning System) in Thule, Greenland.
And no messages can be transmitted on these circuits until senders and receivers authenticate in advance, by special codes, that the messages actually come from their purported sources.
Or singlehandedly decided to reverse national policy and hit the Soviets without provocation?
Vital questions would be quickly answered according to a preprepared agenda.
The key man almost certainly would be Col. William W. Wisman, SAC's senior controller.
In front of him is a gold phone.
He must take it from "the red box".
In addition to the authentication and acknowledgment procedures which precede and follow the sending of the go messages, again in special codes, each message also contains an "internal authenticator", another specific signal to convince the recipient that he is getting the real thing.
At any rate, three men out of a six-man B-52 crew are required to copy down Wisman's go-to-war message.
It was nothing more than a tiny distant rain squall, a dull gray sheet which reached from a layer of clouds to the earth.
Occasionally, for no reason that I could see, they would suddenly alter the angle of their trot.
Then the wind died and the rain squall held steady.
Part of it is, of course.
The countryside looked like a beautiful open park with gentle slopes and soft gray tree-clumps.
The white men died.
The family at the boulder
It took me a moment to realize what was odd about that panel: there was a gimbaled compass welded to it, which rocked gently back and forth as the Land Rover bounced about.
He was right.
No one patted the dog.
He was over six feet tall and very thin.
She remained squatting on her heels all the time we were there;
The tiny bodies, dropped onto a dry leaf, made a pile as big as a small apple.
as if the coating of sweat, dirt, and ashes were a cosmetic.
Idje still stared over our shoulders at the horizon.
the capital went elsewhere;
The values and talents which made the tile and the dome, the rug, the poem and the miniature, continue in certain social institutions which rise above the ordinary life of this city, as the great buildings rise above blank walls and dirty lanes.
I should like, by the way, to make it clear that I am not using the word "Persians" carelessly.
But he knew;
From upstream it looks like a long arcaded box laid across the river;
From the terraces -- eighteen in all -- broad flights of steps descend into the water or onto still more terraces barely above the level of the river.
students, civil servants, beggars, musicians, hawkers, and clowns.
It contains, in fact, their whole outlook on life.
The singer simply matches the poem to a mode;
When he added to his Pittsburgh commitments the directorship of the London Philharmonic Orchestra in 1958, he conducted one hundred fifty concerts within nine months, "commuting" between the two cities.
In his native Cologne, where his mother taught him to play the piano, he was able to read notes before he learned the alphabet.
His professional career began when he was twenty;
Two years later he became director of the Frankfurt Opera, where he remained until he lost this position in 1933 through the rise of the Hitler regime.
In the fall of that year the best musicians of the Berlin and Frankfurt Kulturbund orchestras joined under the combined efforts of Bronislaw Hubermann and Steinberg to become the Palestine Orchestra -- now known as the Israel Philharmonic Orchestra -- with Steinberg as founder-conductor.
Since it is not far from Viareggio, he will visit Puccini's house, as he never fails to do, to pay his respects to the memory of the composer of La Boheme, which he considers one of Puccini's masterpieces.
We'll play Bruckner's Fifth Symphony in the original version, and Mahler's Seventh -- the least accessible, known, and played of Mahler's works.
With all his musical activities, did he have the time and inclination to do anything else?
But his prime interest, apart from music, he insisted seriously, was his family -- his wife, daughter and son.
We would like to do that too".
Though the four boys and two girls, the youngest nineteen years of age, the oldest twenty-four, came from varying backgrounds and had different professional and personal interests, there was surprising agreement among them.
Seven Founders -- George Washington, Benjamin Franklin, John Adams, Thomas Jefferson, Alexander Hamilton, James Madison and John Jay -- determined the destinies of the new nation.
Certainly no other seven American statesmen from any later period achieved so much in so concentrated a span of years.
During the greater part of Jefferson's career he enjoyed the close collaboration of a fellow Virginian, James Madison, eight years his junior.
As first Chief Justice, his strong nationalist opinions anticipated John Marshall.
Washington castigated his critic, General Conway, as being capable of "all the meanness of intrigue to gratify the absurd resentment of disappointed vanity".
Hamilton, poorest of the seven, gave up a brilliant law practice to enter Washington's Cabinet.
They fought hard, but they were forgiving to former foes, and sought to prevent vindictive legislatures from confiscating Tory property in violation of the Treaty of 1783.
His first inaugural address speaks of "my country whose voice I can never hear but with veneration and love".
Let the open enemy to it be regarded as a Pandora with her box opened;
It is interesting, however, that despite this strong upsurge in Southern writing, almost none of the writers has forsaken the firmly entrenched concept of the white-suited big-daddy colonel sipping a mint julep as he silently recounts the revenue from the season's cotton and tobacco crops;
As the New South snowballs toward further urbanization, it becomes more and more homogeneous with the North -- a tendency which Willard Thorp terms "Yankeefication", as evidenced in such cities as Charlotte, Birmingham, and Houston.
Even the great god Faulkner, the South's one probable contender for literary immortality, has little concerned himself with these matters;
But there have been abrupt changes as well: the sit-ins, the picket lines, the bus strikes -- all of these were unheard-of even ten years ago.
A new South is emerging after the post-bellum years of hesitation, uncertainty, and lack of action from the Negro in defining his new role in the amorphously defined socio-political organizations of the white man.
recently only Keith Wheeler's novel, Peaceable Lane, has openly faced the problem.
The fumes of progress are in his nose and the bright steel of industry towers before his eyes, but his heart is away in Yoknapatawpha County with razorback hogs and night riders.
He has made it his, and his it remains, irrevocably.
Another element to concern the choreographer is that of the visual devices of the theatre.
The depersonalization continued as the dancer was further metamorphosed by the play of lights upon his figure.
An approach that has appealed to some choreographers is reminiscent of Charles Olson's statement of the process of projective verse: "one perception must immediately and directly lead to a further perception".
The work must be true to both the physical and the spiritual character of the experience.
The system works as an impersonal mechanism.
Even the least alteration will change the quality.
This became a dance called Prelude To Flight.
Unconcerned with the practical function of his actions, the dancer is engrossed exclusively in their "motional content".
But I would never have thought of it myself".
The sequence is determined by chance, and Mr. Cunningham makes use of any one of several chance devices.
Mr. Cunningham tries not to cheat the chance method;
Even so, confusion in this period gained such strength (from compromise and other factors) that it led to the bloodiest war of the Nineteenth century.
In homely terms whose timeliness is startling today, he thus declared his own right to secede.
The Confederate Constitution copied much of the Federal Constitution verbatim, and most of the rest in substance.
" The other important difference between the two Constitutions was that the President of the Confederacy held office for six (instead of four) years, and was limited to one term.
If the Union conceded this to them, the same right must be conceded to each remaining state whenever it saw fit to secede: This would destroy the federal balance between it and the states, and in the end sacrifice to the sovereignty of the states all the liberty the citizens had gained by their Union.
The fact that the Americans who upheld the sovereignty of their states did this in order to keep many of their people more securely in slavery -- the antithesis of individual liberty -- made the conflict grimmer, and the greater.
But the fact that 70,524 other Americans gave the same measure of devotion to an opposing concept served Liberty-and-Union in other essential ways.
Will advances in human sciences help us build social structures and governments which will enable us to cope with people as effectively as the primitive combination of protein and nucleic acid built a structure of molecules which enabled it to adapt to a sea of molecular interaction?
Is the future of psychology akin to the rich future of physics at the time of Newton?
3,
I am certainly not adequately trained to describe or enlarge on human fears, but there are certain features of the fears dispelled by scientific explanations that stand out quite clearly.
This and other fears of the solar system have disappeared gradually, first, with the Ptolemaic system and its built-in concept of periodicity and then, more firmly, with the Newtonian innovation of an universal force that could account quantitatively for both terrestial and celestial motions.
And yet we obviously also believe that the avoidance of the disaster depends in some obscure or at least uncertain way on the details of how we behave.
I am usually filled with an uneasiness that through some unwitting slip all hell may break loose.
In the physical sciences, these achievements concern electricity, chemistry, and atomic physics.
procedures change rapidly and parental confidence probably exceeds anything warranted by established psychological theory.
His letter had suggested we meet at my hotel at noon on Sunday, and I came into the lobby as the clock struck twelve.
I knew that a conversation with the author would not settle such questions, because a man is not the same as his writing: in the last analysis, the questions had to be settled by the work itself.
own pride and humility.
The conversation that ensued may have been engrossing but it could hardly be called world-shattering.
I suggested that one must let it in because it is the truth, but Beckett did not take to the word truth.
It has held them at bay.
Beckett's own work is an example.
What is the history of criticism but the history of men attempting to make sense of the manifold elements in art that will not allow themselves to be reduced to a single philosophy or a single aesthetic theory?
There is the unexplainable, and there art raises questions that it does not attempt to answer".
Two thieves are crucified with Christ, one saved and the other damned.
The key word in my plays is'perhaps'".
My father had none.
At a party an English intellectual -- so-called -- asked me why I write always about distress.
The personal quality of Samuel Beckett is similar to qualities I had found in the plays.
"Waiting For Godot" sells even better in America than in France.
The creative urge, for example, transcends the body and the self.
The dance is but a disguised ritual for the expression of ungratified sexual desire.
This is far from the vulgar, leering sexuality of the middle-class square in heat".
indeed, it is maintained that the sexual element in jazz, by freeing the listener of his inhibitions, can have therapeutic value.
The beatnik, seceding from a society that is fatally afflicted with a deathward drive, is concerned with his personal salvation in the living present.
Their work mirrors the mentality of the psychopath, rootless and irresponsible.
"Most often", she says, "it's the monogamous relationship that is dishonest".
The new fact the initiates of this cult have to learn is that they must move toward simplicity.
What obsessions had she picked up during these long nights of talk?
As Lipton puts it: "The Eros is felt in the magic circle of marijuana with far greater force, as a unifying principle in human relationships, than at any other time except, perhaps, in the mutual metaphysical orgasms.
Alley fences were made of solid boards higher than one's head, but not so high as the golden glow in a corner or the hollyhocks that grew in a line against them.
One looked down on a sea of leaves, a breaking wave of flower.
the mill-pond is quiet, its surface dark and shadowed, and there does not seem to be much water in it.
It was mother who planted the verbenas.
Other flowers we might gather as we pleased: myrtle and white violets from beneath the lilacs;
morning-glory buds which could be so grasped and squeezed that they burst like a blown-up paper bag;
Thus shielded, we played many foolish games in comfortable unselfconsciousness;
A hay-wagon moved slowly along the gutter, the top of it swept by the low boughs of the maple trees, and loose straws were left hanging tangled among the leaves.
After his passage, the street was empty again.
The street was unpaved and rose steeply toward the center;
it is a spectacle absolutely painful, an epiphany of the suffering flesh unredeemed by spirit, untouched by any spirit other than abasement and humiliation.
In the work of every artist, I suppose, there may be found one or more moments which strike the student as absolutely decisive, ultimately emblematic of what it is all about;
The dramatic construction of his stories characteristically turns on a situation in which someone is simultaneously compelled and forbidden to love.
Professionally a lawyer, that is to say associated with dignity, reserve, discipline, with much that is essentially middle-class, he is compelled by an impossible love to exhibit himself dressed up, disguised -- that is, paradoxically, revealed -- as a child, and, worse, as a whore masquerading as a child.
that is to say, to the churchyard".
His name is Praisegod Piepsam, and he is rather fully described as to his clothing and physiognomy in a way which relates him to a sinister type in the author's repertory -- he is a forerunner of those enigmatic strangers in "Death In Venice", for example, who represent some combination of cadaver, exotic, and psychopomp.
The season, between spring and summer, belongs to life in its carefree aspect.
His unsuccessful strivings to give up drink are represented as religious strivings;
It resembles, too, pictures such as Durer and Bruegel did, in which all that looks at first to be solely pictorial proves on inspection to be also literary, the representation of a proverb, for example, or a deadly sin.
The breakdown of classical structures of meaning in all realms of western culture has given rise to several generations of artists who have documented the disintegrative processes.
A broader concept of imitation is needed, one which acknowledges that true invention is important, that the artist's creativity in part transcends the non-artistic causal factors out of which it arises.
Aristotle also tended to stratify all aspects of human nature and activity into levels of excellence and, like Plato, he put the pure and unimpassioned intellect on the top level.
I have chosen to use the word "mimesis" in its Christian rather than its classic implications and to discover in the concrete forms of both art and myth powers of theological expression which, as in the Christian mind, are the direct consequence of involvement in historical experience, which are not reserved, as in the Greek mind, only to moments of theoretical reflection.
A word taken in its dictionary meaning, a photographic image of a recognizable object, the mere picturing of a "scene" tends to lose experiential vividness and to connote such conventional abstractions as to invite neutral reception without the incitement of value feelings.
Primary feelings of the world come neither as a collection of clearly known objects (houses, trees, implements, etc.) nor a collection of isolated and neutral sensory qualities.
Later abstractive and rational processes may indicate errors of judgment in these apprehensions of value, but the apprehensions themselves are the primary stuff of experience.
After only eighteen years of non-interference, there were already indications of melioration, though "in a slight degree", to be sure.
In the pre-Civil War years, the South argued that the slave was not less humanely treated than the factory worker of the North.
).
How do we define it"?
He seemed a little surprised that it should have caused any particular trouble anywhere.
A recent newspaper report said there were five Negroes in the 1960 graduating class of nearly one thousand at Yale;
A dear, respected friend of mine, who like myself grew up in the South and has spent many years in New England, said to me not long ago: "I can't forgive New England for rejecting all complicity".
Lincoln understood this better than most when he said in his "Second Inaugural" that God "gives to both North and South this terrible war, as the woe due to those by whom the offense came".
The slave is owner, And ever was.
for though their people had very few slaves themselves, yet they had been pretty considerable carriers of them to others".
How did it happen, for example, that the state university, that great symbol of American democracy, failed to flourish in New England as it did in other parts of the country?
One is that they were established, or gained eminence, under pressure provided by these same immigrants, from whom the old families wished to segregate their children.
As a boy in a local school he was shy and solitary, absorbed in his fondness for nature and his visions of Sweden's ancient glory.
Heidenstam could never be satisfied by surface.
In the care-free indolence of the East he sees the last reflection of the old happy existence, and for that reason he loves it.
To get it out into the daylight's glow Is my life's aim both first and last, the whole.
The hero, who is himself, is represented as a pilgrim in the storied lands of the East, a sort of Faustus type, who, to quote from Professor Book again, "even in the pleasure gardens of Sardanapalus can not cease from his painful search after the meaning of life.
With the first of a group of historical novels, The Charles Men (Karolinerna), published in 1897-8, he achieved the masterpiece of his career.
Almost nothing is said of Charles'spectacular victories, the central theme being the heroic loyalty of the Swedish people to their idolized king in misfortune and defeat.
Each failed catastrophically in an invasion of Russia and each brought ruin on the country that worshipped him.
All his people ask for is no more war.
Excellent in their way, they lack the wide appeal of The Charles Men, and need not detain us here.
It is from this unpromising background that the fictional private detective was recruited.
Thus the fictional detective is much more than a simple businessman.
There is only one catch to this idyllic arrangement: Adam Smith was wrong.
The private eye is therefore a moral man;
he is very close to being a mental case.
Holmes is a public servant, to be sure;
The two men resemble each other closely in their cunning, their egotism, their relentlessness.
The latter's real descendents were unable to take root in England;
More profound and more disturbing, however, is the moral isolation of Raymond Chandler's Philip Marlowe.
For Sam Spade, neither crime nor virtue pays;
Finally, in The Maltese Falcon among others, the clash between detective and police is carried to its logical conclusion: Sam Spade becomes the chief murder suspect.
His successors have adopted the opposite alternative.
For example, suppose a man wearing a $200 watch, driving a 1959 Rolls Royce, stops to ask a man on the sidewalk, "What time is it"?
The information is furnished by each of the guests, is sent by oral broadcasting over the air waves, and is received by the ears.
For the occasion on which everyone already knows everyone else and the host wishes them to meet one or a few honored newcomers, then the "open house" system is advantageous because the honored guests are fixed connective points and the drifting guests make and break connections at the door.
The dweller at p is last to hear about a new cure, the slowest to announce to his neighbors his urgent distresses, the one who goes the farthest to trade, and the one with the greatest difficulty of all in putting over an idea or getting people to join him in a cooperative effort.
Next to the old problem of the slowness of decision making, network structure seems to be paramount, and without monitoring no network has value.
are few in number, briefly worded, all different in sound;
The assumptions upon which the example shown in Figure 3 is based are: (A) One man can direct about six subordinates if the subordinates are chosen carefully so that they do not need too much personal coaching, indoctrinating, etc.
It will readily be seen that in this suggested network (not materially different from some of the networks in vogue today) greater emphasis on monitoring is implied than is usually put into practice.
But, for practical purposes, we have people who can be considered as such.
He terms this early enthusiasm "Romantic Christianity" and concludes that its similarity to democratic beliefs of that day is so great that "the doctrine of liberty seems but a secular version of its counterpart in evangelical Protestantism".
It is a weakness of Gabriel's analysis that he never seems to realize that his so-called fundamental law had already been cut loose from its foundations when it was adapted to democracy.
However, it is important to trace the philosophy of the French Revolution to its sources to understand the common democratic origin of individualism and socialism and the influence of the latter on the former.
We will recall that the still confident liberals of the Truman administration gathered with other Western utopians in San Francisco to set up the legal framework, finally and at last, to rationalize war -- to rationalize want and fear -- out of the world: the United Nations.
The show was colorful, indeed, exuberant, but the press for all its assiduity could detect no note of a fateful rendezvous with destiny.
What I am here to do is to report on the gyrations of the struggle -- a struggle that amounts to self-redefinition -- to see if we can predict its future course.
And I would further note that they all -- with one exception again -- sang in one key or another the same song.
This group is secularist and their program tends to be technological.
And the basic character of that liberalism has been spiritual rather than economic.
In any event, whether society may have cancer, or merely a virus infection, the "disease", we shall find, is political, economical, social, and even medical.
If we were creating a wholly new society, we could insist that our social, political, economic and philosophic institutions foster rather than hamper man;
This favorable image of America in the minds of Russian men and women is still there despite years of energetic anti-American propaganda"
Businesses must develop as a result of the ideas, energies and ambitions of an individual having purpose and comprehensive ability within one mind.
As to benefits to employees, it is notorious for its callous disregard except where it depends on them for services.
Avoiding runaway technology can be done only by assuring a humane society;
Leadership is lacking in our society because it has no legitimate place to develop.
Certainly external forces should not be applied arbitrarily out of mere power available to do so.
Any abilities I may have were achieved in their present shape from experience in sharing in the growth and control of my business, coupled with raising my family.
Postmaster General Burleson set about to protect the American people against radical propaganda that might be spread through the mails.
Hence, the only defensible procedure is to repress any and every notion, unless it gives evidence that it is perfectly safe.
But clarity is not enough.
here we find stored the wisdom of great minds.
Rather than from a first-hand study of Jewish people, his delineation of Shylock stems from a collection of Italian stories, Il Pecorone, published in 1558, although written almost two centuries earlier.
He sets him forth as being typical of the group.
Thomas De Torquemada, Inquisitor-General of the Spanish Inquisition, put many persons to death.
But is that not like going to a chemistry laboratory and blindly pouring out liquids and powders from an array of bottles and then, after stirring, expecting a new wonder drug inevitably to result?
Is the world better for having this idea thrust upon it?
Helen Deutsch informed us (The Psychology Of Women, Vol. 2, 434) that in all cultures "the term'stepmother'automatically evokes deprecatory implications", a conclusion accepted by many.
We have recourse to the scientifically-trained specialist in the laboratory.
May we state with confidence that in such an exhibition a republic will find its greatest security?
In the field of the social sciences a considerable fund of tested knowledge has been accumulated that can be used to good advantage.
The discussion of professional ethics inevitably reminded us that in the historical perspective the President's decision will finally clarify itself as a moral, rather than a medical, problem.
He commented -- thoughtfully, a reporter told us -- that it was "not too important for the individual how he ends up".
For the tone of the editorials which greeted Mr. Eisenhower's original announcement of his running had been strangely disquieting.
So it is that we relive his opening statement in the first television address with the dramatic immediacy of the present.
In any other man this reassurance to the electorate would have caused us a profound moral shock.
Instead it means that the thinking in which decision issues has the power to determine the morality of the decision, as in this instance the pressure for renewed practical or legislative attention to the constitutional problems the decision had uncovered might have done.
The capacity for making the distinctions of which diplomacy is compact, and the facility with language which can render them into validity in the eyes of other men are the leader's means for transforming the moral intuition into moral leadership.
The division is not between those who wish to preserve what they have and those who want change.
If we examine the three types of change from the point of view of their internal structure we find an additional profound difference between the third and the first two, one that accounts for the notable difference between the responses they evoke.
Relativism and equality are its characteristic diseases.
Its ontological status is itself most tenuous because apart from individual men, who are its "matter", tradition, the "form" of society exists only as a shared perception of truth.
He must, consequently, exist as a self-perceived substantive, developing agent, or he does not exist as man.
This means that the inception of change itself can begin only when the factors conducive to change have already become more powerful than those anchoring the existent form in being.
As a further characterization of the liberal conservative split we may observe that it involves differences in the formula for escaping inevitabilities in history.
We note the use of rhetoric as a weapon, the manipulation of the masses by propaganda, the "mobilization" of effort and resources.
Such a response, of course, misses the point that in crisis order is going out of existence.
The reactionary misses the point that tradition exists ontologically only in the form of psychological-intellectual relations.
The point is that the reactionary, for whatever motive, perceives himself to have been part or a partner of something that extended beyond himself, something which, consequently, he was not able to accept or reject on the basis of subjective preference.
But a novel in which one man Karamazov explored the divisions within his personality would scarcely merit publication in the Psychoanalytic Quarterly.
If I now risk some comparisons with Sons And Lovers let it be clear that I am not comparing the two works or judging their merits;
It was, of course, a little boy's fantasy of winning his mother to himself, and replacing the father who could not give her the things she wanted -- a classical oedipal fantasy if you like -- but if it were only this the story would be banal.
We are also struck by the fact that this story of a boy's love for his mother does not offend, while the incestuous love of the man, Paul Morel, sometimes repels.
In our own time we have seen that the novelist's debt to psychoanalysis has increased but that the novel itself has not profited much from this marriage.
But a writer who has a taste for irony and who sees incest in all its modern dimensions can let his imagination work on the disturbing joke in the incest myth, the joke that strikes right at the center of man's humanness.
But The Holy Sinner is not simply a retelling of old stories for an old man's entertainment.
Grigorss overcomes the suitor in battle, delivers the city from its oppressors and marries Sibylla who had fallen in love with the beautiful knight the moment she saw him.
The worthy Mondrian, seeing these pictures, said in a tone of kindly reproof: "But you are really an artist of the naturalistic tradition"!
In America, Meyer Schapiro observed that, unlike the Mondrian school, Helion "sought a return path to the fullness of nature within the framework of abstract art".
He himself did not know, as he said in 1935.
"I arrived in the United States with the idea of establishing myself there more or less permanently and finding inspiration for new compositions".
With those paintings of big constructions crashing down, he felt he could stop.
At the time of his capture Helion had on his person a sketchbook he had bought at Woolworth's in New York.
Every morning contingents of prisoners would be sent out to labor in nearby factories.
Duclos ran toward Desprez with fists raised.
Even the most rational of men, under great stress, may be transported by a new faith and behave like mystics.
While convalescing in his Virginia home he wrote a book recording his prison experiences and escape, entitled: They Shall Not Have Me Published originally in (Helion's) English by Dutton & Co. of New York, in 1943, the book was received by the press as a work of astonishing literary power and one of the most realistic accounts of World War 2, from the French side.
He and also Mr. Cowley and Mr. Warren have fallen to the temptation which besets many of us to read into our authors -- Nathaniel Hawthorne, for example, and Herman Melville -- protests against modernism, material progress, and science which are genuine protests of our own but may not have been theirs.
Faulkner's is not the mind of the apologist which Mr. O'Donnell implies that it is.
The young William Faulkner in New Orleans in the 1920's impressed the novelist Hamilton Basso as obviously conscious of being a Southerner, and there is no evidence that since then he has ever considered himself any less so.
My intention, therefore, is not to say that Faulkner's awareness has been confined within the borders of the South, but rather that he has looked at his world as a Southerner and that presumably his outlook is Southern.
Faulkner has found it useful, but he has employed it with his habitual independence of mind and skeptical outlook.
Augustus Baldwin Longstreet, a preacher and a college and university president in four Southern states, published the earliest of these backwoods sketches and in the character Ransy Sniffle, in the accounts of sharp horse-trading and eye-gouging physical combat, and in the shockingly unliterary speech of his characters, he set an example followed by many after him.
But Thorpe saw also the hardships of pioneer existence, the cultural poverty of the frontier settlements, and the slack morality which abounded in the new regions.
such capacities are impressive evidence pointing to a conception of the human being which does not appear in the accounts of biologists and organic evolutionists;
He is the stern guardian of the status quo who has raised the utilitarian structures of the age, and he is the revolutionary poet with a gun in his hand who writes a tragic apologetic to posterity for the men he has killed.
This is the good kind of sophistication, and with all our problems and crises this kind of sophistication has flowered in the United States during recent years.
Shocked at the response to our proclamations, we grow more defensive, and worse, we lose our sense of humor and proportion.
The discrepancy between what we commonly profess and what we practice or tolerate is great, and it does not escape the notice of others.
We experience a vague uneasiness about events, a suspicion that our political and economic institutions, like the genie in the bottle, have escaped confinement and that we have lost the power to recall them.
The host is the flowing life of the human race.
the stockholder delivers his proxy;
Moreover, the sun's path over earth described a segment of a great circle;
Or oviform?
It is never motion towards something.
Pure fire (the stars) is in the heavens.
Copernicus'achievement was to have invented systematic astronomy.
But none of this has prevented scientists, philosophers, and even historians of science, from speaking of the Ptolemaic system, in contrast to the Copernican.
In a systematic astronomy, like that of Copernicus, retrogradations become part of the conceptual structure of the system;
Without careful qualification this can be misleading.
Analogously, anyone who argues that Einstein's theory of gravitation is simpler than Newton's, must say rather more to explain how it is that the latter is mastered by student-physicists, while the former can be managed (with difficulty) only by accomplished experts.
De Revolutionibus is not just a collection of facts and techniques.
What in The Almagest draws his fire?
The latter looked backward upon inherited deficiencies.
Women themselves have come to look upon matters in the same light as the outside world, and scarcely find any wrong in submitting to the importunities of a stronger will, even when their affections are withheld.
And she wrote the libretto for an oratorio on the subject of Judas Maccabeus performed at the Hanukkah festival which came in December.
Joseph Jastrow, the younger son of the distinguished rabbi, Marcus Jastrow, was a friendly, round-faced fellow with a little mustache, whose field was psychology, and who was also a punster and a jolly tease.
One thing Papa had not taught Henrietta was how to handle a young man as high-spirited and opinionated as herself.
But the March girls had their counterparts in the Szold girls.
She wrote gay plays about the girls for family entertainments, like "Oh, What Fun!
This included Mamma, jolly, generous, and pretty, with whom they all fell in love, just as Papa had first fallen in love with her Mamma before he chose her;
Even so, many of the things that happened to Wright and Olgivanna seem inordinately severe.
But every time I suggested this to her, Mrs. Wright turned it down and demanded that I go out and punish Mr. Wright.
At this time Miriam Noel appeared, urging on Constable Henry Pengally, whose name showed him to be a descendant of the Welsh settlers in the neighborhood.
"And I think you had better leave", replied Miriam.
she also went to Washington and appealed to Senator George William Norris of Nebraska, the Fighting Liberal, from whose office a sympathetic but cautious harrumphing was heard.
He was then asked for a solution of the difficulty, and began to talk trenchant sense, though private anguish showed through in the vehemence of his manner.
The first news stories had it that this blaze was started by a bolt of lightning, as though Miriam could call down fire from heaven like a prophet of the Old Testament.
While this was under consideration, dauntless as ever Wright set about the building of Taliesin 3.
From her California headquarters, Miriam fired back, "I shall never divorce Mr. Wright, to permit him to marry Olga Milanoff".
Next day, word came that Miriam was not going through with the divorce;
Neither his appetites, his exacerbations, nor his despair were kin to yours.
Perhaps the mere fact that by plucking on the nerves nature can awaken in the most ordinary of us, temporarily anyway, the sleeping poet, and in poets can discover their immortality, is the most remarkable of all the remarkable phenomena to which we can attest?
I recoil from the very thought.
We had stopped before a shop window to assess its autumnal display, when you suddenly turned to me, looking up from beneath one of your wrong hats, and with your nervous "ahem"!
Cut it out".
To innocence, a word given is a word that will be kept.
I knew this knowledge to be corrupting at the time I acquired it;
The songs Sandburg sang often reminded listeners of songs of a kindred character they knew entirely or in fragments.
Sandburg is in constant demand as an entertainer.
One needs high talent.
The public's identification of Carl Sandburg and the guitar is no happenstance.
"Mr. Miller was in the shop", the Herald Tribune story related, "but was reluctant to have anybody's picture taken inside, because his business was too'confidential'for pictures.
Lloyd Lewis wrote that when he first knew Carl in 1916, Sandburg was making $27.50 a week writing features for the Day Book and eating sparse luncheons in one-arm restaurants.
There never were two fames alike.
Mrs. Sandburg received a Phi Beta Kappa key from the University of Chicago and she was busy writing and teaching when she met Sandburg.
When erosion threatened the foundation of their home in Harbert, Paula Sandburg planted grapevines and arranged the snow fences which helped hold the sands away.
(Two years ago the photography editor of Vogue Magazine titled his article about Steichen, "The World's Greatest Photographer".
Paula was saddened about what was happening to little girls and vowed to kneel no more in Chapel.
Carl was still Charles A. Sandburg.
"Dear Miss Steichen: It is a very good letter you send me -- softens the intensity of this guerilla warfare I am carrying on up here.
These peoples, desperately hoping to lift themselves to decent levels of living must not, by our neglect, be forced to seek help from, and finally become virtual satellites of, those who proclaim their hostility to freedom.
Her miraculous progress in material achievements flows from other qualities far more worthy and substantial: adherence to principles and methods consonant with our religious philosophy;
Continuing deficits of anything like this magnitude would, over time, impair our own economic growth and check the forward progress of the Free World.
I cannot express to you the depth of my conviction that, in our own and free world interest, we must co-operate with others to help these people achieve their legitimate ambitions, as expressed in their different multi-year plans.
No more startling contrast to a system of sullen satellites could be imagined.
But I once again assure all peoples and all nations that the United States, except in defense, will never turn loose this destructive power.
The continuing modernization of these forces is a costly but necessary process.
I am assured by experts that the thrust of our present missiles is fully adequate for defense requirements.
The accomplishment of the many tasks I have alluded to requires the continuous strengthening of the spiritual, intellectual, and economic sinews of American life.
the continuing threat of inflation, together with the persisting tendency toward fiscal irresponsibility;
On January 24 Paul Bang-Jensen, accompanied by Adolf Berle, was met by Dragoslav Protitch and Colonel Frank Begley, former Police Chief of Farmington, Conn., and now head of U.N. special police.
But by the time the papers were finally disposed of, the group had informed the world of its purpose, its recommendations, and its belief that Paul Bang-Jensen was not of sound mind.
"
I don't consider that he was prejudged.
No organization can carry on like that.
"Listen", he said.
This cited Bang-Jensen's'aberrant conduct'".
I don't know.
Peter Marshall reflected.
Gross answered.
That implies that Shann was on the enemy side.
)
Don't forget, the U.N. did no more than the United States did.
"
The sickness was gone and, after all, the two young couples were on their honeymoon.
The weather turned warmer and with it came better appetites, although Harriet was still a little off-color.
On Sundays, with the permission of Captain Heard, who usually attended with two of his officers, services were held in the double cabin.
I have been so weary of the excessive rocking of the vessel, and the almost intolerable smell after the rain, that I have done little more than lounge on the bed for several days.
As was only natural he confided his searchings to Ann, conceding ruefully that it certainly looked as if their own Congregationalists were wrong and the Baptists right.
see the lightning flash;
"He looks as feminine as you can imagine", she decided.
Out came the journal and in it went Ann's own description of the scene:
With childlike innocence she wrote of the Indians as "walking with fruit and umbrellas in their hands, with the tawny children around them.
Cautiously she sampled her first pineapple and another fruit whose taste she likened to that of "a rich pear".
A year later another Salem ship returned from Burma with a cargo of gum lacquer which nobody wanted to buy.
They explained that they desired only to stop in India until a ship traveling on to Burma could be found.
Swift, in the Dublin edition of A Preface to the Bishop of Sarum's Introduction, indicated his feelings by including Molesworth, along with Toland, Tindal, and Collins, in the group of those who, like Burnet, are engaged in attacking all Convocations of the clergy.
Of all the Whig tracts written in support of the Succession, The Crisis is perhaps the most significant.
In his effort to stir the public from its lethargy, Steele goes so far as to list Catholic atrocities of the sort to be expected in the event of a Stuart Restoration, and, with rousing rhetoric, he asserts that the only preservation from these "Terrours" is to be found in the laws he has so tediously cited.
Steele in this paper is indicating his sympathy for such a plan.
His point is simply that the Tories have showered him with personal satire, despite the fact that as a private subject he has a right to speak on political matters without affronting the prerogative of the Sovereign.
He explains that there are sometimes honorable courtiers, but that too often a man who succeeds at court does not hesitate to sacrifice his Sovereign and nation to his own avarice and ambition.
among whom, his Party have indeed more Friends than I could wish".
Though they would produce some very memorable and lasting songs, Arlen and Mercer were not given strong material to work on.
One day he followed the Irish Jasper Greens, the town band, to a picnic and spent the entire day listening, while his family spent the day looking.
Still, he did like music making and even sang in the chapel choir of the Woodberry Forest School, near Orange, Virginia, where he sounded fine but did not matriculate too well.
It is, however, a disarming disguise, or perhaps a shield, for not only has Mercer proved himself to be one of the few great lyricists over the years, but also one who can function remarkably under pressure.
When the family business failed, Mercer left school and on his mother's urging -- for she hoped that he would become an actor -- he joined a local little theater group.
Mercer is supposed to have refused it with, "Anyone who wears a square monacle must be affected"!
The lyric, Mercer remembers, was tailored to fit the unusual melody.
with Harry Warren he did "The Girl Friend Of The Whirling Dervish", "Jeepers Creepers", and "You Must Have Been A Beautiful Baby".
I wouldn't hear from him for a couple of weeks, then he'd come around with the completed lyric".
The work had its beginning in 1938 with an eight-bar musical strain to which Koehler set the words "There'll be no more work;
That unused room was large enough for -- well, say an elephant could get into it and, as a matter of fact, an elephant did.
In the jakes, after Robbie and his crutches were properly stowed, Mr. Herford went to the adjoining facility.
May I say that you have just demonstrated the truth of an old proverb -- the younger Pliny's, if memory serves me -- which, translated freely from the archaic Latin, says,'The more haste, the less peed'".
The staff saw in him the qualities of a Don Cossack, hence, as mentioned before, his nickname "the Hetman".
Among the outstanding members of the Hearst cabinet whom he successfully opposed for a time were the great Arthur Brisbane, Bradford Merrill, S.S. Carvalho, and Colonel Van Hamm.
Then he would get to his feet, as though rising in honor of his own remarkable powers, and say almost invariably, "Gentlemen, this is an amazing story!
He was busy, he said, in having someone submit to a monkey-gland operation.
Mr. McCay had on a sort of Emperor Maximilian beard and mustache.
I thought it expedient to take off my derby, my glasses, and the beard;
In the conduct of these and many other campaigns, the Hetman proved to be a much abler journalist than his critics allowed.
During the next years he gave me the second of the five contracts I would sign with the Hearst Service.
Sergeant Mike Donaldson, Congressional Medal of Honor soldier, was one of them.
Backstairs, the maids cried a little over that, and the standing invitation was not mentioned to Mrs. Coolidge.
At night, when Mama would turn back the covers, she would have to take all the dolls off the bed and place them elsewhere for the night.
Now and then, the President would call for "Little Jack, Master of the Hounds", which was his nickname for a messenger who had worked in the White House since Teddy Roosevelt's administration, and discuss the welfare of some one of the animals.
There is a long train flowing from the shoulders.
Every day, when the President took his nap, Rob Roy would stretch out on the window seat near him, like a perfect gentleman, and stare thoughtfully out the window, or he would take a little nap himself.
When Prudence and Blackberry were too young to be trusted in the dining room, they were tied to the radiator with their leashes, and they would cry.
If the Stearns were not there, grace would be omitted.
You can imagine that he got pretty good service.
She used to tell me, "When I stand there and look at the flag blowing this way and that way, I have the wonderful, safe feeling that Americans are protected no matter which way the wind blows".
Mama knew that she was out of mourning when she finally wore bright colors.
She looked up and saw that, without knowing it, Mrs. Coolidge was holding it aloft.
In the market place Jews have in fact under various circumstances been valued customers and suppliers, or clannish monopolists and cutthroat competitors.
they are self-correcting in the sense that they are subject to disciplined procedures that check and recheck against error.
The anti-Semitism of Hitler owed something to his exposure to the ideology of Lueger's politically successful Christian socialist movement in Vienna.
Speaking as a non-Jew I believe that its primary contribution is in the realm of future policy.
What policies if adopted and applied in various circumstances will increase the likelihood that future events will coincide with desired events and do so at least cost in terms of all human values?
Community decision makers must make up their minds whether a claim is acceptable to the larger community in terms of prevailing expectations regarding members of nation states.
Social process is always anchored in past predisposition;
At such critical moments predispositions favorable to human dignity most obviously "pay off".
In any case I do not intend to let the present occasion pass without dealing more directly with the problem of implementing good intentions.
But simple involvement is not enough;
if he instructs them in how to evaluate a work, he is helping them to achieve their own identity.
But still, the proposition is worth examination.
In a small way this is illustrated by the nineteenth-century novelist who argued for the powerful influence of literature as a teacher of society and who illustrated this with the way a girl learned to meet her lover, how to behave, how to think about this new experience, how to exercise restraint.
Let us differentiate a few of these ideas.
Richards'view of the aesthetic experience might constitute a sixth variety: for him it constitutes, in part, the organization of impulses.
There is a second feature of the influences of literature, good literature, on emotional life which may have some special value for our time.
Among other things it means perception, discrimination, sensitivity to subtle differences.
It is the obverse of triviality, shallowness, emotional anaesthesia.
Such study may take many forms.
He may also consider ideas.
One might, indeed, argue that the history of ideas, in so far as it includes the literatures, must center on characterizations of human nature and that the great periods of literary achievement may be distinguished from one another by reference to the images of human nature that they succeed in fashioning.
Thus ideas like "grace", "salvation", and "providence" cluster together in traditional Christianity.
It is a characteristic of thoughts that in re-thinking them we come, ipso facto, to understand why they were thought".
No one will deny that such broad developments and transitions are of great intrinsic interest and the study of ideas in literature would be woefully incomplete without frequent reference to them.
English philosopher Samuel Alexander's debt to Wordsworth and Meredith is a recent interesting example, as also A. N. Whitehead's understanding of the English romantics, chiefly Shelley and Wordsworth.
Hearst's luck was even poorer when he had a chat with Franklin K. Lane, a prominent California journalist and reform politician, whom he asked for his support.
Hearst had spent more than $60,000 of his own money in the probe, but still Attorney General Knox was quiescent.
Hatred tied his hands in Congress.
For a freshman Congressman to read political Lessons to graybeard Democrats was poor policy for one who needed to make friends.
A Bay State supporter said, "Mr. Hearst's fight has been helped along greatly by the starting of his paper in Boston".
If anything, the conservative Democrats were more opposed to Hearst than the Republicans.
"It would be a disgrace, and, as I have already said to the people of Tennessee, if Hearst is nominated, we may as well pen a dispatch, and send it back from the field of battle:'All is lost, including our honor'".
The Hearst dollar mark is all over them.
"I'll show you", Hearst replied, grinning.
I have supported the Democratic party in the last five campaigns.
The confused rambling of guerrilla warfare, such as most of Garibaldi's campaigns were, was brought to life by Trevelyan's pen in some of the best passages in the books.
But fifty years later the trilogy still maintains a firm place in the list of standard works on the unification of Italy, a position cautiously prophesied by the reviewers at the time of publication.
In the story of Bright and the Corn Law agitation, the Crimean War, the American Civil War, and the franchise struggle Trevelyan reflects something of the moral power which enabled this independent man to exercise so immense an influence over his fellow countrymen for so long.
But his concentration on personalities and his categorical assessment of their actions fail to convey the political complexities of a long generation harassed by world-wide war and confronted with the problem of adjustment to an unprecedented industrial and social transformation.
But after 1832, the narrative tends to lose its balanced, many-sided quality and to become a medley of topics, often unconnected by any single thread.
Like Green, Trevelyan aimed to write a history not of "English kings or English conquests", but of the English people.
Tolerance and compromise, social justice and civil liberty, are today too often in short supply for one to be overly critical of Trevelyan's emphasis on their central place in the English tradition.
To most observers, there is little doubt that he placed an artificial strait jacket of unity upon the years of Anne's reign which in reality existed only in the pages of his history.
Ramillies And The Union With Scotland has fewer high spots than Blenheim and much less of its dramatic unity.
We would all meet at ten o'clock at the Kehl bridge, five miles from Strasbourg, and march triumphantly across into Germany.
These principles, however, will not be served by violence in any form.
I replied in the affirmative, taking out my recently acquired titre d'identite et de voyage, on which was stamped a permission to leave France.
"But I have no permission to re-enter France, and I have just left", I told him.
You have just given me permission to leave France, which I did.
But there is no question of a visa.
The students crowded around asking questions, slapping me on the back, and generally being friendly.
Some students from the University returned around six with a large pot containing enough hot soup to last me a week.
The wind from the Rhine was damp and chill, necessitating a fire for warmth.
Twenty thousand world citizens at Stuttgart had signed a petition inviting me to visit their town.
"I'm sorry.
"You see, once I relinquish the position I've already established here, I couldn't regain it without sacrificing the logic of it".
"You have just enlisted for the'Rhine Campaign'".
He never knew how he got there.
While Thomas'injured back led him to restrain his mount from its most violent gait he moved quickly enough when he had to.
In a short time the officer returned and Thomas followed on his heels.
Whatever the military world thought, the political world approved it wholeheartedly.
Halleck described it as the most brilliant of the war.
The casualties in the Army of the Cumberland were 22,807, while for all three armies they were 37,081.
The whistle of Sherman's locomotives often drowned out the rattle of the skirmish fire.
He would ship by rail five pounds per day per animal and the other fifteen pounds that were needed could be picked up off the country.
Thomas tried hard to have his cavalry ready for the test it was to meet, but his plans were wrecked when it was forced into a campaign without optimum mobility and with its commander stripped from it.
It was the hard way to fight a war but Thomas did it without making any disastrous mistakes.
In one of the very few letters in which he ever complained of Meynell, Thompson told Patmore of his distress at having had to leave London before this new friendship had developed further: "
This prospect did not please Mrs. King any more than did the possibility that her daughter might marry a Bohemian, but she used it to suggest to Thompson that, "It is not in her nature to love you".
I know you are very busy now, you are writing a great deal & your book is coming out, isn't it?
I wish you would return them to her.
Katie cannot mind your seeing them now;
The "orphaned poems" mentioned in the letter to Meynell comprised a group of five sonnets, which were published in the 1913 edition of Thompson's works under the heading "Ad Amicam", plus certain other completed pieces and rough drafts gathered together in one of the familiar exercise books.
That she was affected by his protestations seems obvious, but since she was evidently a sensible young woman -- as well as an outgoing and sympathetic type -- it would seem that for her the word friendship had a far less intense emotional significance than that which Thompson gave it.
He simply found more work for him to do, and the articles and reviews continued without an evident break.
Similarly, he wrote that Laurence Housman had a "too deliberate manner" as well as a lack of "inevitable felicity in diction".
Through most of 1787 operations on both sides had been lackadaisical;
Repnin, who had a rather narrow face, longish nose, high forehead, and arching brows, looked like a quizzical Mephistopheles.
Though Catherine was vexed at the number of French officers streaming to the Turkish standard, there were several under her own, such as the Prince De Nassau;
At headquarters -- sufficiently far from the firing line to make you forget occasionally that you were in a war -- Lewis found that the Commander in Chief's only desk was his knees (and his only comb, his fingers).
Right now he found Sophie De Witt, that magnificent young matron he had spotted at Kamieniec four years ago.
There's a man who never goes by the ordinary road but still arrives at his goal, who gratuitously gets himself into difficulty in order to get out of it with eclat, in a word a man who creates monsters for himself in order to appear a Hercules in destroying them".
When Littlepage was introduced, if the General behaved as usual, the newcomer faced a staccato salvo of queries: origin?
his dinner fell anywhere from nine to noon;
He dabbled in verse, could get along well among most of the European languages, and was fluent in French and German.
broader leather belt round the waist, holding cartridges and light sabre.
The little official hung his head in shame.
After luncheon we took advantage of the siesta period to try to get in touch with a few people to whom our dear friend Deppy had written.
The curving benches are broken, chipped, tumbled, but still in place, as are the marble chairs, the seats of honor for the legislators.
It had better be good.
It was hit by a shell fired by the bombarding Venetian army and the great central portion of the temple was blown to smithereens.
Gun on shoulder, he would march smartly for a few yards, bring his heels together with a click, make a brisk pirouette, skirts flaring, and march back to his point of departure.
This was the crassest kind of materialism and they, the Artists, would have no truck with it.
Although open to the general public it is not overcrowded;
For a delightful drive out of Athens I should recommend Sounion, at the end of the Attic Peninsula.
To enter it, you go down five or six steps from the road.
A particularly galling phrase was "O.K., Panyotis, we have time at our disposal".
We therefore leave the writer to the enjoyment of the unenvied reputation which the personal abuse he has heaped on us will entitle him to from the low and vulgar herd to which he belongs".
The anonymous correspondent did not resort to innuendoes.
To Pike, silence was tantamount to an admission of guilt, and he determined to get Robinson onto the dueling ground at all costs.
One-armed, gruff, frugally honest, Governor Pope had been the ideal man to assume office in Arkansas after the disgraceful antics of political bosses like Crittenden, and he ruled the state with an iron fist, tolerating no nonsense.
It is but justice to Mr. Steele for us to add that, in the above remarks, nothing is intended to his disparagement, either as a lawyer or as a printer.
If Woodruff could not furnish a strong explanation, the governor insisted that he lower his prices in accord with the scale printed in The Advocate.
2
Pike enjoyed his new social position tremendously, and cultivated in himself those traits necessary to its preservation.
A biographer called him "the premature John the Baptist of New England Transcendentalism".
Gorton sometimes signed himself "a professor of the mysteries of Christ".
Gorton and his family moved to Plymouth.
The unconquerable Mrs. Hutchinson was residing at Pocasset, after having been excommunicated by the Boston church and thrown out of the colony.
He was jailed and banished.
This town should not be confused with Pawtucket, just north of Providence, or Pawcatuck, Connecticut, on the Pawcatuck River, opposite Westerly, Rhode Island.
Following the glorious lead of the heroes of Pawtuxet, they also submitted themselves to the protection of Massachusetts.
The men fortified a blockhouse and got ready to fight, but meanwhile appealed to the King and again tried to arbitrate.
The magistrates were determined to compel them.
2.
The convicts were put in chains, paraded before the congregation at the Reverend Cotton's lecture as an example, and sent to prisons in various towns, where they languished all winter, chains included.
It began in the morning, and very quickly the hemorrhage was a massive one.
That was in the days before blood banks, of course, and transfusions had to be given directly from donor to patient.
"Why can't I, Doctor"?
"Mr. Wolfe had been in declining health for many years and death was not unexpected".
After they had paid all his debts and the funeral costs, Ralph and Fred had some fourteen thousand dollars, as I remember, with which to pay the bequests.
his hospital and doctor bills had been large and his income had been cut until he was receiving little except small rentals on some properties he still owned.
And he didn't, by a long shot!
And that's what he did.
That was Tom's weakness;
And he threatened someday to write a play "with fifty, eighty, a hundred people -- a whole town, a whole race, a whole epoch".
Tom told me about it, how one evening he went over to see the Theatre Guild man.
I came under the spell of a younger group in the church led by the pastor's older son.
The young people were self-energizing, and I was energized.
In the rhyming catechism this doctrine is worded thus: "In Adam's fall We sin-ned all".
From that time to this my religious concern is that I might give effective help to the bringing in of God's kingdom on earth.
We can conceive of no alternatives.
One serves society by conducting a business from which a certain number of employees draw their means of subsistence;
This viewpoint I find interesting, but it has never weighed on my soul.
It is puzzling to the occidental mind (to mine at least) to assign "sacredness" to animal, insect, and plant life.
Respect for personality is a privilege and a duty for us as brothers.
He was then noting that the big eye on the little newt hung back until the little eye had grown up to it, while the little eye on the big newt grew rapidly until it was as big as the other.
Each faded out into the unexplored areas of the future.
Criticism is as old as literary art and we can set the stage for our study of three moderns if we see how certain critics in the past have dealt with the ethical aspects of literature.
They both measure literature by moral standards, and in their political writings both allow for censorship, but the differences between them are also significant.
When he discusses tyrants in the Eighth Book of The Republic, he pictures the poets as willing to praise the worst rulers.
and poetry, with all its emphasis on the passions, encourages the audience to give way to emotion.
for if this can be proved we shall surely be the gainers -- I mean, if there is a use in poetry as well as a delight".
It should have a dramatic form with pleasing language, and it should portray incidents which so arouse pity and fear that it purges these emotions in the audience.
The point is that an ethical critic, with an assist from Freud, can seize on this theory to argue that tragedy provides us with a harmless outlet for our hostile urges.
Both sides agreed that the theater must stand a moral test, but they could not agree on whether the poets were a good or a bad influence.
Although this kind of wholesale objection came at first from some men who were not technically Puritans, still, once the Puritans gained power, they climaxed the affair by passing the infamous ordinance of 1642 which decreed that all "public stage-plays shall cease and be forborne".
In the latter research program, information is available for 2,758 Cornell students surveyed in 1950 and for 1,571 students surveyed in 1952.
Even in such technical curricula as engineering, the senior is much more likely than the freshman to choose, as an ideal, liberal education over specific vocational preparation.
But they are optimistic about their prospects in these regards;
many a people-oriented student who dreams of the M.D. decides to enter his father's advertising agency;
And as they go through college, the students tend to bring their political position in line with that prevalent in the social groups to which they belong.
Detached from their prior statuses and social groups and exposed to the pervasive stimuli of the university milieu, the students tend to assimilate a new common culture, to converge toward norms characteristic of their own particular campus.
It is even true that some among them use the sheer fact of conformity -- "everyone does it" -- as a criterion for conduct.
These personal and social goals often overshadow the goals of intellectual clarity, and spiritual transcendence.
Kluckhohn recently has summarized evidence regarding changes in values during a period of years, primarily 1935-1955, but extending much farther back in some instances.
A picket guard of about 350, mostly Hessians, were attacked by the Americans under Lafayette, and driven back to their camp, some twenty to thirty of them falling before the riflemen's fire.
Now the riflemen and the Marylanders followed up their beginning and closed in on the British, giving them another telling round of fire.
This was accordingly done, and the plight of the grateful Mrs. Morris was much relieved as a result of the generous loan, the amount of which is not known.
Morgan and his corps were placed on the west side of the Schuylkill River, with instructions to intercept all supplies found going to the city and to keep a close eye on the movements of the enemy.
Also, he was now forty-three years old.
The dreary camp at Valley Forge was turned into an arena of rejoicing.
Washington evidently was anxious for Morgan to be cautious as well as aggressive, for on May 17th, 18th and 20th he admonished the leader of the riflemen-rangers to be on the alert.
It is hard not to lay most of the blame for their failures on the pope.
Boniface had to uphold the sacredness of the feudal contract at all costs, for it was only as suzerain of Sicily and of the Patrimony of Peter that he had any justification for his Italian wars, but in the English-Scottish-French triangle it was almost impossible for him to recognize the claims of any one of the contestants without seeming to invalidate those of the other two.
To the pope, head of the universal Church, to the duke of Burgundy, taking full advantage of his position on the borders of France and of the Empire, or to Othon, who found it quite natural that he should do homage to Edward for Tipperary and to the count of Savoy for Grandson, Flotte's outspoken nationalism was completely incomprehensible.
These shifts in alliance and allegiance not only increased the difficulties confronting the English embassy as a whole, but also directly involved the two Savoyards, Amadee and Othon.
In the eyes of those who still cared for such things, it was a reflection on his honor, and it gave further grounds for complaint to his overtaxed subjects, who were already grumbling -- although probably not in Latin -- "Non est lex sana Quod regi sit mea lana".
It was a very tempting offer.
Time went on and everybody got older.
Spring was life -- and Alfred Alpert in his sickroom was death.
He didn't want Alfred to leave me trouble because that's all it would be, and Alfred understood.
For a few minutes there was nothing to hear.
Outside, his brother Harry was waiting for him -- he had come to say good-bye.
I went to visit Alfred in the Kingston Hospital a few times.
He was filled with knowledge of the Bible and the Talmud.
Lilly Banks and I became friends.
To me it was a game, to her it was the deadly seriousness of life.
To people who didn't know her she was a gawky, badly dressed kid whose arms were too long, whose legs were a little too bony.
Karl played well and his favorite song was a Schubert lullaby.
And with the publication of E. T. Leeds'Archaeology Of The Anglo-Saxon Settlements the student was presented with an organized synthesis of the archaeological data then known.
And it is this, particularly the establishment of archaeology and place-name studies on a scientific basis, which are immediately pertinent to the Saxon Shore.
It would seem that the wheel had turned full circle.
For it is their catastrophic concept of the Anglo-Saxon invasions rather than Kemble's gradualist approach which dominates the field.
) of Celtic art forms and a considerable proportion of the Celtic population, reject any institutional legacy from pre-Anglo-Saxon Britain.
Everyone is more or less sceptical and virtually no one has been willing to accept Lappenberg or Kemble's position on that point.
In recent years, however, a wind of change seems to be blowing through early English historical circles.
Therefore, what we must prove or disprove is that there were Saxons, in the broad sense in which we must construe the word, in the area of the Saxon Shore at the time it was called the Saxon Shore.
it meant instead hardship, dirt, and death.
It was Baker, working through Provost Marshal Enoch Crowder and Major Hugh S. ("Old Ironpants") Johnson, who arranged for a secret printing by the million of selective service blanks -- again before the Act was passed -- until corridors in the Government Printing Office were full and the basement of the Washington Post Office was stacked to the ceiling.
In spite of powerful opposition the Draft Act finally passed Congress on May 17, 1917.
The existing Army posts were wholly inadequate.
This enviable record would have been maintained but for a great and unexpected disaster which struck the world with murderous stealth.
Baker moved first;
Baker put the "cribs" and the saloons out of bounds, ordered the co-operation of military officers with local law authorities, and told communities that the troops would be moved unless wholesome conditions were restored.
Ultimately Fosdick's "Fit to fight" slogan swept across the country and every well-known red-light district in the United States was closed, a hundred and ten of them.
The CTCA distributed a khaki-bound songbook that provided the impetus for spirited renditions of the selections found therein, plus a number of others whose lyrics were more earthy -- from "Johnny Get Your Gun" to "Keep The Home Fires Burning" to "Mademoiselle From Armentieres".
We see at once what Victor Hugo means when he calls Macbeth a northern scion of the house of Atreus.
To say this is to set aside the realness of time.
And the entirety of the natural world is party to the action.
Modern roosters have lost the art of crowing restless spirits back to Purgatory.
They are enacted at the heart of the body politic.
And private tragedy became the chosen ground not of drama, but of the new, unfolding art of the novel.
The poet was by definition a realist, his imaginings and parables being natural organizations of reality.
They become philosophic abstractions of a private and problematic relevance, or mere catchwords in religious customs which had in them a diminishing part of active belief.
The conventions into which the romantics tried to breath life no longer corresponded to the realities of thought and feeling.
The motif of Faust's love for Helen of Troy goes back to the sources of the Faustian legend.
Mr. Bushell was mentioned in 1602 in the will of Joyce Hobday, widow of a Stratford glover.
Sturley wrote to Quiney that Sir Edward "gave his allowance and liking thereof, and affied unto us his best endeavour, so that his rights be preserved", and that "Sir Edward saith we shall not be at any fault for money for prosecuting the cause, for himself will procure it and lay it down for us for the time".
Sturley quoted Quiney as having written on November 1 that if he had "more monei presente much might be done to obtaine our Charter enlargd, ij faires more, with tole of corne, bestes, and sheepe, and a matter of more valewe then all that".
Richard Quiney the younger, a schoolboy of eleven, wrote a letter in Latin asking his father to buy copybooks ("chartaceos libellos)") for him and his brother.
Baker added: "I pray you delivre these inclosed Letters And Comend mee to Mr. Rychard Mytton whoe I know will ffreind mee for the payment of this monei".
He was allowed forty-four pounds in all, including fees to the masters of requests, Mr. Fanshawe of the Exchequer, the solicitor general, and other officials and their clerks.
No one, he wrote, took any corn of Greville's, for his bailiff of husbandry "swore a greate oathe thatt who soe came to put hys hande into hys sackes for anye corne shuld leave hys hande behynde hym".
Often the historian must consider the use of intuition or instinct by those individuals or nations which he is studying.
All areas of history were either favorably or adversely affected by the geographical environment, and no respectable historian could pursue the study of history without a thorough knowledge of geography.
The desire to substantiate a thesis at the expense of sound research technique smacks more of the propagandist than the historian.
Impartiality to him meant an unwillingness to generalize and to search for a synthesis.
One example of this was his assertion that "all servile revolts must be dealt with by physical force".
Moreover, stated Day, "He always omits facts which tend to disprove his hypothesis".
But it was nothing more than that.
Students of anthropology and comparative religion had long been aware that there was, indeed, a direct connection.
Thus, the Church was born and because of its intrinsic character was soon identified as a conservative institution, determined to resist the forces of change, to identify itself with the political rulers, and to maintain a kind of splendid isolation from the masses.
Stephens had written his classic "incidents of travel" about these regions a hundred years before, and Catherwood, who had studied Piranesi in London and the great ruins of Egypt and Greece, had drawn the splendid illustrations that accompanied the text.
Moreover, he had spent six months on the Galapagos islands, among the great turtles that Captain Cook had found there, and now and then he would disappear into some small island of the West Indies.
Then he began to have epileptic fits.
Of course it was not meant to be.
At Lee Simonson's house, I had dined with Edith Hamilton, the nonogenarian rationalist and the charming scholar who had a great popular success with The Greek Way.
As their interpreter and guide, he had broken with Tuskegee and become a spokesman of the coloured people of the world.
Finally, colleges and clubs took the line that speakers from England were not wanted any longer, even speakers like S.K., so unlike the novelists and poets who had patronized the Americans for many years.
they merely do their best to make it real for others".
On New Year's Eve, Alfred Harcourt drove him up the Hudson to Bill Brown's Training Camp, a well-known establishment for the speedy if temporary rehabilitation of drunkards who could no longer help themselves.
Of course I hope Hal can also, but those hopes are much more faint".
For a time, urging Breasted to give up his public relations work and take up writing instead, he hoped to persuade him to become his assistant in research for the labor novel;
Woodward took occasion to warn Blackman about Lewis's drinking and urged him to "try to keep him sober".
But that sermon, like those of hundreds of other ministers, was yet to be delivered.
And she replied, "I was born in America, but I was conceived in Vienna".
Blackman said that he wanted to apologize for not having prevented Lewis from making that horrible spectacle of himself, that he should have seized him by the neck at once and forcibly hauled him into his bedroom.
He said, "We had a good time tonight, didn't we, Earl"?
He proceeded M.A. in 1632, and B.D. in 1639, being made fellow in 1632.
Small wonder that Milton later boasted of how well his work had been received there, since he attained a rank in the order of commencing bachelors higher than that of any other inceptor from Christ's of that year.
Of course the principal factor in the whole experience was the kind of education he received.
But his greatest achievement, in his own eyes and in the eyes of his colleagues and teachers, was his amazing ability to produce literary Latin pieces, and he was often called on to do so.
The churches, the taverns, and the various other places of the town must have known his figure well as he roved to and about them.
That is, if we can trust that most specious of prolusions, packed as it is with wit and persiflage.
From an exercise involving merely raucous, rough-and-tumble comedy, in his hands the performance turned into a revel of wit and word play, indecent at times, but always learned, pointed, and carefully aimed at some individuals present, and at the whole assembly.
Apparently he was not a participant in the college or university theatricals, which he once attacked as utterly unworthy performances (see Apology, 3:300);
Both abolition of war and new techniques of production, particularly robot factories, greatly increase the world's wealth, a situation described in the following passage, which has the true utopian ring: "Everything was so cheap that the necessities of life were free, provided as a public service by the community, as roads, water, street lighting and drainage had once been.
Ray Bradbury's Fahrenheit 451 (1954) presents a book-burning society in which wall television and hearing-aid radios enslave men's minds;
Not all recent science fiction, however, is dystopian, for the optimistic strain is still very much alive in Mission Of Gravity and Childhood's End, as we have seen, as well as in many other recent popular novels and stories like Fred Hoyle's The Black Cloud (1957);
soyaburgers have replaced meat, and wood has become so precious that it is saved for expensive jewelry;
As the hero, Mitchell Courtenay, explains before his conversion, the job of advertising is "to convince people without letting them know that they're being convinced".
We often say of a person that he "looks young for his age" or "old for his age".
age may be idealistic, believing and much given to professions of optimism.
But there are at least two reasons for contemplating one's mind in even a cracked mirror.
I have known some men and women who said that the selves they are told about or even remember seem utter strangers to them now;
But I will also remind them that I have always been inclined to skepticism, to a kind of Laodicean lack of commitment so far as public affairs are concerned;
With this excuse I have never been much impressed.
Why did I choose to fill these pages in this particular issue with this mixture of rather tenuous reflections and autobiography?
What is the trick"?
namely, the law that prescribes the death penalty for murder when there seem to be no extenuating circumstances.
1,
The theme of The Walnut Trees Of Altenburg is most closely related to its immediate predecessor in Malraux's array of novels: Man's Hope (1937).
It is this larger theme of the "quality of man", a quality that transcends the ideological and flows into "the human", which now forms the pulsating heart of Malraux's artistic universe.
like Malraux he was also serving in the tank corps before being captured, and we learn as well that in civilian life he had been a writer.
Awkwardly and laboriously, in stiff, unemotional phrases, the soldiers continue to bridge the distance between themselves and those they love;
The human is deeper than a mass ideology, certainly deeper than the isolated individual;
Central Asia is sunk in a somnolence from which nothing can awaken it;
And when Vincent Berger returns to Europe, this first result of his encounters with mankind is considerably enriched and deepened by a crucial revelation.
While I fully agree with Sir Anthony's contention, I think that we must carry the analysis farther, bearing in mind that while common peril may be the measure of our need, the existence or absence of a positive sense of community must be the measure of our capacity.
In 1946 Sir Winston Churchill, who had spoken often of European union during the war, advocated the formation of "a kind of United States of Europe".
For a time it appeared that a common European army might be created, but the project for a European Defense Community was rejected by the French National Assembly in 1954.
What is required is the full implementation of Article 2 of the Treaty, which provides: "The Parties will contribute toward the further development of peaceful and friendly international relations by strengthening their free institutions, by bringing about a better understanding of the principles upon which these institutions are founded, and by promoting conditions of stability and well-being.
An equally promising avenue toward Atlantic community may lie through the development and expansion of the O.E.C.D.
And if we do not aspire to too much, it is also within our capacity.
The defect of these proposals is in their attempt to outrun history and their assumption that because something may be desirable it is also possible.
A "concert of free nations" should take its inspiration from the traditions of the nineteenth century Concert of Europe with its common values and accepted "rules of the game".
Even musicians themselves have taken to writing poetry.
Patchen's musicians are outsiders in established jazz circles, and Patchen himself has remained outside the San Francisco poetry group, maintaining a self-imposed isolation, even though his conversion to poetry-and-jazz is not as extreme or as sudden as it may first appear.
In Patchen's eyes, organized churches are as odious as organized governments, and Christian symbols, having been taken over by the moneyed classes, are now agents of corruption.
Art "makings" or pseudo-anthropological myths did not meet all of Patchen's requirements for a poetic frame of reference.
In The Memoirs Of A Shy Pornographer (1945) Patchen exploited this national sentiment by making his hero, Albert Budd, a private detective.
In addition to his experiments in reading poetry to jazz, Patchen is beginning to use the figure of the modern jazz musician as a myth hero in the same way he used the figure of the private detective a decade ago.
He is forced to play for little money, and must often take another job to live.
He has shown considerable ingenuity in adapting his earliest symbols and devices to the new work, and the fact that he has kept a body of constant symbols through all of his experiments gives an unexpected continuity to his poetry.
This angry and exasperated stance which Patchen has maintained in his poetry for almost fifteen years has been successfully modulated into a kind of woe that is as effective as anger and still expresses his disapproval of the modern world.
Neither of these poems is an aberration;
Now he has abandoned all that to be A Writer.
they did not fall into pseudo-glamorous jobs on pseudo-glamorous magazines, but they did whatever nasty thing they could get in order to eat;
Closely related to his illusions about his typicality is Krim's complicated feeling about his Jewishness.
Had Krim gone farther from New York than Chapel Hill, he might have discovered that large numbers of American Jews do not find his New York version of the Jews'lot remotely recognizable.
And again, "how can you write when you haven't yet read'Bartleby The Scrivener'"?
It was "the creation of a monstrous historical period wherein it thought it had to synthesize literature and politics and avant-garde art of every kind with its writers crazily trying to outdo each other in Spenglerian inclusiveness.
Without the good magazines, without their book reviews, their hospitality to European writers, without above all their awareness of literary standards, we might very well have had a generation of Krim's heroes -- Wolfes, Farrells, Dreisers, and I might add, Sandburgs and Frosts and MacLeishes in verse -- and then where would we be?
If, the editors sometimes, dozed and printed pretentious, New, York-mind, dross, they, also printed, Malraux, Silone, Chiaromonte, Gide, Bellow, Robert Lowell, Francis Fergusson, Mary McCarthy, Delmore Schwartz, Mailer, Elizabeth Hardwick, Eleanor Clark, and a host of, other good writers.
He wasn't being, "educated in" those Village bull-sessions, as he claims.
He mentions the beats only once", when he refers to their having revived through mere power and abandonment and the unwillingness to, commit death in life some idea of a decent equivalent between verbal expression and actual experience, but the entire narrative, is written in the tiresome vocabulary "of" that lost "and" dying cause, "and in the" "sprung syntax that is supposed to supplant, our mother, tongue.
At least they hadn't stepped up and asked to see papers in the hated, flat, dialect mispronunciation of Mussolini's home district -- Dogumenti, per favore.
So were a lot of other people.
He knew all about the infection and the fever, and, too, the moment of realization when he saw for himself, threw up his hands and quit, ended the war as a prisoner in Texas.
When they lost it, the French artillery moved in, and that was the end for Garibaldi that time, on 30 April 1849.
I thought: Who is older now?
The sculptor looked at him, let the color drain out of his face, grinned, and looked down into his drink, a bad Martini made with raw Italian gin.
She had her reasons for this.
This would show that somebody, even a foreigner living in Rome, cared.
He is thought either to have been killed by the Fascists as soon as he landed or to have killed himself by flying out to sea and crashing his plane.
The things that happened in police station basements were dirty, grubby, and most often anonymous.
Just no spot, not even a dimesize spot, on her whole body that wasn't bruised, bruise on top of bruise, from beatings.
I had some reasons, too.
The idea of the march pleased her.
This periodical, including weekly statistical supplements, is available for $4 per year from Commerce Field Offices or Superintendent of Documents, U.S. Government Printing Office, Washington 25, D.C.
One-day conferences covering some specific phase of business management, also part of the continuing activities of the Small Business Administration, aid community economic development programs.
SBA serves also as a clearing house for information on products and processes particularly adaptable for exploitation by small firms.
SBA works closely with the principal property disposal installations of the Federal Government in reviewing proposed sales programs and identifying those types of property that small business concerns are most likely to be interested in purchasing.
SBA can make complete facilities inventories of all small business concerns in labor surplus areas within budgetary and staff limitations.
Los Angeles, Calif.;
New Product Introduction For Small Business Owners, 30 cents;
or to supply working capital.
The credit requirements stipulate that the applicant must have the ability to operate the business successfully and have enough capital in the business so that, with loan assistance from the SBA, it will be able to operate on a sound financial basis.
Boston, Mass.;
Philadelphia, Pa.;
The Farm Credit Administration, an independent agency located within the Department of Agriculture, supervises and coordinates a cooperative credit system for agriculture.
To be eligible to borrow from a Bank for Cooperatives, a cooperative must be an association in which farmers act together in processing and marketing farm products, purchasing farm supplies, or furnishing farm business services, and must meet the requirements set forth in the Farm Credit Act of 1933, as amended.
This help is offered to applicants who ordinarily would not undertake the exploration under present conditions or circumstances at their sole expense and who are unable to obtain funds from commercial sources on reasonable terms.
Contact
Nevertheless, we can administer an aid program in such a manner as to promote the development of responsible programing.
The application of conditions in the allocation of aid funds cannot, of course, be mechanical.
The reasons for stressing self-help
Open societies can take many forms, and within very broad limits recipients must be free to set their own goals and to devise their own institutions to achieve those goals.
This includes foreseeing balance-of-payments crises, with adequate attention to reducing dependence on imports and adopting realistic exchange rates to encourage infant industries and spur exports.
A requirement of reasonably honest administration may be politically uncomfortable in the short run, but it is politically essential in the long run.
Encouraging a long-term approach
In several significant cases, such as India, a decade of concentrated effort can launch these countries into a stage in which they can carry forward their own economic and social progress with little or no government-to-government assistance.
It must be recognized as a slow-acting tool designed to prevent political and military crises such as those recently confronted in Laos and Cuba.
(B) the need to plan investment programs.
They must, therefore, be related to long-range development plans.
So, I say, Mr. Speaker, God bless you and keep you for many years not only for this body but for the United States of America and the free world.
Remarks of Hon. Joseph P. Addabbo of New York
At that time, he afforded me the courtesy of his busy workday for such length as I may need, to speak about my background, my hopes, my views on various national and local topics, and any problems that I may have been vexed with at the time.
Mr. Hays.
In the same way I like to think we owe our loyalty as legislators to our community, our district, our State.
It is an answer in its way, individual and highly dramatic, to the charge that the democratic process is necessarily vicious in its campaign characteristics.
And Sam Rayburn is a great man -- one who will go down in American history as a truly great leader of the Nation.
Remarks of Hon. John S. Monagan of Connecticut
On September 16, Sam Rayburn will have served as Speaker twice as long as any predecessor and I am proud to join with others in marking this date, and in expressing my esteem for that notable American, Sam Rayburn.
Vehicle purchase, assignment and use policies.
(4)
Forty-seven states assign or provide vehicles for employees on state business.
Both allowances are governed by conditions and restrictions set forth in detail in the state's Travel Regulations.
Travel allowances.
It should be enough to say that the practice of the state buying automobiles is at least forty years old.
In the past twenty years the ratio of state-owned automobiles per state employees has varied from 1 to 22 then to 1 to 23 now.
The state was confronted with transportation problems similar to those of the individual.
"
Where the pool excels is in its compilation of maintenance and cost-data studies and analyses.
Purchasing practices.
Vehicle purchase, assignment, and use policies
Thus, there has come into being a situation in which the state must raise all of its own revenues and, in addition, must give assistance to its local governments.
Although the laws of the various states, in general, specify the situs of property, i.e., residence or domicile of the owner, or location of the property, the exceptions regarding boats, airplanes, mobile homes, etc., seem to add to the uncertainty of the proper origination point for assessment.
In view of the acceptance accorded the status of motor vehicles for tax purposes, in the absence of any specific provision it would seem entirely consistent to apply the same interpretation to boats or aircraft.
The most realistic way of facing up to this problem would be to have the State take over full responsibility for assessing all taxable property.
In reply to a question of whether they now tax boats, airplanes and other movable property excluding automobiles, nineteen said that they did and twenty that they did not.
Fifteen stated that it was according to location, four by residence of the owner, and nineteen did not answer.
To summarize, it may be said that there is no one prevailing practice in Rhode Island with respect to the taxation of movable property, that assessors would like to see an improvement, and of those who have an opinion, that assessment by the town of location is preferred on the basis of their present knowledge.
It is obvious that this is a potential and lucrative source of revenue for the assessors of those towns where a substantial amount of such property would be subject to taxation.
With minor exceptions, this expansion was instituted either by firms based in Rhode Island or out-of-state manufacturers already operating here.
A primary function is the operation of a Government Bid Center, which receives bids daily from the Federal Government's principal purchasing agencies.
information on foreign and domestic import duties and regulations, licensing, investments, and establishing of branch representatives or plants abroad, and documentary requirements concerning export shipments and arrangements for payment.
These totaled 6,768 pieces of correspondence.
Out of a total of 603 calls, 452 contacts were established with top executive personnel.
Richard Preston, executive director of the New Hampshire State Planning and Development Commission, and Edwin C. Kepler of General Electric Company.
Planning division
(3)
(6)
Recent events -- particularly the necessity of providing planning information for the statewide origin/destination study of the Department of Public Works -- indicate that this schedule will have to be accelerated.
The rural land use study is being carried out under contract by the University of Rhode Island and identifies all agricultural land uses in the state by type of use.
It is not an exaggeration to say that the state government has little or no fiscal control over these units of government.
3.
Pennsylvania closes its fiscal year on May 31.
The uniform fiscal year ensures conformance with another common sense rule, that of having cash in the bank before checks are drawn.
Furthermore, tax collections not immediately needed for current expenditures may be invested in short-term treasury notes, augmenting the town's miscellaneous revenues and reducing the tax levy.
Its elimination would result in the saving of interest costs, heavy when short-term money rates are high, and in freedom from dependence on credit which is not always available when needed most.
Although there are many sound reasons for adopting uniform and coordinated fiscal years in Rhode Island, there are also certain difficulties encountered.
It should be kept in mind that the ease or difficulty with which a town or city can convert to the proposed plan is directly dependent upon the financial condition of that town or city.
the other is how to finance the adjustments when necessary.
No change is required for these towns.
Both have excellent integration of their fiscal tax collection year calendars.
The remaining twenty-three towns have fiscal years which end prior to June 30.
As shown earlier in Table 1, the several cities and towns use widely varied fiscal and tax collection calendars.
As this year marks the centennial of the beginning of the Civil War, this fact is being commemorated with several exhibits throughout the State, but most of all paying tribute to the first Rhode Island Volunteers who rushed to the defense of the City of Washington, putting at the disposal of President Lincoln the only fully equipped and best trained regiment at this time.
It is a sound investment.
This date in 1819 marked the sailing of the S. S. "Savannah" from Savannah, Georgia, for Liverpool.
This is an official preliminary contest of the Miss America Pageant held each September in Atlantic City.
For the purpose of maintaining international peace and promoting the advancement of all people, the United States of America joined in founding the United Nations.
At that time it was a series of sophisticated social dances whose steps were often combined with other steps devised by the choreographer.
Proclamation Thanksgiving Day by John A. Notte, Jr., Governor
And yet, accompanying our gratitude is the realization that we are living in a crucial time.
As used in this Act, the term'saline water'includes sea water, brackish water, and other mineralized or chemically charged water, and the term'United States'extends to and includes the District of Columbia, the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico, and the territories and possessions of the United States.
and (E)
utilize the facilities of Federal scientific laboratories;
foster and participate in regional, national, and international conferences relating to saline water conversion;
All research within the United States contracted for, sponsored, cosponsored, or authorized under authority of this Act, shall be provided for in such manner that all information, uses, products, processes, patents, and other developments resulting from such research developed by Government expenditure will (with such exceptions and limitations, if any, as the Secretary may find to be necessary in the interest of national defense) be available to the general public.
Sec. 7.
Upon the expiration of a period deemed adequate for demonstration purposes for each plant, but not to exceed such twelve-year period, the Secretary shall proceed as promptly as practicable to dispose of any plants so constructed by sale to the highest bidder, or as may otherwise be directed by Act of Congress.
right-of-entry plus enforcement authority;
(B)
(A)
the maximum amount of such payments which may be made on account of such sales made during the calendar year 1964 shall not exceed $4,000,000;
B.
carcinoma of prostate;
Medical Illustration Service
Visual and operable training aids developed by the Medical Illustration Service, were used in support of Army Medical Service mass casualty exercises.
The British and Canadian Liaison Officers, as well as Office of Civil and Defense Mobilization, the American Red Cross, and similar interested organizations were informed from time to time as training aids were developed.
These registries are sponsored by 18 national medical, dental, and veterinary societies and have as their mission the assembling of selected cases of interest to military medicine and of establishing through the mechanism of follow-up of living patients the natural history of various diseases of military-medical importance.
The Clinico-pathologic Conferences have been acknowledged as of great value and in consequent great demand by the small isolated military hospitals.
Space was provided for short-time guest medical exhibits, and the Museum collected new accessions of microscopes, medical, surgical, and diagnostic instruments, uniform, and similar items of historical medico-military significance.
Its supplement, The Medical Technicians Bulletin, supplied similar material to enlisted medical personnel.
The use of 100 instead of 140 substance paper plus the adoption of side stapling beginning with the May 1960 issue reduced costs sufficiently to allow completion of the fiscal year with nearly $4,000 in unexpended funds.
This work gave a heat of formation of aluminum fluoride which closely substantiates a value which had been determined by a less direct method, and raises this property to 15 percent above that accepted a few years ago.
The shutter consists of two parts: a fast-opening part and a fast-closing part.
Among the most likely producers of detectable radio line spectra are the light diatomic hydrides OH and CH;
Results of this experiment include the frequencies of the two strong spectral lines by which OH may be identified in interstellar gas;
Such an interferometer provides a means of absolute temperature measurement, and may be used as an alternative to the gas thermometer.
The reproducibilities of helium vapor-pressure thermometers have been investigated in conjunction with a "constant temperature" liquid helium bath from 4.2 to 1.8 Af.
A prototype which fulfills the requirements was developed and thoroughly tested.
The results of the study, based on collision integrals computed from the latest critically evaluated data on intermolecular forces in air, will be reported in the form of a table of viscosity, thermal conductivity, thermal diffusion, and diffusion coefficients at temperatures of 1,000 to 10,000 Af and of logarithm of pressure in atmospheres from Af to Af times normal density.
Dr. A. V. Astin, NBS Director, opened the 5-day session with introductory remarks, following which a total of twenty-six papers were given throughout the week by NBS scientists, from both the Washington and Boulder Laboratories.
Selected bibliographies and tables of available data are now in preparation.
(E)
The Attorney General shall assign such officers and employees of the Department of Justice as may be necessary to represent the United States as to any claims of the Government of the United States with respect to which the Commission has jurisdiction under this title.
The Commission shall comply with the provisons of the Administrative Procedure Act of 1946 except as otherwise specifically provided by this title.
Such payments, and applications for such payments, shall be made in accordance with such regulations as the Secretary of the Treasury may prescribe.
if a receiver or trustee for any such partnership or corporation has been duly appointed by a court of competent jurisdiction in the United States and has not been discharged prior to the date of payment, payment shall be made to such receiver or trustee in accordance with the order of the court;
Nothing in the Title shall be construed as the assumption of any liability by the United States for the payment or satisfaction, in whole or in part, of any claim on behalf of any national of the United States against any foreign government.
(2)
after completing the payments prescribed by paragraphs (2) and (3) of this subsection, to make payments, from time to time in ratable proportions, on account of the unpaid principal of all awards in the principal amount of more than $1,000, according to the proportions which the unpaid principal of such awards bear to the total amount in the fund available for distribution at the time such payments are made;
Mr. Speaker, for several years now the commuter railroads serving our large metropolitan areas have found it increasingly difficult to render the kind of service our expanding population wants and is entitled to have.
The New York Central has pointed out that this control, if approved by the Interstate Commerce Commission, would give the combined C. & O. - B. & O. Railroad a total of 185 points served in common with the New York Central.
There is a workable alternative to this potentially dangerous and harmful C. & O. - B. & O. merger scheme" --
However, there is a more profound consideration to this proposed merger than profit and loss.
Mr. Dryfoos'outstanding career as a journalist guarantees that the high standards which have made the Times one of the world's great newspapers will be maintained.
.
You can see it, for example, in the extensive efforts President Kennedy has made to enlist solid bipartisan support for his actions toward both Cuba and Laos;
Look at Castro now -- cockier than ever with arms and agents to threaten the Americas.
It could halt a flood of Communist arms and strategic supplies now reaching Castro.
Land-based radar would help with this task.
Plenty, say the experts.
Recognizing the limitations of such a program, the 78th Congress in 1943 passed P. L. 113, which broadened the concept of rehabilitation to include the provision of physical restoration services to remove or reduce disabilities, and which revised the financing structure.
(2) extension and improvement;
These provisions are designed to reflect the differences in wealth and population among the States, with the objective that a vocationally handicapped person have access to needed services regardless of whether he resides in a State with a low or high per capita income or a sparsely or thickly populated State.
Determine the average per capita income for the U. S. based on the last three years.
(Alaska and Hawaii had fixed allotment percentages in effect prior to fiscal year 1962.
) 8.
Determine the particular State's unadjusted allotment for the particular fiscal year.
and second, to increase uniformly the allotments to those States whose allotments are below their maximums, with adjustments to prevent the allotment of any State from thereby exceeding its maximum.
For purposes of this explanation, this percentage is referred to as the State's "unadjusted Federal share".
For each State (except the Virgin Islands, Guam, Puerto Rico, and, prior to 1962, Alaska and Hawaii), determine the average per capita income for the last three years.
(Multiply the result obtained in item 3 above by the amount used for each State in item 1 above.
The outside 4-inch space is filled by mortaring blocks on edge.
The last roof boards are covered with blocks from outside the shelter.
The illustrations in fig. 8 show how to lay a concrete block wall.
The space between them is filled with pit-run gravel or earth.
These are particularly suitable for regions where water or rock is close to the surface.
An underground reinforced concrete shelter can be built by a contractor for about $1,000 to $1,500, depending on the type of entrance.
2.
Therefore, sharp turns in a shelter entrance will reduce radiation intensity inside the shelter.
Continuous low-level lighting may be provided in the shelter by means of a 4-cell hot-shot battery to which is wired a 150-milliampere flashlight-type bulb.
Bunks, or materials to build them, may have to be put inside the enclosure before the shelter walls are completed.
There is a possibility that battery-powered radios with built-in radiation meters may become available.
They should provide for simple recreation.
However, as much time as possible should be spent within the shelter to hold radiation exposure to a minimum.
It would take the chill from the shelter in the beginning.
A family dwelling without a basement provides some natural shielding from fallout radiation.
The central area of the ground floor of a heavily constructed apartment building, with concrete floors, should provide more fallout protection than the ordinary basement of a family dwelling.
"
It rested its decision solely on 7, which reads in pertinent part: "
This, however, did not bar finding that Du Pont had become pre-eminent as a supplier of automotive fabrics and finishes to General Motors;
The judgment must therefore be reversed and the cause remanded to the District Court for a determination, after further hearing, of the equitable relief necessary and appropriate in the public interest to eliminate the effects of the acquisition offensive to the statute.
The Government, deeming these suggestions inadequate, had urged that any judgment include divestiture of Du Pont's shares of General Motors.
In addition, the right to vote the General Motors stock held by Du Pont was to be vested in Du Pont's stockholders, other than Christiana and Delaware and the stockholders of Delaware;
Du Pont's counterproposal was filed on May 14, 1958.
General Motors comprehensively contended that the Government plan would not be "in the public interest" as required by the mandate of this Court.
I am not easily persuaded that a rule accepted by so many people for so many centuries can be so lightly dismissed.
Petitioner was not denied due process in the administrative proceedings, because the statement in question was in his file, to which he had access, and he had opportunities to rebut it both before the hearing officer of the Department of Justice and before the appeal board.
On the brief were Solicitor General Rankin, Assistant Attorney General Wilkey, Beatrice Rosenberg and J. F. Bishop.
361 U. S. 899.
On April 1, 1953, after some six months of full-time "pioneering", petitioner discontinued devoting 100 hours a month to preaching, but failed to so notify his local board.
His claim was therefore "so highly exaggerated", the Department concluded, that it "cast doubt upon his veracity and, consequently, upon his sincerity and good faith".
Nevertheless he had ample opportunity to contest the statement before the appeal board.
But there are other contentions which might be considered more difficult.
It is not essentially different from a memorandum of an attorney in the Department of Justice, of which the Attorney General receives many, and to which he may give his approval or rejection.
In the light of these circumstances, as well as the fact that the issue at trial in this respect centered entirely on the Department's recommendation, which petitioner repudiated but which both the appeal board and the courts below found supported by the record, we find no relevancy in the hearing officer's report and notes.
Foreign policy in its total context
Means must be found to enable us to keep in touch as regularly and as efficiently as possible with our colleagues in other departments concerned with foreign policy.
We want to stimulate ideas from the bottom to the top of the Department.
I would hope that we could create the recognition in the Department and overseas that those who come across little things going wrong have the responsibility for bringing these to the attention of those who can do something about them.
Whether it will strike home for you or not will be for you to determine.
He knows that he is thinking about action in relation to a future which can be perceived but dimly through a merciful fog.
Are private interests sufficiently involved to be consulted?
What type of action can hope to win public support, first in this country and then abroad?
What the American people will do turns in large degree on their leadership.
Nor would it be possible in many cases for them to live in health or any effectiveness on what their counterparts abroad are paid.
7.
8.
In the first year there should probably be considerable emphasis on teaching projects.
It is important, however, that the Peace Corps be advanced not as an arm of the Cold War but as a contribution to the world community.
The already appropriated funds within the discretion of the President and Secretary of State under the Mutual Security Act are the only immediately available source of financing this summer's pilot programs of the Peace Corps.
No matter how well conceived and efficiently run, there probably will be failures.
The Peace Corps thus can add a new dimension to America's world policy -- one for which people here and abroad have long been waiting.
Our own freedom, and the future of freedom around the world, depend, in a very real sense, on their ability to build growing and independent nations where men can live in dignity, liberated from the bonds of hunger, ignorance and poverty.
This use is expected to increase to about 50 million visits by 1972.
5.
This can be accomplished substantially by a continued trend toward better facilities and techniques for fire control and more resources to cope with critical fire periods, and a more intensive application of a program of prevention, detection, and control of insect and disease infestations.
2.
An additional 15 million acres will be given a lesser degree of protection but adequate to meet the average fire situation.
Protection from other damage
These are mostly through highways that carry traffic going from one destination to another.
the protection of forage, timber, and wildlife resources from fire, insects, and disease;
Furthermore, roads that give access to National Forest timber are investments which pay their own way over a period of years.
Approximately 40 percent of the value of the work on roads for access to timber which are planned for this period will be constructed by purchasers of National Forest timber, but paid for by the Government through adjustment of stumpage prices.
And some, which are suitable for tree growing and for other National Forest purposes, are unmanaged or in need of expensive rehabilitation, and are contributing nothing to the economy;
a Navy of 817 active ships and 619,000 men;
I again proposed a reduction in the Army National Guard and Army Reserve -- from their present strengths of 400,000 and 300,000, respectively, to 360,000 and 270,000 by the end of the fiscal year 1961.
Operation and maintenance.
As I have stated previously, the Attorney General has advised me that this section violates fundamental constitutional principles.
New obligational authority for 1961 recommended in this budget for aircraft procurement (excluding amounts for related research and construction) totals $4,753 million, which is $1,390 million below that enacted for 1960.
This has necessitated a continuous review and reevaluation of the defense program in order to redirect resources to the newer and more important weapons systems and to eliminate or reduce effort on weapons systems which have been overtaken by events.
This project was started at a time when there was a critical need for a high-energy fuel to provide an extra margin of range for high performance aircraft, particularly our heavy bombers.
One of the important and difficult decisions which had to be made in this budget concerned the role of the B-70, a long-range supersonic bomber.
These additional modern bombers will replace some of the older B-47 medium bombers;
The two Governments agree that the issuance of purchase authorizations for wheat and rice providing for purchase after June 30, 1961, shall be dependent upon the determination by the United States Government that these commodities are in surplus supply and available under Title 1, of the Act at that time.
The terms and conditions of the loan and other provisions will be set forth in a separate agreement by the two Governments.
The two Governments agree that they will take reasonable precautions to assure that all sales or purchases of surplus agricultural commodities, pursuant to the Agreement will not displace usual marketings of the United States of America in these commodities, or unduly disrupt world prices of agricultural commodities or normal patterns of commercial trade with friendly countries.
Done at Washington in duplicate this fourth day of May 1960.
(2)
(D)
B.
With regard to the rupees accruing to uses indicated under Article 2, of the Agreement, the understanding of the Government of the United States of America, with respect to both paragraphs 1 (B) and 1 (C) of Article 2, is as follows: (1)
Whenever two or more standard broadcast stations operate simultaneously on the same or closely adjacent frequencies, each interferes to some extent with reception of the other.
This is a phenomenon familiar to all radio listeners, resulting from reflection of skywave signals at night from the ionized layer in the upper atmosphere known as the ionosphere.
It was determined that the hours of sunrise and sunset, respectively, should be used for this purpose.
As mentioned, the allocation of AM stations represents a balance between protection against interference and the provision of opportunity for an adequate number of stations.
Some 45 frequencies are assigned for use primarily by dominant Class 1, -- A or Class 1, -- B clear-channel stations, designed to operate with adequate power and to provide service -- both groundwave and (at night) skywave -- over large areas and at great distances, being protected against interference to the degree necessary to achieve this objective.
In the allocation pattern worked out for these frequencies, the provision of long-range service has to some extent been subordinated to the other two objectives -- assignment of multiple facilities, and assignment of stations in as many communities as possible.
9.
The words amended return should be plainly written across the top of such return.
The filing of an original or amended declaration, otherwise due on January 15, 1962, is also waived, if you file your Form 1040 for 1961 and pay the full tax by January 31, 1962.
Suppose John Jones, who, for 1960, filed on the basis of a calendar year, died June 20, 1961.
Any failure to file timely returns or make estimated tax payments when due must be fully explained.
Military or Naval Personnel on duty in Alaska or outside the United States and Puerto Rico are also allowed this automatic extension of time for filing their returns.
Payment by check or money order.
Where to file.
To compute your adjusted gross income you total all items of income.
)
) income from estates and trusts.
They may be claimed only by itemizing them on page 2 of Form 1040.
If your child is under 19 or is a student you may also claim an exemption for him if he qualifies as your dependent, even though he earns $600 or more.
If he had income other than wages subject to withholding, he may be required to file Form 1040.
Their locations in all parts of the United States, and their locations in the several kinds of educational and research institutions that are the principal homes of our intellectual and artistic strengths also are factors in the Trustees'minds.
But the facts about our Advisory Board and its members'duties are only one of several sets of facts about the quest for advice, both reliable and imaginative, on which to base our selections of Fellows.
Dr. Gordon N. Ray, Provost, Vice-President and Professor of English in the University of Illinois, was appointed Associate Secretary General.
The effective recognition of excellence and its nurture has to be learned and is not learned in a day, nor even in a year.
Isaac Newton, at the age of twenty-three, industriously calculating logarithms "to two and fifty places" during the great plague year in England, 1665;
That is, to put it realistically, they had to run their businesses at a profit, or they had to get the votes to get elected.
Hence, the condition of freedom is a necessary condition for choice.
We do not favor one field over another: we think that all inquiry, all scholarly and artistic creation, is good -- provided only that it contributes to a sense and understanding of the true ends of life, as all first-rate scholarship and artistic creation does.
This enterprise led to a father-and-son combination beginning in 1833, under the name D. Brown & Son, a business which eventually grew into the modern corporation we now call Brown & Sharpe.
the company became "J. R. Brown & Sharpe", and entered into a new and important period of its development.
Curious as to what made it work, he built a crude model of it in wood, and filed a piece of steel until he succeeded in making a metal pickup for the thread, enabling the crude machine to take stitches.
The original machine, bearing its famous serial number, is still on exhibition at the Brown & Sharpe Precision Center in Providence.
That achievement was his creation of the universal grinding machine, which made its appearance in 1876 at the Philadelphia Centennial Exposition.
Mr. Viall possessed remarkable talents for the leadership and development of men.
The company is still broadening its line and is now active on four major fronts.
Outlook for current year
But more important, we believe, it must concentrate on the development of entirely new concepts in textile processing as do the Unifil loom winder and our more recent Uniconer automatic coning machine.
It transfers yarn directly from the producers'largest package into ideal supply packages for use on Unifil loom winders in weaving stretch yarn fabrics.
The potential market for the machine should be comparable to that of the Unifil loom winder.
This new machine takes up filament yarn from spinneret or extruder and winds large packages at speeds up to 6,000 feet per minute.
PMR is currently supplying components vital to the Titan and Minuteman programs.
New plant facilities
British subsidiary
These arrangements are, in our opinion, very favorable to Leesona.
Personnel benefits
Problems of shifting styles
Orchestra, Band, and Choir have auditions during the week preceding the first day of classes.
A college service of worship is held each Sunday morning at eleven o'clock in the Chapel.
Religious organizations include the groups described below.
to encourage the practice of attending the theater;
They are assisted and advised by members of the Art Department.
The maintenance of Midwest Conference eligibility standards
Soccer Club.
The Saddle Club, open to students proficient in horsemanship, presents the Annual Spring Riding Exhibition, and during the year it offers speakers, movies, breakfast rides, and trips to broaden their knowledge of the sport.
The Bulletin, in five issues: The Report Of The President in August;
The magazine, edited by members of the Carleton Department of English, includes contributions by authors from both within and beyond the Carleton community.
The Publications Board receives applications for the positions of editor and business manager and makes the appointments in the spring previous to the year of publication.
the Carleton Student Association includes all students in college and is intended "to work for the betterment of Carleton College by providing student government and student participation with the college administration in the formulation and execution of policies which pertain to student life and activities".
I believe a further gain is in prospect for 1961.
Auto set production came to about 6.3 million compared to 5.6 million in 1959.
While this may well be true in general, I believe it is also important to keep in mind that some recent developments suggest that over the next year or so military electronics may be one of the most strongly growing areas in an economy which is not expanding rapidly in other directions.
The market for computers and other data-handling continues to expand at the rate of about 30% annually, reaching some $450 million in 1960.
In the military field, incoming orders turned down early in the year, and remained rather slow until late fall when the upturn in procurement of equipment began to make itself felt in rising orders for components.
Mr. Brown will at the same time undertake expansion of VecTrol's custom design program for electronic control users with a greatly increased engineering staff.
He has a Bachelor of Science from the University of Manchester, England.
The president expects faculty members to remember, in exercising their autonomy, that they share no collective responsibility for the university's income nor are they personally accountable for top-level decisions.
He can encourage quality in faculty committee work in various ways: by seeing to it that the membership of each committee represents the thoughtful as well as the action-oriented faculty;
Success will require tact, sensitivity to faculty prerogatives, patience, and persistence.
By supporting the efforts of the many faculty members who are working to attain ever higher standards, the president can encourage faculty leadership.
At one university, the president cites the faculty review committee as "a valued partner of the administration in guarding and promoting the quality of the faculty".
A true university, like most successful marriages, is a unity of diversities Without forcing all components into a single pattern, the preparation of a master plan is an opportunity to consider interrelation of knowledge at its highest level, which a university -- in contrast to a multiversity -- should stand for.
More than one president has found that a long-range plan helps him to attract major gifts.
To provide the continuous flow of information basic to administrative decisions, a number of institutions have established offices of institutional research.
Budgeting must be flexible to allow adaptation to the rapid changes in scientific and technological scholarship.
They will better understand the relationship of their activities to the academic program and they will be able to explain their actions to faculty in terms of mutual goals.
Observations of the radio emission of a planet which has an extensive atmosphere will probe the atmosphere to a greater extent than those using shorter wave lengths and should in some cases give otherwise unobtainable information about the characteristics of the solid surface.
The study of the radio emission of the moon and planets began with the detection of the thermal radiation of the moon at 1.25-cm wave length by Dicke and Beringer (1946).
Steady radiation which was presumably of thermal origin was observed from Venus at 3.15 and 9.4 cm, and from Mars and Jupiter at 3.15 cm in 1956 (Mayer, McCullough, and Sloanaker, 1958, A, B, C), and from Saturn at 3.75 cm in 1957 (Drake and Ewen, 1958).
Other than this very significant result, most of the information now available about the radio emission of the planets is restricted to the intensity of the radiation.
The moon
Very recently, observations have been made at 8-mm wave length with a reflector 22 meters in diameter with a resultant beam width of only about 2'(Amenitskii, Noskova, and Salomonovich, 1960).
This result is plotted along with the 8.6-mm observations of Gibson (1958) in figure 1, A.
A detailed energy balance of the anode was established.
In plasma generators the superimposed forced convection may modify the picture somewhat.
It is apparent from the above and from experimental evidence that the cooling requirements for the anode of free burning arcs are large compared with those for the cathode.
The third method was, to our knowledge, successfully applied for the first time by C. Sheer and co-workers (Ref. 2).
Experimental apparatus
This small pore size was required to ensure uniformity of the flow leaving the anode.
To reduce heat transfer from the hot gas to this anode holder outside the regime of the arc, a carbon shield was attached to the surface providing an air gap of 1/16 inch between the plate and the surface of the anode holder.
Experimental procedure and error analysis
For each mass flow rate the arc voltage was measured.
This calculation results in an enthalpy rise which is somewhat high because it assumes a mass flow equally distributed over the plug cross section whereas in reality the mass velocity is expected to be smaller in the regions of higher temperatures.
The reflection of radiation originating from the anode holder and reflected back to it by the surrounding metal surfaces should also be small because of the peculiar characteristic of the metal surfaces and of the specific geometry.
A tape of cellulose acetate is pulled between the blocks and the tape pulls the fluid or paste with it between the parallel faces of the blocks.
Two of the fluids showed a high-positive normal pressure when undergoing shear, and two showed small negative pressures which were negligible in comparison with the amount of the positive pressures generated by the other two.
It is presumed that this negative head was associated with some geometric factor of the assembly, since different readings were obtained with the same fluid and the only apparent difference was the assembly and disassembly of the apparatus.
Although the Af calculation is obvious by analogy with that for gravitational field and osmotic pressure, it is interesting to confirm it by a method which can be generalized to include related effects.
In the above development we have applied the thermodynamics of equilibrium (referred to by some as thermostatics) to the steady state.
These droplets are distorted by the normal forces just as a balloon would be pulled or pressed out of shape in one's hands.
(D) Since the shape of the drop conforms to the force field, it does not appreciably affect the distribution of forces in the fluid.
Its value was Af from the above data.
The energy for any isothermal work done by the perfect gas must come as thermal energy from its surroundings.
The nuclear dipole effects provide some information on the motions of the hydrogen nuclei, but the symmetry of the Af bond in Af remains in doubt.
Theoretical studies of the hydrogen bond generally agree that the Af bond will be linear in the absence of peculiarities of packing in the solid.
Douglass found Af to be trigonal, Laue symmetry Af, with Af, Af.
The separate layers are joined together by hydrogen bonds.
(2) all hydrogen atoms lie on a sheet, but the sheet is closer to one oxygen sheet than to the other;
Subsequently, we learned from Douglass that his sample contained a few percent Af impurity.
The small reaction occurring at 337-degrees-C is probably caused by decomposition of occluded nitrates, and perhaps by a small amount of some hydrous material other than Af.
Electron microscopic examination of the Af sample showed it to be composed of nearly isotropic particles about 0.3M in diameter.
Background spectra were obtained in all cases.
Spectra were obtained over the temperature range of 77 - 294-degrees-K.
Spectra were also obtained from a sample in a spherical container which was made by blowing a bubble on the end of a capillary glass tube.
and the dwindling built-soap powders as well as soap flakes and granules, none of which are now nationally advertised.
An oversimplified differentiation between soft- and hard-surface cleaning lies in the magnitude and kind of surface involved.
whereas, with a poor formulation, the clothes exhibit a build-up of "tattle-tale grey" and dirty spots -- sometimes with bad results even after the first wash.
In hard-surface cleaning, the inorganic salts are more important than the organic active.
Greasy soils, which are typified by hydrocarbons and fats (esters of glycerol with long-chain organic acids).
In addition, dirt particles can be held onto a soiled surface by sticky substances or by the surface tension of liquids, including liquid greases.
As is well known, detergent actives belong to the chemical class consisting of moderately high molecular weight and highly polar molecules which exhibit the property of forming micelles in solution.
Then during washing, the greasy soil rolls back at the edges so that emulsified droplets can disengage themselves from the sorbed oil mass, with the aid of mechanical action, and enter the aqueous phase.
It does not consider the kinetic effects of the phosphate builders on sorption-desorption phenomena which will be discussed later (see pp. 1746 - 1748).
The photochemical exchange occurs with a quantum yield of the order of unity in the liquid phase at 65-degrees using light absorbed only by the Af.
It should be possible to free carbon tetrachloride of any interfering substances by the usual purification methods followed by prechlorination prior to addition of radioactive chlorine.
Of several methods employed for tagging chlorine with radiochlorine, the exchange of inactive chlorine with tagged aluminum chloride at room temperature was found to be the most satisfactory.
The desired amounts of inactive chlorine and radioactive chlorine were likewise condensed in these cells on the vacuum line following which they were frozen down and the manifold as a whole was sealed off.
The round cells were reproducibly positioned in the light beam which entered the thermostated mineral oil-bath through a window.
Results
Sets of reaction tubes containing 0.2 of an atmosphere of added oxygen in one case and added moisture in another, both gave reaction rates in the range of 0.1 to 0.4 of the chlorine exchanged per hour.
These estimates indicated that the quantum yield for the exchange of chlorine with liquid carbon tetrachloride at 65-degrees is of the order of magnitude of unity.
The Poynting-Robertson effect (Robertson, 1937;
This effect can give rise to a blanket of micrometeorites around the Earth.
Beyond a few million kilometers from the Earth, but still in the region of the Earth's orbit, a prediction of the flux of dust is even more unreliable.
these instruments are installed on rockets, satellites, and space probes.
On May 15, a very large increase occurred with Af of mass between Af and Af;
Pioneer 1, recorded a decrease in flux with distance from the Earth on the basis of 11 counts in 9 hours.
There is a difference in the experimental arrangement, in that the U.S. microphones are attached directly to the vehicle skin while the Russian instruments are isolated from the skin.
A summary of meteorite data, prepared by Whipple (1958) on the basis of photographic, visual, and radar evidence, is given in Table 5-1.
Of course, if there is a dust blanket around the Earth, the fluxes in interplanetary space should be less than the figures given here.
These extrapolated fluxes are about an order of magnitude less than the values from the satellite data and the figures in Whipple's table.
This is much higher than the nickel content of terrestrial dusts and sediments and provides a basis for the determination of the meteoritic mass influx.
Thus, an enemy would probably use this weapon for attack on static population centers such as large cities.
Very small particles, however, in a size range of 1 to 4 microns in diameter are capable of passing these impinging barriers and entering the alveolar bed of the lungs.
Certain other properties of small particles, in addition to those already mentioned in connection with penetration of the respiratory tract, are noteworthy in defense considerations.
Four hundred and fifty pounds was disseminated while the ship was traveling a distance of 156 miles.
Spraying continued along a two-mile course.
The maximum distance sampled was 23 miles from the source.
In tularemia produced by aerosol exposure, one would not expect to find the classical ulcer of "rabbit fever" on a finger.
There is a broad spectrum of organisms from which selection for a specified military purpose might be made.
Some of those who question the value of BW have assumed that the only potential would be in the establishment of epidemics.
In this case, then, the military objective was accomplished with an epidemic agent solely through the results secured in the initial attack.
The air conditioning and ventilating systems of large buildings are subject to attack.
Fahey and Morrison used a single, continuous gradient at constant pH for the fractionation of anti-A and anti-B agglutinins from preisolated **yg-globulin samples.
This serum exhibited titers of 1: 16 in albumin and 1: 256 by the indirect Coombs test.
All samples were tested by both the saline and albumin methods.
These cells were thawed at 37-degrees-C for 30 min and were deglycerolized by alternately centrifuging and mixing with descending concentrations of glycerol solutions (20, 18, 10, 8, 4 and 2%).
The deep concave gradient employed (fig. 2) was obtained with a nine-chambered gradient elution device ("Varigrad", reference (8)) and has been described elsewhere.
Because negative pressure dialysis gave better recovery of proteins, permitted detection of proteins concentrated from very dilute solutions and was a gentler procedure, it was used in all but the earliest experiments.
Sedimentation coefficients were computed as Af values and relative amounts of the various components were calculated from the Schlieren patterns.
The latter procedure gave rise to a small active protein peak (Region 1a) between Regions 1 and 2.
A sample of Fraction Af from group O plasma was dissolved in starting buffer, dialyzed against this buffer and subjected to chromatography using the gradient shown in Fig. 2.
This was later known to be the result of concentrating the minute amount of complete antibody found in these sera;
The blooms of Ribes and of the willow and sloe are the places where large numbers of our early insects will assemble: honeybees, bumblebees, and other wild bees, and also various kinds of flies.
Quite often, honeybees form a majority on the willow catkins.
On this, she builds an "egg compartment" or "egg cell" which is filled with that famous pollen-and-nectar mixture called beebread.
males and mating females do not emerge until later in the season.
Not always, though, does the development of a bumblebee colony take place in the smooth fashion we have just described.
Worse still, in a number of cases it has been claimed that the Psithyrus female kills the Bombus queen.
The bottom part of a burrow has a number of side tunnels or "cells", each of which is provided with an egg plus a store of beebread.
On the basis of its life history, we like to think that Andrena is more primitive than the bumblebees.
I must plead guilty to a special sympathy for nomias.
Laurence M. Klauber put length at maturity at two thirds the ultimate length for some rattlesnakes, and Charles C. Carpenter's data on Michigan garter and ribbon snakes (Thamnophis) show that the smallest gravid females are more than half as long as the biggest adults.
Let us speculate a little on the maximum size of the anaconda.
It is often stated that the largest snakes require five years to attain maturity, but this apparently is an overestimation.
cottonmouth (Ancistrodon), two years.
The anaconda proves to be the fly in the ointment, but the reason for this is not clear;
Oliver has recently used the second-level approach with the largest snakes, and has come to these conclusions: the anaconda reaches a length of at least 37 feet, the reticulate python 33, the African rock python 25, the amethystine python at least 22, the Indian python 20, and the boa constrictor 18-1/2.
and maximum length, with confirmation or amplification of Oliver's figures.
In contrast, Ditmars recorded the average length of seventy-two young of a 19-foot female as 38 inches, and four young were born in London at a length of 35 or 36 inches and a weight of from 14 to 16 ounces.
However, as a field measurement, it is open to question.
the former figure is based on a somewhat unusual birth of four by a Central American female (see chapter on Laying, Brooding, Hatching, and Birth), the latter on a "normal" newly born individual.
The results are too varied to allow generalization.
well defined, but haphazardly arranged, interlobular septa and a thick, remarkably vascular pleura (fig. 9).
This pleural supply is derived both from hilar and interlobular bronchial artery branches.
through the interlobular septa;
and, in contrast, are present to a relatively immense degree on a segmental basis in the dog where lobules are absent (Van Allen and Lindskog,'31).
The opposition to this point of view has its staunchest support in the work of Miller ('50).
One would not expect such an event to occur in animals possessing lungs of types 1, or 2.
In other words, the anastomoses between the bronchial artery and pulmonary artery should be considered as functional or demand shunts.
In addition, a detailed interspecies survey of the incidence of generalized pulmonary emphysema in mammals would be interesting and pertinent.
Lobularity is extremely well developed in type 1;
In type 1 the pulmonary vein closely follows the course of the bronchus and the pulmonary artery from the periphery to the hilum.
The Onset Profile and Completion Profile are constructed to serve as norms for children.
The lower portion necessitates only films of Hand.
It is clear that there are some differences in the ratings, but there is substantial agreement.
The "tip" of the arrow represents extent of difference between the child's completion age and the corresponding mean age for the growth center.
In contrast, for the girl the epiphysis was slightly advanced at Onset and delayed at Completion.
The following summary, based on Figures 5 and 6, is an example of one way of interpreting the 42 figures constructed from onset ages and completion ages of individual children with respect to the appropriate mean age for each growth center.
As an example of the interpretation of an arrow in the figure which exceeds four months in shaft length in conjunction with its position in the figure: girl 2 had a delayed Onset and further delayed Completion.
B.
In addition, the iodoamino acid formed in largest quantity in the intact thyroid is di-iodotyrosine.
C.
The presence of several proteases and peptidases has been demonstrated in the thyroid.
The thyroxine and tri-iodothyronine released by proteolysis and so escaping de-iodination presumably diffuse into the blood stream.
These drugs have no effect on the iodide concentrating mechanism, but they inhibit organification.
There is some evidence that naturally occurring goitrogens may play a role in the development of goitre, particularly in Tasmania and Australia (Clements and Wishart, 1956).
In the presence of a low iodine intake, thyroglobulin labelled in vivo with Af is found to contain more mono-iodotyrosine than normal, the amounts of di-iodotyrosine and iodothyronines being correspondingly reduced.
Brown (1959) has reviewed generally the various methods of assaying TSH, and the reader is referred to her paper for further information on the subject.
In the last few years, the application of chromatographic and other modern techniques to the problem of isolating TSH has led to further purification (Bates and Condliffe, 1960;
The introduction of the United States Pharmacopoeia reference standard in 1952 and the redefinition and equating of the USP and international units of thyroid-stimulating activity have made it possible to compare results published by different investigators since that time.
The case described in this paper is that of an older man who developed disabling muscular weakness while receiving a variety of steroids for a refractory anemia.
Therapy included digitalization and anticoagulation.
Triamcinolone, 16 mg. daily, was resumed and maintained until Feb. 18, 1959.
the serum glutamic oxaloacetic transaminase was 10 units per ml. per min.
Extensive osteoporosis with partial collapse of D8 was found.
The myocardium of the posterior base of the left ventricle was replaced by gray scar tissue over a 7.5 cm. area.
The parenchyma was slightly hyperemic in the apex of the left lung, and there were several firm, gray, fibrocalcific nodules measuring as large as 3 mm.
The gallbladder contained about 40 cc. of green-brown bile and 3 smooth, dark-green calculi measuring up to 1 cm. in diameter.
Cultures taken from the jejunum yielded Monilia albicans, Pseudomonas pyocanea, Aerobacter aerogenes, and Streptococcus anhemolyticus.
The marrow of the vertebral bodies was pale and showed areas of fatty replacement.
As shown in Figure 3, the protoplasm of other fibers was pale, granular, or flocculated and invaded by phagocytes.
Trichrome stains failed to show fibrosis in the involved muscles.
The technique of cutting sections was essentially the same as that described by Coons et al (1951).
As controls other sections were similarly covered with Aj.
The light beam from the lamp was filtered through a half-standard thickness Corning 1840 filter.
This specific fluorescence was readily distinguished from the light green nonspecific fluorescence in consecutive sections stained with 1: 10 dilution of NS and Af or with Af alone.
When 1 ml of conjugate was passed through a column (Af), the first and second milliliter fractions collected were the most specific and gave no nonspecific staining in some experiments, and very little in others.
These conjugates Af had much less nonspecific staining than the previous conjugate (with 50 mg FITC per gram of globulin) while the specific staining was similar in both cases.
The autofluorescence from the walls of the xylem cells was particularly brilliant.
Discussion
The specific staining by both direct and indirect methods showed that WTV antigen was concentrated in the pseudophloem tissue and in a few thick-walled cells in the xylem region, but was not detectable in any other tissues of the root and stem tumors.
It seems to follow that by and large an antagonism exists between the paleo- and the neocortex as far as emotional reactivity is concerned, and that the balance between the two systems determines the emotional responsiveness of the organism.
Facilitatory processes take place between neocortex and hypothalamus via ascending and descending pathways.
Moreover, the dominance in parasympathetic action (with reciprocal inhibition of the sympathetic) at the hypothalamic level induces, by its peripheral action, the autonomic symptoms of sleep and, by its action on the cortex, a lessening in the reactivity of the sensory and motor apparatus of the somatic nervous system.
synchrony prevails in the EEG of the experimental animal after administration of tranquilizers, but asynchrony after application of analeptic and psychoactive drugs.
In both conditions the emotional and perceptual sensitivity is diminished, but no depression occurs such as is seen clinically or may be produced in normal persons by drugs.
(3) in a state of depression, the positive conditioned stimulus may fail to elicit a conditioned reaction but cause an increased synchrony instead of the excitatory desynchronizing (alerting) effect on the Aj.
He showed convincingly that anxiety is a learned (conditioned) reaction and is the basis of experimental and clinical neuroses and assumed, therefore, that the neuronal changes which underlie the neuroses are functional and reversible.
For the interpretation of these significant investigations, it should be remembered that reciprocal relations exist in the hypothalamus with respect to autonomic and somatic functions which are closely associated with the emotions.
In view of the important role which emotional disturbances play in the genesis of neurotic and psychotic disorders and the parallelism observed between autonomic states and psychological behavior in several instances, it is further suggested that a hypothalamic imbalance may play an important role in initiating mental changes.
This is clearly a deficiency in T.
The reader will find it helpful to think of the special case when the primes are of degree 1, and even more particularly, to think of the proof of Theorem 10, a special case of this theorem.
The idea of the proof is this.
Since Af and P divides Af for Af, we have Af.
This shows that the minimal polynomial for Af divides Af.
Let us put Af.
Let T be a linear operator on the finite-dimensional vector space V over the field F.
hence they commute with D and with N.
for since it is nilpotent, the minimal polynomial for this operator is of the form Af for some Af;
It is a very interesting fact that these two problems can be handled simultaneously and this is what we shall do in the next chapter.
Then Af.
It is very easy to establish by induction on R that if F is in Af then Af;
The binomial probability distribution may describe the variation that occurs from one set of trials of such a binomial experiment to another.
Aces (ones) with three dice.
Experiments are often composed of several identical trials, and sometimes experiments themselves are repeated.
Each Friday one manager is chosen by lot to stay late and load the equipment on a truck.
Since the choice is by lot each week, the outcomes of different trials are independent.
for the mice, we restrict attention to litters of eight (Af);
It is natural from the marksman's viewpoint to call a bull's-eye a success, but in the mice example it is arbitrary which category corresponds to straight hair in a mouse.
Note that we need not know the value of p, for the experiment to be binomial.
We want to know the number of people going to the mountains.
The table shows that 0.6 of the boys and 0.6 of the girls vote for picture A.
The constancy of P and the independence are the conditions most likely to give trouble in practice.
When each number of successes X is paired with its probability of occurrence Af, the set of pairs Af, is a probability function called a binomial distribution.
The marksman gets two bull's-eyes, one on his third shot and one on his fifth.
A square inscribed in a curve C means a square with its four corner points on the curve, though it may not lie entirely in the interior of C.
Each point on C, as a vertex, may possess a finite number of corresponding diagonal points by the above construction.
We will refer to the plane of C and Af as the C-plane and to the plane of the graph as the Aj.
In some neighborhood in the f-plane of any ordinary point of the graph, the function f is a single-valued, continuous function.
Now, to find Af, one needs the intersection of C and Af near Q.
This prevents the occurrence of an infinite sequence of isolated tangent points.
In the second category the function Af has no values defined in a neighborhood Af.
The number of ordinary values of the function f{t} at T will be called its multiplicity at T.
Further, we see by Lemma 2 that the multiplicity of F can only change at a tangent point, and at such a point can only change by an even integer.
As S varies from zero to T, the values of S for which Af and Af cross C will be denoted by Af and Af respectively.
We define these values as Af, and define g{t} in the same way for each T.
On these generators let Af and Af be, respectively, the harmonic conjugates of Af and Af with respect to the two points in which the corresponding generator meets Aj.
Since the complex of singular lines is of order K and since there is no complex of invariant lines, it follows from the formula Af that the order of the involution is Af.
This curve is of symbol Af since it meets **yl, and hence every line of Af in the Af invariant points on **yl and since it obviously meets every line of Af in a single point.
Moreover, C'obviously meets any line Af in a single point.
On C there is a Af correspondence in which the Af points cut from C by a general line, l, of the pencil correspond to the point of intersection of the image of L and the plane of the pencil.
Hence it follows that the involution within the bundle must be a perspective De Jonquieres involution of order Af and the invariant locus must have a multiple line of multiplicity either Af or Af.
For if such were the case, either the plane of the two lines would meet **zg in more than K points or, alternatively, the order of the image regulus of the pencil determined by the two lines would be too high.
These societies can expect to face difficult times.
It may seem to some of them that success can be purchased much less dearly by fishing in the murky waters of international politics than by facing up to the intractable tasks at home.
Progress is impeded by psychological inhibitions to effective action among those in power and by a failure on their part to understand how local resources, human and material, can be mobilized to achieve the national goals of modernization already symbolically accepted.
Above all, we should seek to encourage the leaders of these societies to accept the unpleasant fact that they are responsible for their fates.
It should be American policy not only to encourage effective land reform programs but also to underline the relation of such reforms to the economic growth and modernization of the society.
and there persists the dual problem of maintaining operational unity around a national program of modernization while simultaneously decentralizing participation in the program to wider and wider groups.
Finally, a balance must be effected among project finance, utilization of agricultural surpluses, and general balance of payments support.
The capacity of intellectuals and members of the new professional classes to contribute creatively to national development is likely to be destroyed by a constraining sense of inferiority toward both their own political class and their colleagues and professional counterparts in the West.
Foreign policy now takes on a different perspective and must become skilled not merely at response but also at projection.
In societies like ours, however, its place is less clear and more complex.
Man is first religious;
Death is not permanent defeat and disappearance;
life leads somewhere.
The feeling of individual inferiority, defeat, or humilation growing out of various social situations or individual deficiencies or failures is compensated for by communion in worship or prayer with a friendly, but all-victorious Father-God, as well as by sympathetic fellowship with others who share this faith, and by opportunities in religious acts for giving vent to emotions and energies.
In America also all of our major religious bodies officially sanction a universalistic ethic which is reflective of our common religion.
This explains some group ends and provides a justification of their primacy.
Where such a value system prevails, it always unifies all who possess it;
The codes are mechanism for training in, and directing and enforcing, uniform social interaction, and for continually and publicly reasserting the solidarity of the group.
There is a marked tendency for religions, once firmly established, to resist change, not only in their own doctrines and policies and practices, but also in secular affairs having religious relevance.
The insuperable reward systems that most religions embody have great motivating effects.
Inability to care for the other children, difficulty in feeding the babies, who seemed colicky, bone-weary fatigue, repeated crying episodes, and short tempers reflected the family's helplessness in coping with the stressful situation.
there is room for you, too, Johnnie".
The initial interview must be therapeutic rather than purely exploratory in an information-seeking sense.
Then, too, the utmost clinical flexibility is necessary in judiciously combining carefully timed family-oriented home visits, single and group office interviews, and appropriate telephone follow-up calls, if the worker is to be genuinely accessible and if the predicted unhealthy outcome is to be actually averted in accordance with the principles of preventive intervention.
Thus, casework involving a limited number of interviews is still to be regarded in terms of the quality of service rendered rather than of the quantity of time expended.
Willingness to take the risk of early and direct interpretation (with the proviso that if the interpretation is too threatening, the worker can withdraw) is another prominent feature in these efforts.
For example, child welfare experience abounds with cases in which the parental request for substitute care is precipitated by a crisis event which is meaningfully linked with a fundamental unresolved problem of family relationships.
Achieving.
and core - Negro marriages are proscribed for core members".
Loomis considers ranking a product of the evaluation process.
The comprehensive or master processes activate all or some of the elements within the social system and subsystems.
Subgroups of various types have been found within this system.
In order to attain the goal of group solidarity and to relieve tension, the high fertility rate provides more group members for mate selection, and the clustering of members in groups fosters acceptance of group controls.
It is conceived that one of the means to attain this social distance is that of physical and social isolation.
3.
Communication may be facilitated by means of the high visibility within the larger community.
To the extent that urban life contributes to the breakdown of the group patterns of residential isolation, to that extent it contributes directly to increased exogamy".
"Culturally induced social cohesion resulting from common norms and values internalized by members of the group" is operative in the boundary maintenance of the group as well as in the process of socialization.
Where boundary maintenance describes the boundaries or limits of the group, systemic linkage is defined "as the process whereby one or more of the elements of at least two social systems is articulated in such a manner that the two systems in some ways and on some occasions may be viewed as a single unit.
The regulations require the inscription of each individual (male or female, adult or child) on a separate card (fiche).
The cards of permanent out-migrants are, in theory, sent to an office in the place of new residence.
The system was not well adapted to conditions of life in urban centers.
A number of strong independent agencies, established in some cases with governmental or royal support, have conducted large medical, social, educational and research operations in particular parts of the Congo and Ruanda-Urundi.
Some 30,000 completed schedules with 20 items (collected by sub-chiefs in 1,100 circumscriptions) have been tabulated.
We will deal first with the program in the Congo though this was put into operation later than the other.
The populations of the various districts, or other major divisions, were stratified by type of community (rural, urban, mixed) and, where appropriate, by ethnic affiliation and by type of economy.
and (C) visitors.
Even though the registers may have an incomplete record of persons present in a particular area or include persons no longer living there, they contain precise information on ages, by date of birth, for some of the persons present (especially children in relatively stable communities) and supplementary information (such as records of marital status) for many others.
These area reports will be followed, according to present plans, by a summary report, which will include a detailed statement on methods.
As one of them expressed it, "It has done me a world of good to listen to the naive questions and comments of these not-yet-married people.
this one did.
Why?
Some of these speculations may have some merit, others are somewhat ambiguous.
But the greater part of semester time was actually centered around the attitudes: "So we are married -- now how do we make the best of it"?
Though it did not become known to the writer for some time, a nucleus group had sprung up within the class.
In the main, this course took the following directional high roads.
But just when was an unknown, and of course the longer it did not happen, the stronger her wish and belief that it might not.
In the reproductive area it could be readily observed that all felt freer to discuss things than students had previously in "mixed" marital status sections.
Guilford-Martin personality inventories.
All of the subjects in the Kohnstamm-negative and Kohnstamm-positive groups (as defined for purposes of the personality studies) were compared with those subjects who shifted in Conditions 3, or 4.
One subject changed when given only the information that some people have something happen to their arm when they relax.
Moreover, when the experimenter did inform those subjects that there were some normal people who did not have their arm rise once they relaxed, the Kohnstamm-positive subjects were uninfluenced in their subsequent reactions to the Kohnstamm situation.
Instructions to relax, i.e., to be "spontaneous", and react immediately to whatever impulse they might have, was not sufficiently reassuring until some idea of the possibilities of normal reactions had been given.
The Kohnstamm-positive subjects described the vivid experience of having their arms rise as one in which they exercised no control.
When informed that there were some persons who did not have their arm go up, she commented, "I don't see how they can prevent it".
It is our belief that this readiness to relinquish some control was evidenced by the Kohnstamm-positive subjects in some of the other experimental situations to be discussed below.
When informed as to the various possibilities of normal reactions, they were then able to experience the uniqueness of the present.
An objective scale was developed for rating school neighborhoods from these data.
Twenty-four classrooms in twelve unstructured schools furnished 156 cases, 87 boys and 69 girls.
Children scoring high in compulsivity were those who gave evidence of tension or emotionality in situations where there was lack of organization or conformity to standards and expectations, or who made exaggerated efforts to achieve these goals.
Relationship of Anxiety to compulsivity
The Stanford Achievement Test, Form J, was administered by classroom teachers, consisting of a battery of six sub-tests: Paragraph Meaning, Word Meaning, Spelling, Language, Arithmetic Computation, and Arithmetic Reasoning.
If a child with an I.Q. of 120 scored 5.5 in achievement, his discrepancy score would be, representing of one year of over-achievement.
No significant difference was found in achievement between high and low compulsive children within the unstructured school.
The statistical analyses of achievement in relation to anxiety and teaching methods and the interactions of the two are presented in Tables 3 and 4.
The individual with high anxiety in the structured classroom may approach the learning task with the same increased energy and lowered powers of discrimination.
Analysis
Evaluation
One handled the salesman in a friendly manner, another in a rough manner, and the third in a hesitating manner.
They were, in a sense, "tried out" in realistic situations.
In considering roleplaying for analysis we enter a more complex area, since we are now no longer dealing with a simple over-all decision but rather with the examination and evaluation of many elements seen in dynamic functioning.
Entirely concerned with efficiency, he was merciless in criticizing people who made mistakes, condemning them to too great an extent.
or we may say that his attitude was commendable, showing his independence of mind, in his refusal to adjust to the opinions of others.
However, in this case the district manager was led to see the errors of his ways.
The results looked as follows: Af.
To practice new procedures under guided supervision and with constant feedback is the fourth step.
The goal will be to provide the reader with an integrated rationale to aid him in applying roleplaying techniques in this unique training area.
At first I did not know what she meant;
It then occurred to me to ask, "Is that what that woman told you"?
For example, one hebephrenic man used to annoy me, month after month, by saying, whenever I got up to leave and made my fairly steoreotyped comment that I would be seeing him on the following day, or whenever, "You're welcome", in a notably condescending fashion -- as though it were his due for me to thank him for the privilege of spending the hour with him, and he were thus pointing up my failure to utter a humbly grateful, "thank you" to him at the end of each session.
probably it is correct to think of it as a matter of a well-grooved, stereotyped mode of expression -- and no, or but a few, other communicational grooves, as yet -- being there, available for the patient's use, as newly-emerging emotions and ideas well up in him over the course of months.
To a much less full extent, the hebephrenic person's belching or flatus has a comparable communicative function;
His subjective experience may be a remarkably concretistic one.
Implementation of the latter requires storage of information needed only for synthesis.
Finally, information is retrieved from the dictionary as required by stages of the translation process -- the grammatical description for sentence-structure determination, equivalent-choice information for semantic analysis, and target-language equivalents for output construction.
If cell Af has not previously been assigned as the information cell of a form in the text-form list, it is now assigned as the information cell of Af.
Text reading continues with the next occurrence.
the absence of such a link in the last cell indicates the end of the chain.
If each text form is marked when matched with a dictionary form, the text forms not contained in the dictionary can be identified when all dictionary forms have been read.
The list of text forms in the W-region of memory and the contents of the information cells in the X and Y-regions are no longer required.
The address of the first cell and the number of cells used is written in the information cell for the form.
The former is intended to decrease the amount of work necessary to extend dictionary coverage.
Similarly, if the equivalents for the forms of a word do not vary, the equivalents need be entered only once with an indication that they apply to each form.
Dominant stress is of course more than extended duration, and normally centers on syllables that would have primary stress or phrase stress if the words or longer units they are parts of were spoken alone: a dominant stress given to glorify would normally center on its first syllable rather than its last.
In what's a linguist?
When prepositional complements are divided as in what are you looking for?
If both George and a piece of information George does not have are prominent in the context, but the idea of telling George is new, then dominant stress will probably be on tell in why not tell George?
In the written language then can be underlined or italicized to guide the reader here, but much of the time the written language simply depends on the reader's alertness, and a careless reader will have to back up and reread.
Sometimes strong stress serves to focus an important secondary relationship.
In of all the suggestions that were made, his was the silliest the possessive his represents his suggestion and is stressed.
When the same sequence is equivalent in meaning to I have instructions which I am to leave, dominant stress is ordinarily on instructions.
And patterns of stress are not always unambiguous by any means.
But there is every reason to regard deal as a monosyllable, and because of the fact that /l/ commonly has the quality of AAb/ when it follows vowel sounds, deal seems to be a perfectly satisfactory rhyme with deal.
Papers like these four, if widely read, will contribute importantly to improvement of our analytic work.
These things have been disseminated by other means, but always in the wake of extensive publication of analytic results.
Tone languages use for linguistic contrasts speech parameters which also function heavily in nonlinguistic use.
Neither can be adequately systematized until we are able to separate the two and assign the observed phenomena individually to one or the other.
There we see a basically simple phonemic system enmeshed in a very complex and puzzling morphophonemic system.
The possibilities are few, and the total number of rules may be considerably greater.
There has been a tendency on the part of many American linguists to assume that a phonemic transcription will automatically be the best possible orthography and that the only real problem will then be the social one of securing acceptance.
To do so, he finds it necessary to examine the relevant parts of the phonology thoroughly and in detail.
This restates the already widely known facts in terms of prosodies.
W. H. Whiteley writes on The Verbal Radical In Iraqw.
) These general facts are mentioned to make clear that the total situation in the two families is similar enough to warrant comparison.
Other classes are included only by myself (interrogatives, adverbs) or only by Swadesh and Hoijer (pronouns, demonstratives).
5.
When now we count the frequency of the 71 items in the two language families appearing in the same column or grade, or one column or grade apart, or two or three or four, we find these differences: Af
Thomas'findings are, first, "that the individual items vary greatly and unpredictably in their persistence";
His formula will have to be weighed, may be altered or improved, and it should be tested on additional bodies of material.
Had Hoijer substituted for his 15 adjectival slots 15 good animal and plant items, his rate of stem replacement would have been lower and the age of Athabascan language separation smaller.
Its terms will tend to be labile or vague, and they will fit actual languages more and more badly.
But the farther out he moves, the thinner will be his hold on conclusive evidence, and the larger the speculative component in his inferences.
If of the founders of glottochronology Swadesh has escaped our steady plodding, and Lees has repudiated his own share in the founding, that is no reason why we should swerve.
5.
"You would drive us into shame", he declared.
After "a prolonged study of the Oder line on a map", at Teheran, Churchill "liked the picture".
Believing devoutly as they did in Anglo-Saxon institutions, it was important to both Roosevelt and Churchill that the Poles should have them.
Throughout history, Poland has been the corridor through which the enemy has passed into Russia.
Liberated Europe
This illusion was described in a far-sighted editorial in The New York Herald Tribune, on March 5, 1947, in connection with the submission of the satellite peace treaties to the Senate.
Neither our military, our economic nor our ideological power reached far enough" to determine the fate of East Europe.
An analysis of the election falls naturally in four parts.
Elections have figured prominently in nearly every government program and official address since independence.
The Ifni crisis in the fall of 1957 postponed further consideration of elections, but French consultants were called in and notices of further investigation appeared from time to time.
To minimize the chances of repeating the Balafrej debacle the Ibrahim government was formed.
At the central level the scrutin uninominal voting system was selected over some form of the scrutin de liste system, even though the latter had been recommended by Duverger and favored by all political parties.
As the more conservative group with strong backing from wealthy businessmen, the U.M.C.I.A. was generally favored against the more progressive, labor-based U.N.F.P.
Furthermore, the problems and solutions devised in the electoral experiences of the rapidly changing countries are often of comparative value and essential to evaluating election results.
Since the details of the elections were settled the change of government had no direct effect on the technical aspects of the elections, and may have been more important as an indication of royal displeasure with the U.N.F.P.
There were liberal provisions for dispensation where documents or records were lacking.
The latest major change in this program was introduced by the National Defense Education Act of 1958, Title 8, of which amended the George-Barden Act.
National defense considerations have been the major reason behind most Federal training expenditures in recent decades.
There is little doubt that the students benefit from vocational education.
Courses are provided mainly for post high school day programs;
A prospective industry also may be interested in the long-run advantages of training programs in the area to supply future skilled workers and provide supplementary extension courses for its employees.
All the manuals for setting up vocational courses stress the importance of first making a local survey of skill needs, of estimating the growth of local jobs, and of consulting with local employers on the types of courses and their content.
Much of the available information comes not from the Federal government but from an exchange of experiences among states.
Another problem is who will pay for the training.
This probably would require some support for subsistence as well as for tuition, but the total would be no greater than for the proposals of unemployment compensation or a Youth Conservation Corps.
And then the application of the count rules to the width (horizontally) of the configuration gives us an intial estimate of the probable depth of the decline.
The foregoing have been methods of charting prices, but now let us look at some of the other indices that are customarily charted, and which are looked to for their forecasting abilities.
The quest offers careers.
We mentioned odd-lot indices a few paragraphs ago.
The particular recipe is a matter of individual taste.
And the converse at bottoms.
weak hands react.
Moreover, the taunt concerning the "sophisticated" echelon and its alleged erudition is put to test during every campaign, and accrues only upon results;
Anyone still doubting that this is the only way markets can be is invited to try to imagine a market wherein the majority consistently wins what the minority loses.
Chapter 6, more methods
It is difficult to see any powerful sources of strength on the horizon at this time which would give the economy a new upward thrust.
What does the general business outlook suggest about the trend of long-term rates in 1961?
The principle of "bills only", or "bills preferably", seems so strongly accepted by the Federal Reserve that it is difficult to envision conditions which would persuade the authorities to depart radically from it by extending their open market purchases regularly into long-term Government securities.
We are just beginning the task of trying to win or maintain the friendship of the new African nations against the ruthless competition of the Communist bloc.
However, the impact of a rising rate of household formation this decade should not be exaggerated.
(5)
Markets should become more competitive as consumers become more selective.
In order to focus clearly upon the operation of this one force, which we may call the effect of "public-limit pricing" on "key" wage bargains, we deliberately simplify the model by abstracting from other forces, such as union power, which may be relevant in an actual situation.
The industry with which this model is concerned is a basic industry, producing a substantial share of gross national product.
(We abstract here from technological progress and assume that prices of all other products change proportionately.
Thus, if public pressure sets the effective limit to the price that the industry may charge, this pressure is itself a function of the wage rate.
The industry may deliberately take a strike, not to put pressure on the union, but in order to "educate" the government and the customers of the industry.
D.
The union vigorously demands wage increases from productivity increases, and wage increases to offset cost-of-living increases, but we abstract from these forces here.
Thus, for non-negative changes in the basic wage rate, the industry becomes the active wage-setter, since any increase in the basic wage rate can occur only by reason of industry acquiescence.
Here in 1815 the great nations assembled to legislate not merely for Europe, but for the world.
Political interference in Africa and Asia and even in Latin America (though limited in Latin America by the special interest of the United States as expressed in the Monroe Doctrine, itself from the outset related to European politics and long dependent upon the "balance of power" system in Europe) was necessary in order to preserve both common economic values and the European "balance" itself.
The European customs on which international law was based were to become, by force and fiat, the customs that others were to accept as law if they were to join this community as sovereign states.
No longer did the sovereign look to the law of nations to determine what he ought to do;
He no longer sought to find the law;
The old way of doing things, which depended on a relatively stable community with stable ideas dealing with familiar situations, was no longer adequate to the task.
Law was seen as an emanation of the "sovereign will".
that old customs which inhibited trade be abrogated;
In fact, some -- Anzilotti is the principle example -- went so far as to say that all international law could be traced to the single legal norm, Pacta sunt Servanda.
If this seems arbitrary, its effect was to treat citizens of the District of Columbia equally with citizens of the states -- at the expense of expanding a troublesome jurisdiction.
Such legislation was clarified and extended from time to time thereafter.
Its enforcement was enjoined by a federal trial court.
The railroad, claiming deprivation of property without due process of law, sought injunctive relief.
it does not establish any law (rights) for the federal judges to enforce.
This would satisfy what presumably was Congress'major purpose -- the suability of unions.
A careful student has suggested that "In any new revision (of the Judicial Code) the legislators would do well to remember that the allocation of power to the federal courts should be limited to those matters in which their expertise in federal law might be used, leaving to the state judiciaries the primary obligation of pronouncing state law".
The result, of course, would be that federal law inevitably would mean different things in different states.
Mr. Justice Black led a reversing majority: "Strict local rules of pleading cannot be used to impose unnecessary burdens upon rights of recovery authorized by federal law".
" For present purposes it may be assumed that this charge so narrowly limited speech as to violate the federal Constitution.
To this extent some stretching of the literal meaning of the Committee Report seems justified, since the literal meaning conflicts with the clear implication, if not the language, of the statute.
The Court said the purpose of the section was principally to spare the Government the embarrassment and trouble of dealing with several parties, one of them a stranger to the claim, and to prevent traffic in claims, particularly tenuous claims, against the Government.
The anti-assignment statute was held not to prevent the American corporation from suing for a refund of taxes paid by the British corporation.
The Ruling would not, however, apply to an acquisition of assets for cash.
Section 381(a) applies only to a transfer by liquidation of a subsidiary owned to the extent of at least 80 per cent, a statutory merger or consolidation, an acquisition of substantially all a corporation's assets solely in exchange for voting stock, or a change of identity, form, or place of organization.
The successor corporations have been held entitled to sue on such claims.
Attributes similar to a loss carryover.
Probably the primary reason for special treatment of a net operating loss carryover is the unique opportunity it presents for tax avoidance.
A respondent may want to make alternative answers because he does not know the precise circumstances assumed in the question.
The questionnaire was designed to elicit three types of information: (1) the facts regarding certain characteristics of the respondents, including their experience with, and interest in, securing defense business;
Respondents'opinions regarding negotiated bidding (Part F of the questionnaire) 7.
This test resulted in further revisions of the questionnaire.
D.
Where possible, the name of an executive was supplied along with the company name and address.
The fact that companies on the AIA lists were already participating in the defense program because of the manner of their selection.
The questionnaires were mailed in Seattle, Washington, and sent by regular mail to addresses in the states of Idaho, Montana, Oregon, and Washington.
They continued to arrive until the end of December, 1960, by which time a total of 1,343 returns were received representing 26.8 per cent of the 5,014 questionnaires sent out.
The cards were then processed using standard IBM punch card equipment, including an IBM 650 computer.
During the summer of 1960, it became the setting for a bitter and basic labor-management struggle.
These attempts met with little sucess for a variety of reasons.
Primarily, we became involved in these disputes because of our referral obligations under our farm placement program.
Other provisions of the Act empower the Secretary to adopt regulations necessary to carry out its provisions, and he has done so.
We concluded that we may refer workers to the fieldwork (but not the packing shed work) provided we give them written notice of the packing shed dispute.
) The employer, seeking to continue his harvest, challenged our right to cease referrals to him, and sought relief in the Superior Court of Yuba County.
Legal considerations
The Attorney General of the United States, in considering the power of the Secretary to issue similar regulations under the Wagner-Peyser Act relating to the interstate recruitment of farm workers, has rendered an opinion sustaining his authority.
The impact of noncompliance under the Wagner-Peyser Act is clear: the withdrawal of some $11 million a year of administrative funds which finance our employment service program or, as a corollary, the taking over by the Federal Government of its operation.
Martin and Stendler present evidence that infants and young children can and do solve many problems at a relatively simple perceptual level simply by combining objects and counting them.
How a child feels about himself, about other people, and about the tasks confronting him in school may have as much influence on his success in school as his physical and intellectual characteristics.
3.
Children differ widely in their emotional responses.
the child who had once considered it a treat to accompany his parents on picnics and family gatherings now considers it a bore.
During early childhood boys tease and bully, on the average, more than girls;
after the fourth year it begins to decline.
others never seem able to enter fully into the life of the classroom.
Studies conducted in various sections of the United States indicate that many children in elementary schools are maladjusted emotionally, and that many of them are failing to make satisfactory progress in school subjects.
Teaching methods, learning materials, and promotion policies may inhibit learning and lead to maladjustments for some children.
he cannot be expected to administer all the tests and gather all the information needed about each child in his classroom.
During summer vacation periods these records are stored in the office of the principal.
but the region also embraces some of the staunchest opposition.
Similarly, further desegregation may come from suits pending in three Tennessee cities, Chattanooga, Knoxville, and Memphis.
As a school district, the District of Columbia has had desegregated schools since 1954, shortly after the Supreme Court decision.
The large acreage in the Southwest Redevelopment area beckons white people -- what with high-priced town houses and elevator apartments.
I believe we all want more schools where white and Negro together can and do attend.
Again the problem is how to get it done and in what form to offer the group relations education;
Pupil assignment.
On the one hand do we argue the Supreme Court decision required only that a child not be denied admission to a school on account of his race?
Should Congress authorize the Attorney General to file suit to accomplish admission of a child to a school to which he is denied entrance?
Issue no. 5.
We actually have two issues in this question -- goal and method.
Seldom is there an issue in which class lines can be clearly drawn.
In this case it is primarily a matter of conflict of racial groups rather than social-class groups.
The problem arises, if it does arise, when the educator has to make a choice or a decision within the area of his professional competence, but which bears some relation to the social structure.
that is, they are likely to favor a kind of education that has vocational-advancement value.
They generally vote so as to serve their own constituency, and if the constituency should be solidly middle class or solidly lower class, they might be expected to vote and work for middle- or for lower-class interests in education.
This might be said to be an upper- or an upper-middle-class bias, but the Commission published as one of its staff studies a book by Byron S. Hollingshead entitled Who Should Go To College?
They are predominantly middle- and upper-class people, and undoubtedly share the values and attitudes of those classes.
Maximizing economic and cultural opportunity
And this fact may explain some of the disagreements among the experts as to the more rational formulas for the apportionment of total costs among different units of service.
The Cost Section distinguishes between (directly) variable costs and constant costs in a manner noted in the preceding chapter.
2.
But the major portions of the total costs of a utility business are common or joint to all, or nearly all, classes of customers;
Other services will show different rates of return, some probably much lower and some higher.
Since the company under review is supplying what we are here regarding as only one kind of service, we might suppose that the problem of total cost apportionment would be very simple;
Let us therefore consider each of the three types of cost in turn, recognizing that this simplified classification is used only for illustrative purposes;
Like primitive numbers in mathematics, the entire axiological framework is taken to rest upon its operational worth.
The mere exploration of the unconscious ground of present-day sociology offers a rich vein of philosophical and logical investigation.
(cf. Chapter 9.
(cf. Wetter, 1952:
It is a commonplace that to the degree these special preserves of past philosophic hunting grounds establish an empirical content and suitable methodological criteria, they move away from philosophy as such.
To those raised on Marcel's Homo Viator and Heidegger's das Nichtige, this may seem a modest role for philosophy.
) Whatever philosophy is conceived to be, its rationalist, logistic attitude to evidence should make it clear that it is something other than science.
(cf. McGlynn: 1958.
Specifically, it will be asked whether the "real" questions people ask are not the "ultimate" questions that social science finds itself impotent in the face of.
An operational approach to sociology can never expect abstract certainty, since it is certainty which every new discovery in science either replaces or reshapes.
What were they to do, then, with these awkward judgments of value?
The theory claims to show by analysis that when we say, "That is good", we do not mean to assert a character of the subject of which we are thinking.
I hold, on the contrary, that we mean to assert something of the pain itself, namely, that it was bad -- bad when and as it occurred.
Clearly not.
In the only sense in which badness is involved at all, whatever was bad in the first case is still present in its entirety, since all that is expressed in either case is a state of feeling, and that feeling is still there.
And there is a way in which he might hold that badness did in this case precede our own feeling of disapproval without belonging to the pain itself.
and we are now so fatigued in body and mind that feeling is, as we say, quite dead.
Broad and Ross have lately contended that this fitness is one of the main facts of ethics, and I suspect they are right.
For before someone takes up an attitude toward death, suffering, or their infliction, they have no moral quality at all.
To greet them with repulsion would turn what before was neutral into something bad;
The necessary inference, as the authors themselves interpret it, would seem to be this: "((1) Spatial qualities are not among those grasped by the sense of touch, as such.
(3) How can we be sure that his sense of touch was not profoundly disturbed by his head injury?
And he could recognize, by touch alone, articles which he had handled immediately before, even though they were altogether unfamiliar to him and could not be identified by him;
In what ways, then, did the patient's psychical blindness manifest itself?
This meant, concretely, that the patient could not read at all without making writing-like movements of the head or body, became easily confused by "hasher marks" inserted between hand-written words and thus confused the mark for one of the letters, and could recognize a simple straight line or a curved one only by tracing it.
and this he could do only by going over its mass with the tracing procedure.
-- has now been raised in the reader's mind and in the following form.
their principles of composition stand very close to those which appear in the Homeric epics and the hexameter line.
.
Attica, though important, was not the only teacher of this age.
Further we cannot go, for the Dark ages deserve their name.
Chapter 5 the early eighth century
The Dipylon Geometric pottery of Athens and the Iliad are amazing manifestations of the inherent potentialities of Greek civilization;
The modern student, who knows what was to come next, is likely to place first the factors of change which are visible in the eighth century.
The antecedents of Dipylon vases and of the Iliad lie in the Aegean past.
In their vases were embodied the basic aesthetic and logical characteristics of Greek civilization, at first hesitantly in Protogeometric work, and then more confidently in the initial stages of the Geometric style.
Though the spread of this type of decoration in the Aegean has not yet been precisely determined, it seems to appear first in the Cyclades, which were among the leading exporters of pottery throughout the century.
General manager Pels even suggested that it might be wise to keep the Mexicans in suspense rather than accept their offers to sell out and move away, and try to have a few punished.
To the west of this road was another low bluff, forty or fifty feet high, covered with scrub oak and other brush.
Russell had reached the house as Cook surmised, dismounted, but just as the old trapper opened the door to receive him, he fell into the trapper's arms -- dead.
During the following week, six tons of hay belonging to one rancher were burned;
And the law virtually ignored the situation.
When they were refused entrance to his brother's house nearby, they smashed down the door, broke the window, and threw lighted clothes wet with kerosene into the room.
As he pushed open the door he fell on his face, one of his comrades pulling him inside.
Traveling all night, Clark and twelve men arrived at about seven o'clock May 22.
The Manchester Depot Sewer Company issued 214 shares of stock at $10 each for construction of a sewer in that locality, and assessments were made for its maintenance.
The 1958 town meeting directed town authorities to seek federal and state funds with which to conduct a preliminary survey of a proposed sewage plant with its attendant facilities.
By 1871 L. C. Orvis, manager of the "Western Union Telegraph Company", expressed willingness to send emergency telegrams on Sundays from his Village drugstore.
But companies continued to spring up.
About 1888 J. E. McNaughton of Barnumville and E. G. Bacon became proprietors of the "Green Mountain Telegraph Company", connecting all offices on the Western Union line and extending over the mountain from Barnumville to Peru, Londonderry, South Londonderry, Lowell Lake, Windham, North Windham, Grafton, Cambridgeport, Saxton's River, and Bellows Falls.
The old Morse system was replaced locally by the Simplex modern automatic method in 1929, when Ellamae Heckman (Wilcox) was manager of the Western Union office.
These must have been for local calls strictly, as in May 1900 the "only long distance telephone" in town was transferred from C. B. Carleton's to Young's shoe store.
William Hitchcock, who retired in 1938, was a veteran of thirty-four years'local service.
On June 14, 1900 the Manchester Journal reported that an electrical engineer was installing an electric light plant for Edward S. Isham at "Ormsby Hill".
George Smith, treasurer;
With respect to this view, two points are worth making.
And if he did stand on the margins of modernity, it was not in dying a martyr for such unity as Papal supremacy might be able to force on Western Christendom.
The medieval was the most important to Chambers because he sought to place Thomas More, the author of Utopia, in some intelligible relation with St. Thomas More, the martyr.
We find it in Plato's Republic, and in Utopia More acknowledges his debt to that book.
In Plato's Republic communism is -- to speak anachronistically -- a communism of Janissaries.
The apostolic community was literally an elite: chosen by Christ himself.
Indeed, of all that is his every man is by nature and reason and therefore by conscience obligated to regard himself as a custodian.
it is one of the very few new things in Utopia;
six hours of manual labor a day for all but a handful of magistrates and scholars, and careful measures to prevent anyone from shirking;
While the Daily Post continued to accuse Republicans and the Daily Journal continued to accuse Democrats, the Woonsocket Patriot complained that the Virginia authorities showed indecent and cowardly haste to condemn Brown and his men.
The readers of the Providence Daily Post, however, learned that it was generally conceded that "Old Brown" had a fair trial.
If it failed on occasion to elect its candidates for general state offices by majorities, the failure was due to a lingering remnant of the Know-Nothing party, which called itself the American Republican party.
On Wednesday evening, November 23, 1859, in Warren, Rev. Mark Trafton of New Bedford, gave a "Mission of Sympathy" lecture in which he favorably viewed the Harper's Ferry insurrection.
On November 22, 1859, the Providence Daily Journal stated that although Brown's "pluck" and honest fanaticism must be admired, any honor paid to Brown would only induce other fanatics to imitate his actions.
Despite the opposition of the city newspapers, the Pratt Hall meeting "brought together a very respectable audience, composed in part of those who had been distinguished for years for their radical views upon the subject of slavery, of many of our colored citizens, and of those who were attracted to the place by the novelty of such a gathering".
The next speaker was George T. Day.
He recalled that in Rhode Island a party opposed to the state's condemnation of a man (Thomas W. Dorr) proclaimed the state's action as a violation of the law of the land and the principles of human liberty.
Through 1911 and 1912, as the Cubist facet-plane's tendency to adhere to the literal surface became harder and harder to deny, the task of keeping the surface at arm's length fell all the more to eye-undeceiving contrivances.
It is true that his first collage looks more Analytical than Braque's, which would confirm the date he assigns it.
Instead of isolating the literal flatness by specifying and circumscribing it, the pasted paper or cloth releases and spreads it, and the artist seems to have nothing left but this undepicted flatness with which to finish as well as start his picture.
and it is as if the only stable relation left among the different parts of the picture is the ambivalent and ambiguous one that each has with the surface.
For it had turned out, by a further paradox of Cubism, that the means to an illusion of depth and plasticity had now become widely divergent from the means of representation or imaging.
In the end, Picasso and Braque plumped for the representational, and it would seem they did so deliberately.
nor did Synthetic Cubism fully begin there.
Los Angeles in 1957 finally bowed to the skyscraper.
The freeway with narrowly spaced interchanges concentrates and mitigates the access problem, but it also acts inevitably as an artificial, isolating boundary.
The "leapfrog" was a phenomenon of the railroad and the steam turbine, and the time when the belts of residence surrounding the old factory area were not yet blighted.
The future could be worse.
What hurts most is the damage the automobile has done to central-city retailing, especially in those cities where public transit is feeble.
Accounting procedures which continue to charge a disproportionate overhead and warehouse expense to the main store make the branches seem more profitable than they are.
If the distant patron of the suburban branch has been frightened away from downtown by traffic problems, however, the city store can only pressure the politicians to do something about the highways or await the completion of the federal highway program.
Though Americans usually lived in groups segregated by national origin or religious belief, they liked to work and shop in the noise and vitality of downtown.
The artistic generation after Brumidi was trained in the Paris of that time to a more meticulous standard of execution, and tended to overlook greatness of conception where faults and weakness were easy to find.
Then, advised by the Architect of the Capitol, the Joint Committee for the Library, traditionally responsible for the works of art in the building, ordered the space cleared and painted in fresco, to show "the Peace after the Civil War", "the Spanish-American War", and "the Birth of Aviation", to match as nearly as feasible Brumidi's technique and composition.
Moreover, all three representations must be squeezed comfortably into little more than the length Brumidi allowed for each one of his.
It could be seen that both artists used a very thick final coat of plaster, one half inch, and that both followed the traditional Italian fresco technique as described by Cennino Cennini in the 14th Century, and current in Italy to this day.
As it was, it took the pigment well for six hours, enough for our purpose, and held it firmly in setting.
We were forced, as they were, to work a good deal of tempera into background and dark areas.
This question might be settled by comparing the measurement of the actual circumference with the dimensions noted, presumably in Brumidi's hand, above the various sections of his long preparatory drawing, which has been kept.
On this giddy and oscillating platform over fifty feet from the floor, after a first dusting, we began to wash.
Altogether we found the craftsmanship first rate, especially Brumidi's.
As American artists, it was natural that we would want to meet as many Soviet artists as possible.
Too much damage is done by "experts" who have spent even less time, if any at all, in the U.S.S.R.
I am equally impatient with the shrug of the shoulder, shake of the head of those who no longer care because they have known it for so long;
We stood under a gigantic tree in the rolling country just outside of Moscow looking at silent flowers on the grave of a Russian poet and writer who cherished the love for his country to the point of foregoing the highest international honor.
The socialist environment, it was stated, had cross-fertilized these two extreme seeds and was about to produce a new plant and fruit.
Instead, we became involved in a series of friendly, but overly formal, welcoming addresses to which we had no choice but to reply in kind.
Pozzatti and I could not know then that we would experience this sort of treatment more often in Moscow than elsewhere.
We are quite convinced that one of the main hopes for the future depends upon the informal contacts and exchanges of ideas between individuals.
Like yourselves, we have pride and love for our country.
It is a simple matter, for one so disposed, to take a work like The Sane Society and shred it into odds and ends.
Almost no empirical work has been done on the problem of alienation.
Nor do I think that alienation is nothing more than a projection of the malaise of the intellectual.
Moreover, the conclusions he draws from the findings are not always the only ones possible.
One might use such findings to indicate the strength of informal primary associations in the factory, an interpretation which would run counter to Fromm's theory of alienation.
The failure to keep these two usages distinct presents hazards to the reader.
While the "empirical psychoanalytic" label which Fromm claims sheds no light on the validity of his underlying philosophy, it does increase the marketability of his product.
The method of selection Fromm uses achieves exactly that.
It is of course useful to have a sovereign cause on one's social criticism, for it makes diagnosis and prescription much easier than they might otherwise be.
Aside from Boris himself, one need but examine the secondary roles to place Mussorgsky among the masters of musical portraiture.
it introduces Pimen when he comes before Boris in the last act.
Whatever learning they may have had in their order doesn't disturb them now.
a clever naturalistic touch is Varlaam's labored reading of the warrant.
The effect is as if he had materialized out of nowhere.
This is no assignment for a frivolous girl, she assures him.
To music of a menacing darkness, he describes the powers of Satan gaining control of the girl, poisoning her soul with pride and destroying her beauty.
We have a brief glimpse of the Tsar's public personality, the "official Boris", but our real focus is on the excitement of the crowd -- a significant contrast with its halfhearted acclamation in the opening scene, its bitter resentment and fury in the final act.
There is a quick change from the plaintive song to a conversational tone.
The living as well as the dead now accuse him;
this is met with scorn by the hearers, who claim that Mityukh is lying or drunk.
Though he struggled with philosophy all his life, he never got much beyond the pessimism of his twenties;
About a quarter of Hardy's poems carry an appended date line, usually the year of completion, but sometimes inclusive years ("1908 - 1910") or two separate dates when Hardy worked on the poem ("1905 and 1926") or an approximate date ("During the War").
Satires Of Circumstance and Moments Of Vision, coming during his most productive decade, are relatively self-contained;
and on Christmas Day, 1890, Hardy wrote: "While thinking of resuming'the viewless Wings Of Poesy before dawn this morning, new horizons seemed to open, and worrying pettinesses to disappear" (Early Life, p. 302).
The range of the later poetry is considerably narrower, but the number of successful poems is far greater.
it asserts emotion without evoking it -- that is to say, it is sentimental.
In "Revulsion", on the other hand, the pessimism is a case not proven;
The elegiac tone is Hardy's natural tone of voice, and it is not surprising that the 1912 - 13 poems are consistently and unmistakably his.
Both of them were overcome by the horror of the world in which they found themselves, because at last they could no longer overcome that world with the weapon of a purely lyrical art.
The last time I saw Dylan, his self-destruction had not just passed the limits of rationality.
Both of them did communicate one central theme: Against the ruin of the world, there is only one defense -- the creative act.
They did not actively negate them.
Similarly, the innovations of bop, and of Parker particularly, have been vastly overrated by people unfamiliar with music, especially by that ignoramus, the intellectual jitterbug, the jazz aficionado.
The metaphysical conceits, which fascinate the Reactionary Generation still dominant in backwater American colleges, were embroideries.
Partly this difference is due to the nature of verbal communication.
A poem by Dylan Thomas, a saxophone solo by Charles Parker, a painting by Jackson Pollock -- these are pure confabulations as ends in themselves.
The main line of development today goes back to Lester Young and by-passes them.
Nothing looks less like their work than the happenings of random occasion.
A Tiepolo painting, however confabulated, is a universe of tensions in vast depths.
Alcinous'court bard sings of the discovered adultery of Ares and Aphrodite (Odyssey 8 266-366), and takes up a tale of Odysseus while the Ithacan wanderer listens on (Odyssey 8 499-520).
Assonance seems nearly as severe a curb, although in a celebrated passage William of Malmesbury declares that A Song Of Roland was intoned before the battle commenced at Hastings.
Either poet could quickly and easily select words or phrases to supply his immediate requirements as he chanted out his lines, because the kennings and the epithets made possible the construction of systems of numerous synonyms for the chief common and proper nouns.
This observation is of interest not only to students of Homeric poetry but to students of Anglo-Saxon poetry as well.
It is false to be certain of having discovered in the language of Beowulf such effects as intentional irony.
A ship at dry-dock could be called a foamy-necked floater in Anglo-Saxon or a swift ship in Greek.
at some stage in their evolution they were transcribed.
Anglo-Saxon poetry appears to have no comparable amount of repetition;
Dickens was not for nothing the most theatrical of the great Victorian writers.
Dickens not only reveals character through gesture, he makes hands a crucial element of the plot, a means of clarifying the structure of the novel by helping to define the hero's relations with all the major characters, and a device for ordering such diverse themes as guilt, pursuit, crime, greed, education, materialism, enslavement (by both people and institutions), friendship, romantic love, forgiveness, and redemption.
Since they commonly translate thoughts and feelings into deeds, hands naturally represent action, and since nearly half the characters in Great Expectations are of the underworld or closely allied to it, the linking of hands with crime or violence is not to be wondered at.
It is the similarity between Estella's hands and Molly's ("The action of her fingers was like the action of knitting") that provides Pip with a vital clue to the real identity of both and establishes a symbolic connection between the underworld of crime and the genteel cruelty of Satis House.
When the snobbery that alienates Pip from Joe finally gives way before the deeper and stronger force of love, the reunion is marked by an embarrassed handshake at which Pip exclaims: "No, don't wipe it off -- for God's sake, give me your blackened hand"!
We take leave of Pumblechook as he gloats over Pip's loss of fortune, extending his hand "with a magnificently forgiving air" and exhibiting "the same fat five fingers", one of which he identifies with "the finger of Providence" and shakes at Pip in a canting imputation of the latter's "ingratitoode" and his own generosity as Pip's "earliest benefactor".
i.e., it must be left-justified in the operand column of the coding sheet.
index words 97 through 99 are not available.
When the index words or electronic switches are reserved because of actual usage in the statements described above, the position or order of the statements within the program is not important;
If the one- or two-digit address of an index word or electronic switch is used or is included in the operand of an XRESERVE or SRESERVE statement (see page 99), the corresponding index word or electronic switch is reserved.
Extreme caution should be used, however, to avoid the conflicting usage of an index word or electronic switch which may result from the assignment of more than one name or function to the same address.
Declarative statements are never executed in the object program and should be separated from the program instruction area, placed preferably at its beginning or end.
These addresses are calculated automatically by the processor.
The area may also be provided with additional data during the running of the object program by means of EDMOV or move macro-instructions.
diocs -- define input/output control system
When an actual index word or a symbolic address is specified, Autocoder will equate the name IOCSIXF to it.
Their study showed that it was possible to transfer 3 to 4 lb of oxygen / hr. / hp.
For the initial development an oxidation pond was constructed as shown in Figure 1.
The lack of adequate data on the aerated lagoon system prompted the developer to construct an aerated lagoon pilot plant to determine its feasibility for treating domestic sewage.
The sewage flow into the treatment plant was metered and continuously recorded on 24-hr. charts.
Grab samples were collected from the existing oxidation pond to determine its operating conditions.
Ice caused the aerator to overload, straining the drive belts.
The vegetables were not readily metabolized by the bacteria in the aeration unit and tended to float on the surface.
The BOD in the drainage ditch receiving the pilot plant effluent averaged 12 Aj.
Very little protozoa activity existed below 40-degrees-F.
An extended cold spell caused ice to build up on the aerator which was mounted on a floating platform and caused the entire platform to sink lower in the water.
During this study septic conditions developed in the oxidation pond in the spring when the ice melted.
Microscopic examination of the effluent showed that minimum BOD occurred when the algae began to decrease with cold weather.
Mine warfare is being reoriented against submarine targets.
These have sought more and more of what they have.
The result can only be confusion in the public mind.
Some are also in Albania and others are on loan to Egypt.
Antisubmarine warfare does not involve clashes between large opposing forces, with the decision a result of a single battle.
Therefore, the fourth principle of the plan must be that it provide for continuously increasing capabilities in the opponent.
Therefore, the sixth principle of the plan must be that it concentrate on current measures which will reduce future force requirements.
But it must be remembered that the plan should not be oriented geographically.
Full knowledge of the science of oceanography can bring the environment to our side, resulting in an increase in effectiveness of equipment and tactics, a decrease in enemy capabilities, and the development of methods of capitalizing on the environment.
These variations must eventually be measured horizontally as well as vertically.
A most attractive feature is that detection and attack are combined in a single package.
Mobile forces are required to localize and attack detected targets, since the systems are not capable of pinpointing a target.
The 7 carbons of PABA are incorporated directly into metabolite 2 ((as shown with both ring-labeled and carboxy-labeled Af).
-- Research on esterases in mammalian sera was continued.
-- Electron-microscopical and physical-chemical methods were used to demonstrate the renaturation of heat-denatured collagen and ribonucleic acid.
special equipment required for registering respiration and for recording the contraction of smooth muscles under various conditions was developed by the Instruments Section (Victor Jackman, W. C. Barnes, J. F. Reiss);
-- On the basis of a differentiability assumption in function space, it is possible to prove that, for materials having the property that the stress is given by a functional of the history of the deformation gradients, the classical theory of infinitesimal viscoelasticity is valid when the deformation has been infinitesimal for all times in the past.
trace elements in tektites, meteorites, and related materials
Nickel-iron meteorites with sufficient kinetic energy to produce large terrestrial explosion craters may nevertheless melt only small quantities of material.
By applying this general principle, a great number of complex compounds of osmium, ruthenium, iridium, and rhenium, with triphenylphosphine, triphenylarsine, and triphenylstibine have been obtained in this laboratory during the past few years.
structure and properties of macromolecules
These studies are being extended to different polymers to increase our knowledge about the hindrances to rotation around chain bonds.
Experiments carried out over long periods of time in order to allow establishment of a steady state have shown that the onset of contraction and its completion are confined to an interval of several degrees Centigrade and to a concentration range of only several per cent.
Contrary to observations with ethers, no apparent change of the reactivity of the chain ends takes place over considerable periods of time in benzene as solvent.
A third volume remains to be published.
Most of the data used are from Groth's Chemische Krystallographie.
The publication form is that of clothbound books.
Volume 1, containing Parts 1 and 2 was published in 1951;
Preparation of a second edition is in progress under the sponsorship of the Crystal Data Committee of the American Crystallographic Association.
For some substances, auxiliary properties such as the melting point are given.
The second edition should have greater uniformity.
References for Part 1, are given at the end and for Part 2, in the tables.
Substances:
Use of nomenclature, symbols, units, physical constants:
numbers sometimes followed by letters are used so that insertions can be made.
organization:
A supplementary grant from the Geological Society of America helped finance its publication.
the physical property values include hardness, melting point, and specific gravity.
Currency:
(The association of Wiley & Sons with the Dana Mineralogies dates back to 1844 when they published the second edition of the system.
The Air Force Office of Scientific Research has provided financial assistance in the early stages of the Institute's program.
Critical evaluation of all data compiled is not a primary aim of this project.
With the development of nuclear technology, isotopic materials, and machine radiation sources in recent years, the possibilities of applying ionizing radiation to the preservation of foods attracted the attention of investigators in the United States and throughout the world.
Insect infestation is a problem of importance chiefly in stored grain.
Deactivation of enzymes is also possible, although some types require extremely heavy doses of 10 Mrad or more.
For destruction of insects -- about 25,000 Aj.
for example, gamma rays give deeper penetration but cannot be focused or collimated, whereas unidirectional electron beams may be split and directed to both the top and bottom of the food package to be irradiated.
No comparable reductions in the cost of nuclide radiation are foreseen.
Of primary interest are meats.
A prime objective of the Army Quartermaster Corps program is to find the reasons for beef's low palatability and means of overcoming it, since it is a major and desirable dietary item.
ground meats are usually prepared from scrap meats at the local level, whereas irradiation at economic volumes of production would require central processing and distribution facilities.
Radiosterilization (at 3 Mrad) is more expensive than canning, particularly for the cesium-137 source.
Acceptance of radiopasteurization is likely to be delayed, however, for two reasons: (1) the storage life of fresh chicken under refrigeration is becoming a minimal problem because of constantly improved sanitation and distributing practices, and (2) treatment by antibiotics, a measure already approved by the Federal Food and Drug Administration, serves to extend the storage life of chicken at a low cost of about 0.5 cents per pound.
The measurement of topcoats on primers can also readily be carried out.
The pictures of Figs. 3 and 4 show the cracking and peeling types of removal where the coating is detached by failure in a region at, or close to, the interface between coating and substrate.
The cutting (or shearing) removal process has been previously described.
Af is the friction force between chip and knife surfaces, and P is the normal force acting on the face of the knife.
**yc is defined by the geometry of the knife;
The force vector concept of Fig. 6 can readily be applied to this condition also.
This is not a constant value like Af, but varies with the thickness of the coating and the direction and magnitude of the resultants R and Af of Fig. 6.
Chipping mechanism of cohesive failure
Eventually, rupture occurs along the shear plane (9e), and the cycle repeats itself.
And there are even newer foamed plastics that are yet to be evaluated.
And in meeting the demands for urethane foam as a garment interlining, new adhesives and new methods of laminating foam to a substrate have been developed.
Since the mid 1950s, when urethane foam first made its appearance in the American market, growth has been little short of fantastic.
The most important factor in determining what properties the end-product will have is quite naturally the type of hydroxyl-rich compound that is used in its production.
In the prepolymer system, the isocyanate and resin are mixed anhydrously and no foaming occurs.
By varying the formula, this curve may be moved forward or backward along the coordinates to produce any desired compression strength / density ratio.
The higher-density urethane semi-rigid foams usually have stronger flex fatigue resistance, i.e., the 12 lb. / cu. ft. foam has 8 times the flexural strength of the 3 lb. / cu. ft. density.
The foam can be made into slab stock and cut to shape, it can be molded, it can be poured-in-place, it can be applied by spray guns, etc.
The low cost and ease of fabrication of the dies for three-dimensional foam cutting plus the wide variety of shapes, dimensions, and contours that can be tailor-made to customer requirements has made the technique useful for producing case liners, materials handling containers, packaging and cushioning devices, and such novelties as soap dishes, toys, head rests, arch supports, and gas pedal covers.
While there are still many bugs to be ironed out, the technique is fast developing.
At the conclusion of the washing, 8 liters of water at 90-degrees-F (32*0C.) are automatically metered from the rinse reservoir to the washing tubs, 4 liters to each tub.
A reflectance-measuring instrument may be desirable to measure cleaning, whereas Soxhlet extraction is necessary to measure grease removal.
For example Test 3, E 1 refers to a specimen which has been washed by procedure "3 (" (at 160-degrees-F) for a total of 60 minutes in the machine, has been dried in a tumble dryer by procedure "E" and has been subjected to restorative forces on the Tension Presser by procedure "1".
One fin is located every 120-degrees around the inside diameter of the wheel.
The flat-bed press is maintained at a temperature not less than 275-degrees-F (135*0C.).
Detergent, synthetic -- alkylarysulfonate type.
The springs have an extension of 1 inch at Af tension.
This also holds true if restorative forces are applied.
The distances are at least two inches from any edge of the specimen.
Garments.
Add sufficient soap (and softener if required to counteract hard water) to furnish a good running suds, or if desired use a synthetic detergent.
Refill the machine to a level of Af inches with water at 100 - 109-degrees-F (38 - 43*0C.).
Cascading single stages by coupling lens systems, (B)
TSEM tubes have been constructed showing high gain and resolution.
It should be noted, however, that the paraxial resolution is quite similar for both electron optical systems.
The tube design which forms the basis of the theoretical discussion shall be described now.
The second photocathode and both phosphor surfaces are deposited on the fiber plate substrates.
If the input light distribution falls beyond the visible range, Af as expected, since Af.
packing efficiency (F.R.).
As the index of refraction of photosensitive surfaces of the SbCs-type lies around 2, the Fresnel losses at the fiber-photocathode interface are about 0.5 percent and the Af factor for the interstage coupler is 0.95.
For the small diameter fibers now technically feasible and required for about 100 Af resolution, Af.
The same consideration should govern the choice of the second-stage phosphor screen for matching with the spectral sensitivity of the ultimate sensor (e.g., photographic emulsion).
In general, a high anode voltage reduces chromatic aberrations and thus increases the obtainable resolution.
A resolution of 70 - 80 line-pairs per millimeter appears to be feasible.
(2)
He recognized that whatever transformation may be effected in the first stage of an R-stage process, the remaining stages must use an optimal Af-stage policy with respect to the state resulting from the first stage, if there is to be any chance of optimizing the complete process.
If all the operating variables were varied simultaneously, Af operations would be required to do the same job, and as R increases this increases very much more rapidly than the number of operations required by the dynamic program.
"An optimal policy has the property that whatever the initial state and initial decision are, the remaining decisions must constitute an optimal policy with respect to the state resulting from the first decision".
We write this Af.
Let Af where the maximization is over all admissible policies Af.
We also see how the results may be presented, although if n, the number of state variables, is large any tabulation will become cumbersome.
Hence P is the increase in value of the stream minus the cost of operation, that is, the net profit.
We thus have an optimal policy which maximizes the expected value of the objective function for a given Af.
it may in fact be the time that will elapse before the end of the process.
In the system shown in Fig. 7-1, the accelerometer output is amplified and the resulting voltage is applied to the gyro output-axis torquer.
Finally, the gyro-stabilized platform characteristic is represented by Af.
The equation relating input acceleration to output platform angle is Af.
Below this level, the amplifier gain Af is proportional and is of small value, in order to provide adequate noise filtering.
This leveling system will hold the platform on-level, automatically, as long as the system is actuated.
Also, it requires more time as compared to the automatic approach.
The choice of the heading technique is dependent upon the accuracy requirements, field conditions, and the time available to accomplish the heading.
With the transit set up, a mirror on one of the accelerometers is sighted and the platform is turned until it is aligned.
Obviously, the heading accuracy is lessened by such techniques since errors are introduced because of motion of the stand.
It is possible to locate an angular electrical pickoff, which will indicate the angular deviation between the true heading direction and the platform.
The platform is leveled and properly headed, so that the X-gyro input axis is parallel to the east-west direction and the Y-gyro input axis is parallel to the north-south direction.
Scotty did not go back to school.
His father tried to make the food a topic.
Since his seizure, Scotty had had little appetite;
He looked lazy, spoiled, a little querulous.
It was a Negro section of peeling row houses, store-front churches and ragged children.
She would hover over him and, looking like her brother, anxiously watch the progress of Scotty's fork or spoon.
His energy was gone.
it was merely another part of his weakness.
They were far off and looked tiny.
"I imagine you're always battling in school".
He could now but the weakness is very definite;
Scotty watched with disinterest.
Miss Estherson called twice.
She turned to him again.
"Well, there's time, in any case.
And Rachel's or Virginia's reply: "better.
"I'm eating more", he would say.
And another time, without accusation: "You never wore that scarf I bought you".
Was it all vain labor?
There was just too much time.
He had come because he could not live out his life feeling that he had been a coward.
Otherwise, we hold a reception.
Mines.
It was dark.
Thus, stealthily they advanced upstream;
Off in the distance a searchlight flashed on, its beam slashing the sky.
Warren handed him the metal box and Prevot quietly disappeared down the line.
in the distance he saw a band of men who seemed to advance and retreat even as he watched.
They were poems in a strange language, of which he could barely touch a meaning -- enough to make his being ache with the desire for the fullness he sensed there.
Cried the guard who ran from the hut to shout to other men standing about outside.
They refuse to mention or to notice that they are not there.
Smiling at Warren's protestations, the old monk took his grip from him and led him down a corridor to a small parlor.
She was wise enough to realize a man could be good company even if he did weigh too much and didn't own the mint.
"But when it comes to war, the Colonel knows what it is and Jeff doesn't.
Before the fight was over, the Harlem boy had a concussion and Trig was cut up badly.
"All right.
Trig and a very black colored boy from Detroit had killed or put out of action ten guerrillas by grenades and hand-to-hand fighting.
But not Jeff Lawrence.
They cannot stop to grasp and embrace and sit in the back seat of cars along a dark country lane.
He must mentally pull the blinds and close the window, so that all that existed was in the books before him.
But then his son could afford it.
Lawrence stared a minute at the lighted ribbon of traffic, hoping that a clue to his dislike of the Vice President would appear.
It was not a discourteous question, Lawrence decided.
They had brandy in the library.
"So, we have to protect the old man for his own good.
Literally, there was nothing else to do.
In the midst of this crowded region was the Allen African Methodist Episcopal Church.
A knot of old worshippers, chiefly women, listened weekly to a sermon.
He sympathized with them on the loss of their old pastor.
Then Wilson looked over the church and studied its condition.
The school was small, dark and ill-equipped.
there were two or three colored maids employed there.
Behind were privies, for there was no sewage system.
But he told Wilson to "go ahead and try".
It was going to stay forever.
By that time, perhaps something better can be done".
I was just asking about it.
But it had largely disappeared on account of protest by the whites and through growing resentment on the part of the Negroes as they became more educated and got better wages.
Two gas lamps were no more than a misleading glow.
From the outside it was an ordinary enough house of the gentry.
This was the largest house he had ever been in, almost the largest building, except for a hotel.
Still, the sensation always surprised him.
Dr. Verdi had told him to deliver his package in person.
After that, violence was exultantly easy.
Someone blocked the door from inside.
Another man approached, this one fully dressed.
The clammy air revived him.
He felt curiously sleepy, the world seemed far away;
As Sir Giles Overreach (how often had he had to play that part, who did not believe a word of it), he raised his arm and declaimed: "Where is my honour now"?
The commotion had brought her into the wings.
"Well, I guess I know enough to turn you inside out, you sockdologizing old mantrap"!
They strained forward.
But it also looked like a toad, hopping away from the light.
Her action was involuntary.
The beehive voices, for no one could bear silence, drowned out the sound of Mrs. Lincoln's weeping.
Rathbone said he was bleeding to death.
Seizing the bridle, he tugged with all his might and forced Katie to her knees.
He gloated, and his lips slavered.
Then Katie stumbled, and again he was falling, falling!
The train had slowed.
Bong!
Six o'clock!
The clock you heard strike -- it's really the town clock -- was installed last April by Mrs. Shorter, on her birthday".
Stevie whistled when he passed these alien grounds.
When Papa went out to do God's work, Stevie often accompanied him in the buggy, which was drawn by Violet, the new black mare.
Papa pointed a scornful finger at the splashing youth: "Idle recreation"!
"Somebody's got to be a preacher in the family.
He pulled with all his strength at the heavy, brass-bound door, and shuffled along the wainscoted wall.
Perhaps one day He will choose you as He chose me, long ago.
Burt was at Hackettstown and Will at Albany Law School, where they surely could not hear it.
He was Papa's chosen;
Lightning might strike the steeples of the other churches;
Drenched and shaking, he stood near the sweet-smelling stall and dared to pat her muzzle.
"Go on home"!
Stevie envied him.
She was taller than Aggie.
Krist, I wish they could write!
The snow came a little faster now, he noted.
Only one worth a shit, and that's Brandon.
Look at thum.
They're doin it now.
The music drove them off, or away, and he was free to walk on air in a very few moments, humming and jiving within, beating the rhythm within.
Months.
That was really something, coming from Ching.
He halted, and looked around.
But it didn't.
Damn good.
So you're not tryin, Johnson, you bastard you.
The music surged up, but it failed to check it.
Huge glob-flakes hitting the ground, piling higher and higher.
Top dog, sleeping and eating right there with the Staff.
"Yehhh", said Coughlin, testily, eyeing him up and down.
All he does is to bullshit with his squad, and they are the stupidest bastards around.
He watched the snow once again.
He stared out the window.
Is this a nut-house?
Just answer.
I thought I knew.
I hated the goddamn army from the first day I got in anyhow.
So what?
"A learned man"?
For it is such a distinguished place, with such fine works of art and such a big library, that there can be little doubt but that the owner has become depraved by all this culture.
This time as a musician.
"String them onto some sort of little plot, and you'll have a delightful operetta".
Or at least appear to reject it!
These little songs, however, were sweet nothings from the heart, tender memories of his childhood, little melodies that anyone could hum and that would make one want to weep.
A contradiction?
Duclos understood what was bothering Rousseau: that the writer of the Prosopopoeia of Fabricius should now become known as the writer of an amusing little operetta.
And thus torn between his desire to be known as the composer of a successful opera and the necessity of remaining true to his proclaimed desire for anonymity, Rousseau suffered through several painful weeks.
How infuriating all this was!
He felt himself now, as he himself says in his Confessions, at a crucial point of his life.
They pointed out to him.
"But in such a slovenly condition".
Not Louis 15, since even he obeys.
The rider from Concord was as good as his word.
but I do know that he gave the day tone and distinction.
and in that brief interval, a redcoat officer came tearing down the road, whipping his horse fit to kill.
And now the redcoats were coming, and the gunfire was a part of the dust cloud on the road to the west of us.
"Committeemen, hold your fire!
but I have no memory of that.
Isaac Pitt, one of the men from Lincoln, had taken a musket ball in his belly;
I didn't offer any advice, but I certainly did not want to go back to where the officer lay with his brains dashed out.
I went off with Cousin Simmons, who maintained that if he didn't see to me, he didn't know who would.
Cousin Simmons roared.
But the thought occurred that God would want this opportunity used to tell them about Him.
Monsieur Favre sat down in his high-backed stall, lips compressed, eyes glinting.
He is throttling the liberty my father gave his life to win"!
The Abbot of St. Eloi, Claude De Mommor, had been a good friend, but not even he thought Charles deserved burial in hallowed ground.
A carriage crunched by, its dim lights filtering through the gloom.
John leaned upon the stone balustrade.
Severe headaches were frequent.
Refugees poured in, signing the Confession and rules in order to remain, and then disregarding them.
The slow tapping of a cane on the stone steps coming up to the tower interrupted his reverie.
What now?
"You are to be accused of Arianism to confuse the religious who remain loyal".
"There is more to the conspiracy.
"That I would rather be banished with two such Christians than be made the Chief Syndic"!
"Heretic"!
Pierre Ameaux, the gaming-card manufacturer said, his little pig eyes glaring.
A quarter inch this way or that for the hardbake, or the toffee, or the barley sugar, or the sardines, or the bitters, or the condensed milk, or the stationery, or the needles -- what could it mean?
But there was no need, he remembered, for his hand to reach out, for his face to show concern or stoicism.
In this heavy air, however, that device did not seem to help.
He was seeing, somehow, the face of a young boy, the boy Simms Purdew must once have been, a boy with sorrel hair, and blue eyes dancing with gaiety, and the boy mouth grinning trustfully among the freckles.
He saw the figure of a man in a poncho coming up the company street, with an armful of wood.
Into the emptiness of the street, and his spirit, moved a form.
This was one of the Irish women who had built their own huts down near the river.
He could not make out, but he knew that again she was scratching her nose.
He demanded out loud.
Far off, in the dusk, he heard voices singing, muffled but strong.
He had crossed the river which now, beyond the woods yonder, was sliding darkly under the mist.
Those men, lying in the huts, they did not know.
"Gonna give Ole Buckra all his money"?
He licked his lips again.
That po'k, it was so full of skippers it would jump and run and not come when you say, hoo-pig.
She was a child too much a part of her environment, too eager to grow and learn and experience.
Then Laura took her gently and shoved her off again, toward Fritzie: Amy did not laugh -- this was work, concentration, achievement.
In the darkness, she saw him stirring.
Southern California gasped and blinked under an autumn hot spell, drier, more enervating, more laden with man's contrived impurities than the worst days of the summer past.
The maid was very black and very energetic, trim in a yellow pique uniform.
"I'm awful sorry about what's happened", Selena said.
Andrus did not answer him.
"Didn't occur to me my child would be kidnaped when I had it listed", Andrus muttered.
He did not want to bring the Andruses to the station house too early -- Rheinholdt had summoned a press conference, and he didn't want them subjected to the reporters again.
The street cleaner had not yet been around.
a girl in her twenties, fat and sullen, descending the marble staircase;
He imagined they were the kind whose tax returns were never examined (if they were, they were never penalized), whose children had no unhappy romances, whose names never knew scandal.
Their names had not come up in any discussions with Laura, and he had no idea what they would be like.
McFeeley looked puzzled.
She was intimidated by the stove.
While she was settling the teacart, he went back across the hall to their bedroom, opened one of the suitcases, and took out powdered coffee and sugar.
They assured him that they did not expect or need to be entertained.
Nothing was said about hotels or train journeys.
Before he left the apartment he knocked on their door and asked if there was anything he could do for them.
Alix and Eugene on their wedding day.
Though, taken individually, the big rooms were, or seemed to be, square, the apartment as a whole formed a triangle.
Locked.
"Call the Vouillemont, I guess".
It was the end of the afternoon when he took the huge key out of his pocket and inserted it into the keyhole.
He's probably spending the evening with friends".
Damp also.
But if he has time to go swimming, he had time to be with us".
"I don't know.
that is how the Jews prepare a body for burial.
There would be no halos, no angels.
This seemed right to him.
He improvised as he went along, completing a life-size clay figure, then bought yards of an inexpensive material from a draper, wet the lightweight cloth in a basin and covered it over with clay that Argiento brought from the bank of the Tiber, to the consistency of thick mud.
Here, for the most part, they were well treated, as a "reminder of the Old Testament heritage of Christianity";
"Not at all.
In their mid-thirties.
Together he and Argiento built the stand, covering it with blankets.
His image of the Virgin had always been that of a young woman, even as had his memory of his mother.
Here he would have free expression because the material could be moved to distort forms.
The true surge had to be inside the marble itself.
That's enough".
The one thing he missed from his farm in the Po Valley was the animals;
Argiento never left his side, keeping the water boiled, applying hot compresses throughout the night.
The scant flesh grew cool beneath her frantic hands.
They held the funeral the next morning from the crossroads church and buried the little box in the quiet family plot.
Juanita and Mrs. Tussle kept Kate in bed a week until her milk dried.
He had been at lessons in the schoolhouse since they returned from Harpers Ferry.
I aim to keep a little whisky still back in the ridge for my pleasure".
Kate drew more and more on her affection for Joel through the hot days of summer work.
They stayed in their own world on the bluff, waiting for letters and the peddler, bringing the news.
And the old man had given a sly and wicked laugh and said, "Hell, yes!
It had been a big battle, and the Confederate forces had won.
At the landing she saw Juanita, her face flushed pink with excitement, run down the hall from the kitchen to the front door.
She asked him, seeing Juanita's eyes grow bleak.
It would be better for Joel and Uncle Randolph and Mrs. Tussle not to see them.
But I am a slave!
In the ballroom below, the dark had given way to moonlight coming in through the bank of French windows.
She stood there, a large old woman, smiling at the things she would say to him in the morning, this big foolish baby of a son.
The road leading south along the river was shaded with old trees, and in the moonlight the silvery landscape was like a setting for trolls and wood gods rather than the Hudson River Valley of his boyhood memories.
David reached for the pair of pistols in the saddlebags at his feet.
David took a firm hand with it.
On the east side of the island of Manhattan the indifferent hawk knew the East River that connected New York Bay with Long Island Sound.
The news of battle on Breed's Hill had already seeped through, and New York itself was now left in the hands of the local Provincial Congress.
Today, tomorrow, six months, even perhaps a year
He had sent the dispatches downtown to the proper people and had slept.
He knew that many were using it for their own ends.
war was a smugglers'heaven.
David finished shaving, washed his face clean of lather, and combed and retied his hair.
He began to pack the saddlebags.
It aggravated him.
How we travel through the forest is for each man's conscience.
Warsaw!
I hate Warsaw, he said to himself.
Jews.
Lublin generally was the forerunner of what would happen elsewhere.
Lipowa 7, Sobibor, Chelmno, Poltawa, Belzec, Krzywy-Rog, Budzyn, Krasnik.
Was there another Majdanek in the Warsaw area, as they suspected?
I thought you might get in on a morning train".
Styka grumbled about fate.
"I understand".
"He is aware he will not live for twenty-four hours if he betrays you".
"I have to believe it".
You never knew about it, but by God, we taught them respect for Captain Androfski".
I've lost faith, Styka.
He was a square brick of a man with a moon-round face and sunken Polish features.
It will take a few days.
"We get strange orders".
I'd have been more impressed if I hadn't remembered that she'd played Hedda Gabler in her highschool dramatics course.
That evening turned out to be hell like all the others.
It was a walk up on Hudson Street.
We are above being jealous.
I'm not a plaster saint.
I turned around with the percolator in my hand.
She was enjoying the situation.
Of course I had to give her Eileen's address, but she never came near us.
I felt it and it ate on me all the time, but I didn't know how right I was till later.
I couldn't make out what his racket was.
"Oh he's just an international spy", Eileen would shout with her screechy laugh.
The trouble was drinking cost money.
Pat took Eileen and me out to dinner at a swell steak house and told us with tears in his eyes how happy he was we had come together again.
My first thought was how had it happened so soon, but I counted back on my fingers and sure enough we'd been living together six weeks.
Most of them were elderly men.
There was one fact which Rector could not overlook, one truth which he could not deny.
How foolish it was to try to fathom the truth in an area where only faith would suffice.
he was simply to listen and report back what he heard.
Hino was the fourth son of an elderly farmer who lived on the coast, in Chiba, and divided his life between the land and the sea, supplementing the marginal livelihood on his small rented farm with seasonal employment on a fishing boat.
The oyabun was entertaining a group of dignitaries, the secretary said, businessmen from Tokyo for the most part, and Kayabashi wished to show them the mission.
He was about to hang up the phone, but a note of hesitancy in the secretary's voice left the conversation open.
At the same time, it was unlikely that any businessmen would spend a day in a Christian mission out of mere curiosity.
"I should say about a hundred thousand", Fletcher said.
She looked back toward the schoolroom.
As Rector was walking back toward the residential hall, Johnson came out of the basement and bounded up to him.
"You are about to become a first-class surveyor", Rector said.
It was rather a childish game, all in all, but everybody seemed to be getting into the spirit of the thing and he could not remember when he had enjoyed planning anything quite so much.
He replied that he could not imagine what importance there might be in thus meeting with a stranger, but -- joy of joys, he would be at home at the hour mentioned.
There we shall be free and unknown;
"Your voice is delightful", he approved with a warm smile.
They passed close by the turn to Bishopsgate.
Mystery -- that was the thing.
So, not only had he been here before, but it seemed he might well come again.
That would be Minerva, I suppose.
What matter the others so long as I have my place in history".
The bodice beneath was buttoned and, withdrawing his lips from hers, he set her upright on his knee and started to undo it, unhurriedly as if she were a child.
As he declaimed the sonorous measures, it was as much as Claire could do to restrain herself from bursting out with her dramatic tidings.
Chapter 9
She understood completely.
"Poor Mr. Thynne, he always has to be trotted out for my encouragement".
Now, under the impact of his wife's disclosures, he was brought suddenly to the realization that there was a limit to tolerance, however brilliant, however far-famed the offender might be.
-- Beckworth.
-- Yes, sir.
The place smelled strongly of rank, fertile earth, rotting wood and urine.
The men in the boats had started yelling happily at first sight of the officer, two of them calling him Billy.
He had hoped to be alone in the bombproof, but the soldier had followed him.
It was easier to think now, Watson decided.
He grew annoyed and at the same time surprised at that emotion.
Watson snorted and then laughed aloud.
Three Union guards appeared, carrying their rifles at ready.
No one moved to them.
He had reached the three passive guards;
If he failed to reach the riverbank in five minutes, say, then the skiffs would pull away and leave him groping in the mud.
One man dropped to his knee for better aim.
The man's voice was a sweet, patient whisper.
Not like us fellas.
He was no heavier than a child.
The man swayed on a thwart, turning his ruined eyes from side to side.
Watson spoke bewilderedly to the dark night flecked with pine-knot torches.
That was it.
To confess with a canvas chair as a prie-dieu, gouging at his heart until a rough and stupid hand bade him rise and go?
He was grimly satisfied.
She was a pale woman.
Let's throw a little nuclear hardware at them and show them who's boss".
It was her work to go among her neighbors and collect their checks.
It was her destiny;
"I did everybody on my list but the Blevins and the Flannagans.
There was a glass pane in the front door, and through this he could see into a hallway where a plump woman with red hair was arranging flowers.
A fire had just been lighted, he saw, and things had been set out for drinks, and, like any stray, his response to these comforts was instantaneous.
Her voice dropped.
He travelled all over the world.
The thought of this lonely woman sitting at her window touched him, although he was even more touched by her plumpness.
"I've never done this before", they always said, pouring another whiskey.
"Bomb them"!
His worries harried him up out of bed, and he lighted a cigarette and went to the window.
But there was a look about her mouth as though she were tasting lemons.
To Mark: "Please give my regards to Myra".
"Um", said the old lady, and brought her eyes down to the tray.
For an instant the old aunt felt something indefinable flash through her smile.
She was the last living of the older generation.
It could have been anyone's infant, for it had not survived the bassinet.
And it presented itself to him as it would to any stranger, impervious, complete in itself.
Abel moved and adjusted his long legs.
"She's probably getting old -- crotchety, I mean -- and we figured uh-uh, better not.
The air took on a special strength now that they'd left the fecund warmth of the farmland behind.
He saw the Starbird as she lay, her slender mast up and gently turning, its point describing constant languid circles against a cumulus sky.
He'd not care about getting waked so he could give up some of his whisky to a slit of a kid and maybe lose one of his hiding places in the bargain.
"Pap-pap-pap-hey", I said.
I didn't say anything, trying to get my throat clear, but I watched him.
"Get the hell out".
"Nothing to steal from the crib".
"I goddamn well understand".
You're a fool.
"Big Hans made me come.
Then he threw things.
He was rubbing snow on the kid's legs and feet.
"Yeah".
"Listen to me, Jorge, I've had enough to your sassing.
He don't care, and I don't care to have his shit flung on me.
I'd wound Big Hans up tight.
If we had, then one of us would have had to go instead.
It wasn't like getting cheated at the fair.
But now Ma.
But he didn't figure Ma for much.
He's got to thaw slow.
"All right".
"His mouth is open".
I put my arm carefully around him.
He could no longer build anything, whether a private residence in his Pennsylvania county or a church in Brazil, without it being obvious that he had done it, and while here and there he was taken to task for again developing the same airy technique, they were such fanciful and sometimes even playful buildings that the public felt assured by its sense of recognition after a time, a quality of authentic uniqueness about them, which, once established by an artist as his private vision, is no longer disputable as to its other values.
He worked standing, with his left hand in his pocket as though he were merely stopping for a moment, sketching with the surprised stare of one who was watching another person's hand.
So they parted when she was in an impatient humor.
She was forty-nine at this time, a lanky woman of breeding with an austere, narrow face which had the distinction of a steeple or some architecture that had been designed long ago for a stubborn sort of prayer.
She stood clutching her shawl around her shoulders until he had swung the car onto the road.
she could dust the plants, then break off suddenly and pick up an old novel and read from the middle on;
They were both so young, after all, so unready for any final parting.
Without saying so, she was really grateful;
There was no reason for her to ask what they did.
Bobby Joe and the boys would come by, say "How's Granny"?
They had cleaned up an old ice box and begun to buy fifty-pound blocks of ice in town, as the electric refrigerator came nowhere near providing enough ice for the crowds who ate and drank there.
"About the same, John, about the same".
"And who is this"?
This joke was not funny to Linda Kay, and she blushed, as she always did;
He's been married and got this half-grown kid.
"Who"?
She was such a well-rounded teenager, having been a twirler, Future Farmers sweetheart, and secretary of Future Homemakers.
It made her feel different about Howard.
Linda Kay felt like going off to the bedroom to cry;
Howard, who had been sitting against the wall, said he needed more fresh air, and took the spot on the edge of the porch where Bobby Joe had been sitting.
"But tell me, doctor, where do you plan to conduct the hatching"?
He placed it on Alex's lap.
It was the doctor, dressed and ready for the expedition to the market, and Alex was obliged to prepare himself in haste.
The clocks struck seven-thirty as they approached the hotel entrance;
Alex told her that there was no hurry for their breakfasts, trying at the same time to effect a speedy separation of the persons before and behind him.
The spectacle progressed towards a denouement which was obviously still remote;
She looked mighty interested, though.
A guest was locking his room;
Although a look of alarm passed over his face, he did not arrest his movements but disappeared into the shower room just as the chambermaid emerged from number nine.
Alex returned to the hotel, rather weary and with no new prospects of a role, in the late afternoon, but found the doctor in an ebullient mood.
But he knew how important it was for her to keep her figure.
His eye had fastened on her leg;
Winston took out a pencil, admired the point, and wrote slowly and heavily, "Clothes Stand".
He drew back, embarrassed and pleased.
In spite of the hundred things he had on his mind, Winston went and put his arm around her waist.
He hardly believed his reason himself any more.
too young and thin and straight.
Winston took the clothesbrush out of the closet and went to work.
At home, he wouldn't even wash his hands for supper, and he wandered around the yard in a pair of sweaty old corduroys.
That house was ten years off his life let himself.
Since then, the flowers she had planted had spread all over the hill.
He had a thousand things to see to.
Halfway across the house, he could have smelled her morning perfume.
She smiled at Winston, and he saw the hateful hard glitter in her eyes.
Winston laid it in the basket.
"She's been talking about a picture", Winston had told him.
She had asked.
"Look, an old man.
Make the man put them in if he has to".
These letters became the center of my existence.
The weeks went by, and the longer our separation grew, the more unbounded and almost unbearable my fantasies became.
It was late, we were playing kissing games, and Jessica and I were called on to kiss in front of the others.
It would be the first time I had ever been completely alone with a girl I loved.
I forced confidence into myself.
Times Square, when I ascended to it with my fellow subway travellers (all dressed as if for a huge wedding in a family of which we were all distant members), was nearly impassable, the sidewalks swarming with celebrants, with bundled up sailors and soldiers already hugging their girls and their rationed bottles of whiskey.
Was I supposed to buy a funny hat and a rattle for Jessica?
But when I saw that it was already ten past seven, I began to wonder if something had gone wrong.
I felt lonely and depressed as I stared out the bus window at Chicago's grim, dirty West Side.
"You must have loved that girl very much, but you couldn't have meant it when you said that you wanted to kill her".
She met my eyes, suddenly angry.
"Why should I?
"Chicago has some of the best" --
I think it's a good deal.
Something in my voice must have touched her deeply because her anger passed quickly, and she turned away to keep me from seeing her face.
"My father is a sergeant of detectives and has been attached to Homicide for five years.
As for that other girl, let's just say that I never want to see her again.
Now, riding this hospital bus, feeling isolated and utterly alone, I knew that she was genuine and unique, quite unlike any girl I had known before.
Four
This let me in for a lot of kidding from the rest of the company, two members of which were native Chicagoans.
The telephone rang.
His car could pick you up at your hotel at twelve".
I walked over to him.
"Okay", I said to the attendant, "I'll let you know if I close the deal on the office in this building".
"Sure", I told him.
Your leg muscles and back muscles feel weary.
"That curb parking is undependable and annoying, particularly when it rains", he said.
I asked.
Traffic was pretty heavy.
I made a big circle until I located the car parked at the curb in front of an apartment house.
I sat where I could watch the exit and realized I was hungry.
If he does, it's still better than an even chance he won't notice the transposition of the numbers, and if he should notice it, the thing can be passed off as an honest mistake.
It's a formality, you know".
The construction was reasonably solid;
The batteries on the bugging device I had put on the car were still fresh enough to send out good strong signals.
She gave a little pout and said, "I don't get off work until eleven o'clock.
She went in to get the hamburgers, and I switched on the device again and kept the signal from Dowling's car coming in steady and clear until I saw her starting back with the hamburgers.
"Not a bit", I said, "but she's keeping her figure in hand".
"-- so even if we was as dumb as you take us for, we could still find it".
He was going to be sensible and not try to do anything rash with that gun pointed at him.
Rat-face at the counter was on his feet.
When he was answered, he said, "Albert?
"I ain't kidding you, Vince.
"-- had enough brains to call ya up so as ya could do sompin about it when the parents -- I coulda let her go go" -- His eyes were lowered, so he couldn't have seen the narrow, pointed face of his companion suddenly writhe with fury;
Vince watched him.
"How do you know, stupid?
"Why can't I leave her locked up in the tool crib"?
Grosse swore now.
"I got one question".
She had cried a little because she was frightened.
He placed a bottle opener on the counter.
Still no answer.
But he was back at work on a car.
With a sturdy act of will she turned her mind away from herself;
Lauren Landis was in trouble and she was alone.
She stammered, "You heard what he said about police?
I can sit here in the car while you walk around the corner".
This was Acey Squire, proprietor of the juke joint.
"I have to get back to Jarrodsville", he went on.
The station wagon and the old Plymouth headed east toward Jarrodsville.
Across the road there was one no more than a hundred yards away.
After he had proceeded a few feet, he paused and turned up the cuffs of his trousers, which were already damp and mud-caked.
On his side of the road there were two farm hands, well back in a field, leaning against a plow.
Now the dirt highway was bordered on either side by a fairly deep drainage ditch, too broad to leap over unless you were an Olympic star.
Now Acey and his friends were returning to seek him out.
There was nothing he could do except jump into the ditch.
He would be harassed repeatedly and would escape death by inches time after time, all the way to Jarrodsville.
He did not dare climb back up to the road.
Probably people were watching him from the porch or from behind the windows of this farmhouse, too, but he did not bother to look.
They would reach him at almost exactly the same instant.
If he moved, he would be in the path of the other car.
"Oh, no, not again", he said aloud.
It was Pete Holmes, the cabdriver.
This is redneck country.
That wasn't too far from Fifth Street, and should allow him to make Scotty's Bar by midnight.
"It's out in the Northeast section.
At least, I want to find out whether she's home yet or not".
"Do you think Laura did have the counterfeit bracelet made without her husband's knowledge"?
Shayne drove westward from the Boulevard slowly, letting Rourke crane his head out the window and watch for street numbers.
Shayne said, "I know it was, Tim".
A couple named Harris and Geely.
Maybe with specific orders to see that I don't make contact with her.
Shayne opened the door on his side and stepped out.
Shayne told the bartender, "Bourbon and water", and Rourke told him, "It's those two, all right.
I'll be waiting for you there".
"Make a couple of punk detectives named Geely and Harris wish to God they'd stayed out of my way this afternoon.
Shayne turned the handle and jerked the door open before either of the men were quite aware of his presence in the night.
Shayne strolled across to intercept the reporter in front of the two-story house where Felice Perrin lived, and asked casually, "Get the police okay"?
Shayne found one marked Perrin Aj.
Mickey tried to flatten against the banister, gripped it with one hand, but Roberts'full weight struck him at that moment in the groin.
The knifelike pain in his groin nearly brought him down again.
Mickey waited with slack arms.
Mickey felt his shoulders come up against the wall beside the heavy slab front door.
He felt it rip at the side of his jacket and a momentary sting under his left ribs.
Mickey found himself leaning against the desk, with stiff hands, panting for breath.
The local law here would hold me till they check clear back home, and maybe more than that.
He left a few things.
It snowed softly, silently, an undulating interruption of his vision against the night sky.
He dumped it into the back and made sure it wouldn't roll out, then returned to the porch and closed the front door, making sure it was unlocked.
It wasn't like carrying the suitcase.
It was too late to worry about that.
There was little chance anyone would enter this shaft during the winter.
There were stains here and there and he cleaned them off, using an oiled rag he found on a nail.
A woman named Lisa who tells nobody anything about herself.
A clerk in the outer office took him in to Sheriff Carruthers, a big, paunchy man with thick, white hair and a voice with a senatorial resonance which suggested he should be running for higher office.
"That's an idea.
"I wish you good luck, but please don't dig up too tough a case for me this close to election.
Married a man named Vincent Black.
I can look it up.
He hurried across to the courthouse and caught the sheriff just as he was leaving.
Carruthers crossed the room to a metal door with an open grillework in the top half.
"It's all right to smoke, but make sure your cigarettes are out before you leave.
From reconstruction to moon rockets.
There was a marked contrast in the amount of information on bride and groom.
Next on his program was a call to the Jackson office of Peerless Business Machines to find out if Vincent Black was still with them -- or, more specifically, still with us.
He pressed his face against the grille.
But why?
They kept drifting apart and merging again in his mind like some minute form of life on a microscope slide.
And I done favors for you, big favor not so long back, didn't I, and I'm right here to take on where Pretty left off.
Acourse there's this deal o'Denny's -- and Jackie's -- kinda hangin'fire, ain't it, maybe you've been kinda worryin'over that.
he found money much more interesting;
Denny said stupidly, "Why, you ain't turning Angie down, are you, Mr. Skyros?
Angie worth his weight in gold right now, but these users, they sometimes went down fast.
You see, you got to remember, we all got schedules, like any business!
A couple decks for me, Mr. Skyros -- and ten-twelve to sell, see, I like to have a little ready cash".
You go'n'have a look round for it".
He was not a superstitious man, but he felt perhaps there was a little something in that, indeed.
She'd be through here, just no time at all -- leave this kind of thing'way behind.
She wouldn't be going to get that for an hour or so after Katya had left, go do the daily shopping.
"Think I can't count"?
Alison was still sound asleep;
And I suppose now that you've finally grown up, if a little late, you'd go on producing kittens every six months or so.
Sarah remembered it clearly.
Maude suddenly looked quite capable of pouring it down her throat.
What can they do if they find them"?
Now wait a minute, she told herself, think about it;
And he certainly couldn't have guessed that she would resist his demand for the gold or that she was not the yielding -- yes, and credible fool he had every right to expect.
So suppose somebody only wished to frighten her, so she would leave Honotassa!
So somebody else knew what would happen to her father's money if she died.
There was no point either in telling herself again what a fool she'd been.
"We've got to eat", Sarah said, curtly, because a chill crawled over her again.
It was a long, low room, like a root cellar, for it was banked up with soil, and vines had run rampant over that, too.
Maude.
Maude could have shot Emile -- if she'd had a reason to kill him.
Rev looked up and saw her.
I want to talk to Sarah".
She thought as warm, drizzling rain touched her face.
"Miss Sarah, I can't cut up no chicken.
Try talking to some of the fellows he works with, friends, anyone.
"I know".
"Gilborn says he was in his office all day with her yesterday.
He looked at his watch.
Of Kitti.
They made sense and yet they didn't.
He had lived all his life waiting for her.
In the apartment itself, all was still.
Someone had taken her away from him.
He looked at the bed unblinkingly.
Before leaving, he took one last, lingering look at the apartment.
She had skipped her lunch hour in the fear that he might call while she was out.
Dinner and the movies had been fine.
She could always predict what Stanley was going to do, ever since she first met him.
But Blanche had been able to maintain a serene and assured composure in the face of her widowed mother's continued carping, had been able to resist her urgings to date anyone who offered the slightest possibility of matrimony.
On that first day, Blanche literally thought she was going to die, or, at the very least, go out of her mind.
After that day, Blanche still didn't know exactly what had happened.
Two hours of watching his serenely happy face, listening to his soft humming as he bent over his penciled figures, and Blanche had to leave.
His hands snatched at an imaginary bucket, swooping down hard to grab it and coming away with equal snap like a ball that's been bounced hard.
That, incidentally, might give you some idea of what Felix was like.
It's not too much to assume that you will have a more lasting interest in paper hats than will Mr. Average Citizen.
Do I send him up"?
He came bounding up the stairs and joined the dance.
It was almost as white as his teeth.
He was freshly shaved, and if there had been any alcohol in him we could never have missed detecting some scent of it on the massive gusts of his laughter.
"The world is full of blokes who put their hearts into making the tragic scene.
"For the future.
"Those lovely whorls", he chortled.
Felix asked.
He repeated.
You may think we didn't need Nancy and Jean, but you always get what you can when you can, and we had no guarantee that a fingerprint record on them couldn't be useful before we were through with this case.
None of his movements was tentative.
There were tools about but they were neatly kept.
It was still a very big world, despite all the modern cant to the contrary.
Hub picked up the telephone.
The only reason for contacting Lissa was to comfort or to be comforted.
Charlie Marble was back and forth on several occasions, first to confer with Andy on the advisability of cancelling the Las Vegas engagement -- they decided it was wise -- and later to announce that a prominent comedian, also an agency client, had agreed to fill the casino's open date.
Long before he reached the protection of the stage door, Andy was recognized.
But in his dressing room was a large bouquet and a card that read, "We're with you all the way".
I wouldn't want him to miss the message".
My men have been here all afternoon, setting up for this thing".
"No longer than yours.
But Bonner departed, still full of ill will.
"The sweaty bastard's probably halfway to Peru with our money by now".
Thornburg added in a lower voice but Andy overheard, "They act more like a jury than an audience".
It was what they said before every performance but tonight it sounded different, as if he really needed it.
Eliminating the patter and the upbeat numbers left little but blues and other songs of equal melancholy.
He waved at Fox to cut off the finale introduction.
"
He stumbled off-stage.
"Who needs them"?
You'll never believe the places I've been today.
"Dad.
"The Bartlett girl was killed by Mr. Dronk's son.
"Now, see here" --
She stood frowning and chewing her lip.
I want you here.
You can't wander along in the dark, can you?
"No-o-o.
He passed the receptionist in the outer office, muttering, "I've got to go out for a little while".
She wanted him to get into trouble.
A second scene flashed before his mind, the interior of the garage at the new house and the young Bartlett girl turning startled to meet him, the dim dark and the sudden confusion and fear and then the brightness as Mae had clicked on the light.
He felt light-headed and sick.
He had the feeling that he should abandon the car and run off somewhere to hide.
He could go to the police.
They've worried, they've lain awake nights, they've shook at the slightest footstep, they've pictured their own destruction, and now it's all over and they can give up.
Mae entered the room from the hallway to the kitchen.
Wait a minute.
She stood sipping and chewing and watching.
"My goodness, you ought to remember if I do.
Different about the mouth, huh?
The twenty-three (or twenty-two with the Paynes themselves omitted) provided merely a place to start, and their identification was the barest of starts.
The King Arthur was less expensive than the Dumont.
Like, for example, a man carrying a twenty-two rifle, probably with a telescopic sight attached?
None noted at the Dumont.
The lab to check.
Mullins came in.
Consider opportunity.
Consider him seriously, therefore?
Forget motive?
No lack of opportunity, presuming she had a gun.
) There was nothing to indicate that Lauren Payne was primitive.
But bitterness had more cause to remain, even increasingly to corrode.
He would say, of course, that he had not really had any such wish;
It was evident that Mullins was the man to go.
"All right", Pam said.
It was most unlikely that she would be firm.
had only a hope.
You do remember.
Not unless they have" --
"Don't forget, there was the hope it would pass for a natural death", Pauling reminded him.
He hung up.
No signs of these, no gross hemorrhage of lungs, heart, brain or stomach".
However likely it was, Pauling said, he couldn't limit himself to it.
Scholarship applicant?
He disliked Garth on sight, conservative clothes and haircut, smile a shade too earnestly boyish for a man who must be well into his thirties, handclasp too consciously quick and firm.
Garth brought one out.
Garth hesitated.
Madden settled back to read the will.
to Joan Sheldon the conditional bequest of ten thousand to be paid to her in the event that she was still in Mrs. Meeker's employ at the time of the latter's death.
Madden took up this point with Garth, who shrugged it off.
Brian Thayer was a thoroughly honest and competent administrator.
Even so, Madden's dislike of the suave, correct lawyer deepened.
He occupied a two-bedroom apartment on the fourth floor, using the second bedroom as his office.
To begin the interview, he asked if Thayer, with more time to think it over, could add to what he had said the other day about Johnston.
Hoag said, "I didn't send for you, Leigh.
It's not about you or Midge.
He peered closely at Hoag in the gathering darkness.
Griffith said, "That's impossible.
"Where are they"?
If you want to spend another day in the State Department -- another day -- you get in there and tell that captain what I told you".
The way Hoag was, no telling what he might say or do.
Griffith said, "Hoag told me to tell you" -- he waited until they were close;
he wasn't going to allow himself to be led meekly to the slaughter.
Troubled, he continued along the corridor, poking his head into the next office for a careful look around.
If Mahzeer was planning to set up the prime minister for Muller he would have to do it in the next few minutes.
In a minute, or five minutes, the business would be done;
Narrow four-story buildings ran the length of the block like books tightly packed on a shelf.
Hoag crossed the narrow street, squeezing between parked cars to reach the sidewalk.
that made it doubtful as the hiding place of a man whose plans had to be made in advance.
Had Muller made the same deduction?
What was he to do now?
Hoag stretched his left hand to the wall and fumbled for the switch: evil flourishes in the dark.
The safe is a repository for three dead flashlight batteries, a hundred and fifty unused left-hand fingerprint cards, a stack of unsold Policemen's Ball tickets from last year, and thirty-seven cents in coins and stamps.
Leave me alone, Gun thought.
It was the posture which the men had come to recognize as that of Killpath defying his ulcer.
He was silent again, possibly listening to the sounds in the squadroom.
"Do you have any idea who might have been in charge at the time"?
"But you didn't know a thing about it, did you"?
"I might point out that your inability to report to my office this morning when you were instructed to do so has not ah limited my knowledge of your activities as you may have hoped".
"I didn't think Accacia knew so many big words, Lieutenant".
"Let's not push our patience beyond the danger line, Sergeant", Killpath nasaled.
I thought you hadn't come in yet".
because he'd be damned if he was going to be a mid-watch pencil-pusher just to please his ulcerated pro-tem captain.
On the right window, at eye level, in smaller print but also in gold, was Gonzalez, Prop., and under that, Se Habla Espanol.
"Why don't you just hire somebody else"?
All this went through Casey's mind in the first instant, but what held his interest was the fact that these two should be together at all.
The girl's eyes were softly shining as she reached out and touched Casey's hand.
She made a face at him and then she laughed.
Because his mind had been otherwise occupied for the past couple of hours, he did not think to look and see if Jerry Burton's car was still there.
He put the basket down distastefully, muttering softly and thoroughly disgusted with himself and his plan that had seemed so foolproof.
He put the shells on the table, as though he could no longer bear to hold them.
"Yeah".
Casey believed that much.
"Look", he said.
"Just be sure to send your two best boys, Tony".
He, Casey, had been scared for a while, but that had come mostly from the fact that he felt responsible.
When he snatched it up the voice that came to him was quick and urgent.
A few passed along a tip for the simple reason that they liked him and wanted to give him a break.
"Now"?
Poet came up from below, wearing new bathing trunks.
No one had prayed.
It hung over them like a cloud, its arrival as sudden as a cloud skidding over the sun.
"And the deadliest", Poet commented as he buckled on his tank harness.
Clasping his hands behind his head, he stared at the blue sky.
The small helicopter with its two steel skids churned offshore and Nick raised up to watch it heading south.
Sometimes the fish exploded as they neared the surface because of the difference in pressure.
Poet shook his head, sliding his face mask up on his forehead.
The fin on his foot caught on the moulding, throwing him off balance.
The sudden silence was too silent.
"Hurts like hell for a second, then it disappears".
The moment the sea closed over Nick, some atavistic sense warned him that he would survive in this alien element only if he did not panic.
Suddenly Poet stopped struggling and the two of them hung suspended in the water, not rising, not sinking.
Relentlessly, Nick held on, sucking on the hose, inhaling the air that belonged to Poet.
Rookie investigator last summer and now it's Inspector Jed.
When I say move, a guy moves"!
Although Bob dressed like a slob, he kept a neat office.
Julia Buck, the deceased", Moore said, slipping me his smug, idiot-grin again.
"I'll collar Tim before night".
There's no doubt this Tim sneaked back and killed Mrs. Buck.
Powerful hands had killed her.
"Naw, we'll use mine", Moore said, opening the door of a sleek white Jaguar roadster.
She calmly repeated what Moore had told me.
"No sir.
They had a son -- killed in the war".
Mrs. Tim Williams was about 21, with skin the color of bitter chocolate, and if you discounted the plain dress and worn slippers, she was startlingly pretty.
He strong as a bull but gentle as a baby.
I knew she was lying.
That Jaguar could really barrel along.
He said, "You bet.
She mumbled, "I just know that Chief Moore is out to kill my Tim"!
Go to the same hotel and occupy the same suite -- 1105".
Alec was growing more and more skeptical.
Try to imagine you're going to be murdered yourself -- between eleven p.m. and one a.m. the night you arrive".
On the train Alec refreshed his memory of the Beauclerk case by reading teletype flimsies -- spot-news stories about the crime sent out by the Pearson City Star, a member of the Syndicate Press.
Stacy said he left her suite at nine forty-five p.m.
Forbes had motive and Stacy had opportunity.
The clerk's smile congealed.
He was looking dangerous now.
"No"!
It was blackmail and the clerk knew it.
It was a neat setup for murder.
Table covers and towels were clean, ashtrays empty and supplied with fresh matches.
"Were you on duty here two weeks ago"?
As he ranged his belongings on the bureau he noticed a film of white dust on the dark surface of the wood beyond the linen cover.
In less than five minutes Alec was asleep.
He let his eyelids droop and breathed heavily, feigning sleep.
Someone had moved beyond the range of the light from the window.
Alec waited a moment, on guard.
He was familiar with this type.
Demanded Alec.
Only that curious, animal grunting Alec had heard during their fight.
"Sister", said he "do you think people who commit suicide go to heaven"?
Red and Handley, God help them, knew the old Dogtown lore;
There is an inwardness and a luster to old furniture (look at that mahogany highboy behind you) which has a provocative emanation, if I may say so.
Just think of old Granther Stannard who pulled the teeth of Dark Younger (her real name was Dorcas), and because he bungled the job and left two protruding tusks she put such a hex on him that he thought his legs were made of glass.
(I myself have identified about sixty sites, from the old maps and registers.
I'd often find one or other of them up around Dogtown sketching.
They married cousins, Anta and Freya Norberg.
No, I don't hold with those who live entirely among dead things.
) A sensual man, but very courteous, some would say slick.
"By God, it's that damn Handley, the sneak"!
The Beech Pasture had suddenly become valuable.
A disturbing picture of bad blood, to be further heightened with illicit if buccolic colors, for on a subsequent day I saw Handley escorting Anta, Red's wife, up on Dogtown Common.
You would call these the motives of crime.
Anta, his wife, never seemed to mind.
But his new-found buddy had matched him drink for drink until he lost count, and the man's eyes were still clear.
His shout had been involuntary, something anybody might have done without thinking, on the spur of the moment.
When the light went their way, they went on across the street.
Thanks anyhow".
Phil rubbed his forehead wearily.
"Fine.
"It's my line of work", he said
By Wednesday the landlord was still alive.
He muttered something about how terrible it was, and walked with deliberate slowness to the elevator.
The stranger's eyes were large and sad, as if Phil Haney had hurt his feelings.
His real grievance was Lolly.
He'd have to start going to some of the other places again.
"But why pay her bills?
Now I see.
He felt very cunning, very proud of himself as he played on the other man's soft spot.
"Of course it looked like an accident.
He said, "Jist stay still.
He drank and handed it back.
His "sure-sure" was enthusiastic this time.
I introduced my friend Larry to Pops and we made ourselves comfortable.
The second bottle passed a few times.
Out cold, if not dead;
Dig"?
I nodded to Charlie.
It was a kick, but not a big enough one for me to want to take the chance again, except for stakes.
And he'd have taken the weapon with him too, so we take that.
We've got to assume they'll decide he was murdered and we've got to keep the picture consistent.
Being picked up for questioning by a cop on the way out seemed to be the only possible remaining danger, and we weren't picked up by a cop.
We decided to leave the third one intact for tomorrow.
We met at Maxine's and decided we were set to stay as long as it took, into or even through the evening, to talk things out.
Shall we flip a coin to see which of us goes first?
If you draw the short straw I'll lend you some bread, like fifty bucks, before I take off to visit my sister in Frisco.
"I was hoping you'd say that, Willy.
he studied them, compared them with what he had been taught as a nestling, struggling to bridge between languages, the one he thought with and the one he was learning to think in.
He felt a puppyish need for company as strong as his earlier necessity for quiet.
"Oh".
"A fine idea", Mike agreed.
But he was looking forward to snow -- seeing for himself that each tiny crystal of the water of life was a unique individual, as he had read -- walking barefoot, rolling in it.
It is Mars, isn't it?
He hesitated.
he had not known it until asked.
For Mars"?
"You are all right, my brother"?
turn just a little.
This went faster than scheduled as the Martians were helpful.
the purpose was less immediate.
You too were a stupid jackass until you poisoned me.
Oh, you can submit a requisition for a miracle if you want to make a fool of yourself.
Otherwise, straighten your halo, square your wings, and dig in.
Mike was of legal age and presumed able to defend himself in the clinches.
We have learned much about interstellar drives since a hundred years ago;
Did not the Forerunner predict in his Time and the World Line that such a planet would be found?
As I grew older and was promoted, so was he, always where I was.
"Please pardon me again, Sandalphon", said Hal.
Said Hal.
"No problem at all", said Macneff.
"Tell me more, Sandalphon".
This was no man's land, disputed by the Haijac Union and the Israeli Republic, a potential source of war for the last two hundred years.
She would weep in private, he was sure, for she loved him in her frigid way, though in public she would be dry-eyed.
He and Mary would no longer have to tear and rend at each other;
Pornsen.
Sigmen himself must have foreseen it.
They would sleep while the Gabriel's drive would increase the acceleration to a point which the unfrozen bodies of the personnel could not have endured.
And, from the first, he faced a difficult task.
It was true that they could be approximated, but would the Ozagenians understand these approximations?
This was not, for the Angel, just a matter of running through a logical or deductive chain, or deciding on some action from some already established premise.
At last Gabriel spoke.
"I did not perceive this essential distinction either, First-Born", Hesperus said at once, "I was only practicing a concept that Jack taught me, called a deal".
Recovering the property was much less important".
Yes, those could be commodities under this concept.
What Gabriel was asking was that mankind forego all its parochial moral judgments, and contract to let the Angels serve on Earth as it is in Heaven regardless of the applicable Earth laws.
Out of that agreement, though not by any easy road, eventually emerged the present world hegemony of the United Nations;
Secretary Hart had taught Jack, at least partially, to be content with small beginnings in all diplomatic matters;
What's going on here?
Nothing.
It seemed unlikely that her crew, if either of them were alive, could even see the Ariadne, for they were passing her at a distance of nearly a light-year.
It was clear that Langer had at last found a way to attract the Angel's attention.
and whether intentional or not, the outcome would be disastrous.
Will you obstruct this, or will you help?
Hesperus was in there.
His small black eyes darted inside the olive oval of his face.
This fiery swath was actually only a belt of minor planets, almost like the asteroid belt in the original Solar System.
Ekstrohm asked.
"I think they're dead", Ekstrohm interjected quietly.
"I'm not worried about you mis-reading the dials, Nogol, just about a lug like you reading them at all.
It was day, but in the thin atmosphere contrasts were sharp between light and shadow.
The surveyor looked sidewise at the captain.
"No, it isn't", Ekstrohm said.
"I don't know about that.
"Suppose it was not us that killed these aliens.
There was a keening of wind, and a cracking of the frozen ground.
What had changed for him?
but he never slept.
Ekstrohm had to hide his secret.
The angry burnt-red face of Ryan greeted him.
"Gone"?
"Why pick me for your patsy?
"What could I do with your lousy dead bodies?
I give you my word I'm not trying to pull some stupid kind of joke, or to deliberately foul up the expedition.
Why do you have to jump me the first time something goes wrong?
For Helva was destined to be the "brain" half of a scout ship, partnered with a man or a woman, whichever she chose, as the mobile half.
Shell people resembled mature dwarfs in size whatever their natal deformities were, but the well-oriented brain would not have changed places with the most perfect body in the Universe.
She had activated one of her microscopic tools which she would later use for minute repairs to various parts of her control panel.
"Yes, we have quite a few years of voice training, madam", remarked Helva calmly.
"Work"?
The monitor of this discourse grinned with pride and amusement as Helva's tone indicated pity for the unfortunate.
"We are directed to develop a sense of proportion, sir, which contributes the same effect".
She approached the problem by investigating the methods of sound reproduction through the centuries, human and instrumental.
It would not have occurred to her that it was curious for a female to sing bass, baritone, tenor, alto, mezzo, soprano and coloratura as she pleased.
She could take care of herself and her ambulatory half, in any situation already recorded in the annals of Central Worlds and any situation its most fertile minds could imagine.
Tanner wisecracked.
"No directives from Central is scarcely a cause for regret, but there happen to be eight other guys biting their fingernails to the quick just waiting for an invitation to board you, you beautiful thing".
"Isn't it wonderful?
With most of his mind he was happy.
That would make B'dikkat happy"!
But isn't this nice"
After a long time the half-man dragged himself over to the group with his powerful arms.
He remembered them well from his happy period.
That's out of a play.
We all know when it is going to happen.
I mean we know the order in which things happen, but we have no clocks and nobody cares enough to count days or to make calendars and there's not much climate here, so none of us know how long anything takes.
Once again B'dikkat moved among them like a father;
He forgot the order.
Finally, Mercer did manage to follow B'dikkat to the door of the cabin.
The secret little corner of his mind, which stayed sane through happiness and pain, made him wonder about B'dikkat.
There were unclaimed square miles of seating space around them, but he appreciated the kindliness of her gesture none the less.
They did not have the wit to follow the stars in their courses, to exchange names with each other, to harvest the experience of each for the wisdom of all.
The front part of my head was called a face, and I could talk with it.
The best antidote for the bitterness and disappointment that poisoned him was hard work.
He stopped every few minutes and leaned on his shovel as he studied the horizon, but nothing happened, each day dragging out with monotonous calm.
They crawled through the north fence and came on toward him, and now he saw that both were young, not more than nineteen or twenty.
Leaning his Winchester against the front of the house, he walked to the girl.
She was amazingly light, and so relaxed in his arms that he wasn't even sure she was conscious.
He had seen a few nester wagons go through the country, the families almost starving to death, but he had never seen any of them on foot and as bad off as these two.
"Are we in Wyoming"?
"This is a mighty empty country", Morgan said.
The girl's thin face haunted him.
"I've been mucking in a mine in the San Juan, but I used to work on a ranch.
She rubbed her eyes and stretched, then sat up, her hands going to her hair.
then she murmured: "You're very kind, Mr. Morgan.
"And hungry", he said.
She said, "I guess the Lord looks out for fools, drunkards, and innocents".
"No, she'll be all right", Jones said quickly.
The bed isn't made, but you'll find plenty of blankets there".
I just can't take any chances on getting her pregnant, and if we were sleeping together"
He was thinking of Rittenhouse and how he had left him there, to rock to death on the porch of the Splendide.
Just a half-breed'pache, never said much, never meant anythin to me, but he stuck with me.
He wiped his lips with a sleeve, then stared at Clayton in a childish kind of wonder.
I saw you driftin away -- but I tried.
The eyes followed him fearfully.
The mare had backed away.
We may take her with us -- to California.
"Yes, like a father and son".
"They'll trample it down.
The two horses broke from the yard, from the circle of light cast by the lamp still burning in the house, into the darkness.
The silence oppressed him, made him bend low over the horse's neck as if to hide from a wind that had begun to blow far away and was twisting slowly through the darkness in its slow search.
Lester heard their muttering, saw their eyes reveal their desire.
First he thought of the time he had ridden to Gavin and told him how his cattle were being rustled at the far end of the valley.
He turned to Lester.
"He killed Tom -- do you understand that"?
The mare began to tire and Clayton felt the spray of snow from the hoofs of Gavin's stallion.
And he was fleeing, running -- fleeing his death and his life at the same time.
A bayonet hung in a belt scabbard.
He turned to Susan and kissed her on the cheek.
He had none here.
"We'll stampede the rest.
Dean turned from Susan and took Julia Fortune in his arms.
"Running around in the moonlight almost naked and slugging a man with a rock"?
There's bound to be someone on guard, but the hat might fool them long enough for me to get close".
He located his man.
This time it connected solidly on the man's temple, felling him.
The sentry's saddled horse stood picketed nearby, having been kept handy in case of need.
"You're lighter than me.
You might need it.
These poured through the gate and joined the flight.
All were carrying guns they had seized up, but they were half-clad or hardly clad at all.
Mike crawled to the door and peered in.
He set his bundle down.
One struck the muzzle of one of the rifles that projected from the shoulder pack.
The iron hinges held, but the planks were in danger of being torn from the crossbars.
The wagons were burning fiercely.
Hurry"!
Hustle"!
"No.
Using his hands as a trumpet he shouted, "Fort up!
Oso gave me an unruffled look.
Hell, they were fightin'each other so hard they had no time for anyone else.
I remember being told it would happen so fast people would think it took place overnight.
More of an agricultural nation, they have relied on their warriors only for defense and for survival in the endless wars of the plains.
"
Wildly bucking horses would make the position difficult to defend against charging warriors.
They poured through the opening in the valley, then spread out in a long line to come at us, brandishing their lances and filling the morning with their spine-chilling scalp cry.
Gradually they emerged as men.
My God, how long is he going to wait, I thought.
He jerked once in the grass and lay still.
Far up the valley I could see the Rees circling and reorganizing.
"For Christ's sake, don't waste your powder on one of'em"!
He was riding between two warriors, who held him erect when he started to slump.
But a few reached our wall.
The pall of dust they raised made it difficult to see when the Aricaras charged again.
The Aricaras made one last desperate charge.
It wouldn't matter to a fool like you.
That fire's too big.
Why should I?
"From a man in St. Louis", Wilson said.
"Carwood didn't tell you that", she said.
I meant what I said about that fire.
He meant to say more, but he never got the chance.
He was shaking with anger, his breath coming in long, painful gasps.
"I am.
"I can take care of this.
They could hear the pony's feet on the dry leaves for a while, then the sound faded out.
"Not now", Wilson said.
"I've had enough of that.
He had forgotten that she was so pretty.
"Go to sleep", he said.
That afternoon when they had pulled up in front of the broken-down ranch house, his hopes had been high.
The water was there, so much of it that it spread all through the dead orchard.
He stood on the porch and watched him struggling with the heavy harness, and finally went over to help him.
There was brush, and stands of pine that no grass could grow under, and places so steep that cattle wouldn't stop to graze.
The town was about what Wilson expected: one main street with its rows of false-fronted buildings, a water tower, a few warehouses, a single hotel;
I would turn away from my writing in the hope of getting a good look at them but I never quite succeeded.
His authority extended to the far edge of the counter, no further.
) hung on a hook on the wall, and underneath it I could see his tie, knotted, ready to be slipped over his head, a black badge of frayed respectability that ought never to have left his neck.
What limited knowledge he possessed he forced upon me.
Having nothing else to do except wait for my forms to be processed, I gave myself over to speculations concerning the hall itself.
This light did not penetrate very far back into the hall, and my eyes were hindered rather than aided by the dim daylight entering through the fan vents when I tried to pick out whatever might be lying, or squatting, on the floor below.
I could not cling to my past nor did I wish to.
The river was only a few blocks away but an unbroken line of piers prevented me from seeing it.
As I had expected, he insisted that my visits to the hall would do nothing to further the process of my application.
I had felt the draft they were making while mounting the stairs.
he looked dapper in a lightweight summer suit, brown silk tie and green-tinted soft collar.
He had looked over my forms and was impressed by what he had seen there;
The flat, hard cap was small, but he thrust it to the back of his head.
"Let's get one thing straight, you and me.
They moved slowly, toward the main gate, following the wall.
The sergeant in charge climbed to his feet.
Powers knocked his arm aside.
They walked the horses, heading along the river, Barton and Emmett Foster in the lead, seven men riding quietly through the night.
Barton finished his dressing and extended his hand to Powers.
"Meaning you want me to ride out"?
"Your choice", he said briefly, and turned to Kid Boyd.
He had been the auditor for the mining syndicate, and he had stolen fifty thousand dollars of the syndicate's money.
Then the vein had petered out and the whole project had been abandoned.
"My boy.
"Your sister-in-law has the faro bank in Cap Ayres'saloon".
He said tensely, "All right.
I understand how you feel about the child.
Chapter two
There a dozen giant monitors played their seventy-five-foot jets of water against the huge seam of tertiary gravel which was the mountainside.
Ten years older than Mitch Barton, he had clawed his way up from mucker in the pits to manager of the operation.
Kodyke had appeared at the mine one day bearing a letter from Kruger.
We want him back there or we want him dead".
Normally Hague wasted no words, but now he found himself unable to stop their flow although he knew Kodyke was aware of all he said.
She must be cautious so as not to alert the scheming forest.
There was only one place where the mountain might receive her -- that unnamed, unnameable pool harbored in its secret bosom.
Birds chirped and chattered in the trees and the sun, all dewy-eyed and soft, caressed her shoulders warmly from time to time.
today, on the contrary, it seemed utterly reasonable.
Red man or white man, pacifist or killer, the forest would accept them all -- knowing that it could thrive equally well on slaughter and beneficence;
they would not dare to face his scoffing.
At one and the same time, she was within it but still searching for the drawbridge that would give her entry.
She was bewildered.
There was a peculiar density about it, a thick substance that could be sensed but never identified, never actually perceived.
She had to get away from here before this demoniac possession swallowed up the liquid of her eyes and sank into the fibers of her brain, depriving her of reason and sight.
Her own body protested, aching painfully where the blood in her veins had congealed, where cold demon wisps still clung and caressed.
"But it don't matter a-tall", Lord supplied fondly.
He said he wanted very much to listen.
He waited at the car side for a moment, looking down at her expectantly.
He went prone on his stomach, the better to pursue his examination.
Here in the God-forsaken place, the westerly end of nowhere, Tom Lord looked almost insignificant, almost contemptible.
But, by gosh, I want him and I'm going to have him!
"I feel like getting back to town, that's what I feel like!
"Tom!
"Well, let's get going", she said impatiently.
Otherwise, she would be baited into a tantrum -- teased and provoked until she lost control of herself, and thus lost still another battle in the maddening struggle of Tom Lord Vs. Joyce Lakewood.
He had a legitimate reason for wearing it.
So, "How about it"?
"Look, Lord", he said hoarsely.
McBride couldn't do either, of course.
It was strictly the deputy's game, but McBride had gone too far to throw in.
He seemed to be fighting not one man but a dozen.
Fear-maddened, fleeing the lengthening shadow of death, he scrambled to his feet again.
Donna!
They got tin cups of coffee from the big pot on the coosie's fire, rolled and lighted brown-paper cigarettes, lounged about.
Hank had gathered wood for a cookfire, and his wife was busy at it now.
"Pat, get out of that creek!
He would tell her not to pry into grownups'affairs -- as though she were a little kid like Elena!
"Let's hear it, anyway".
"
Hell, in a year or five or ten, the boy will have forgotten me -- his own father"!
"I don't know, Tom.
They were silent for a little while, each looking glum.
Those who had slickers donned them.
They were all good men.
The rest of you wait here".
He was only vaguely aware of the sluicing rain.
He was puffing on a cigar, and he was turning up his coat collar against the rain.
They escorted him down from the porch and through the rain to his office.
Red Hogan's patience ran out.
"We're putting you where you won't come to harm.
It's here in my pocket".
He was uttering threats in a low but savage voice when they closed and padlocked the door.
They trailed him across the wide hallway to the parlor, four roughly garbed and tough-looking men who probably had never before ventured into such a house.
After walking out to his corral that morning, he'd been amazed to see the dust puff up in front of his feet.
He had cursed at them and threatened them.
He exploded.
He was finally found in the Bates Hole region of Natrona County, two counties away.
You reckon there's two men in this state can shoot like that"?
For less than a dozen miles from the unplowed land of the dead man lived another settler who had ignored the warnings that his existence might be foreclosed on -- a blatant and defiant rustler named Fred Powell.
Powell gasped.
Later, riding in for some lusty enjoyment of the liquor and professional ladies of Cheyenne, he laid claim to the killing with the vague insinuations he made.
"Yeah, I can see that", the friend was forced to agree.
After the first two murders, the warning notes were rarely ignored.
No cow thief could count on a jury of his sympathetic peers to free him any longer.
One thing was certain -- his method was effective, so effective that after a time even the warning notices were often unnecessary.
The wailing, guitar-strumming minstrels of the cattle kingdom made up songs about him.
I just want you to take a message to Diane Molinari.
Brenner continued to smile, but his eyes were cold.
He paused only long enough to ascertain that Jess's buckskin was still missing and that his own gray was all right, then climbed through a back window and dropped to the ground outside.
He opened the door and went in, pulling it shut behind him.
Reaching across the side of the stall, he slapped the buckskin on the rump.
Jess cursed again, and entered the barn.
"You and I have a little talking to do, Jess.
Jess turned.
I suppose you don't know anything about a piece of two-by-four, either;
Apparently sensing this, and realizing that it gave him an advantage, Jess became bold.
The fingers of his right hand twisted into a claw, but he didn't reach for the gun.
He had found Curt's weakness, or what to Jess was a weakness, and was smart enough to take advantage of it.
It was like hitting a sack of salt.
His aim was hurried;
He lurched drunkenly to his feet, lowered his head, and took one step away from the wall.
He wanted to show the town what happened to anyone who tried to start trouble".
Jess painfully got to his feet as someone rattled the door.
Jess stumbled through the door.
"Soon as we send them on their way and make camp, let's you and me go for a walk down by the Snake -- all by ourselves".
Soon as the Burnsides moved on, he'd lead Rex down by the river;
The Burnsides, now ready to roll, were purposefully deaf to his cry.
Sally left her choring to stand beside Dan.
And he's with the Jacksons"!
No sooner did they hear of Dan's injury than both Gran and Matilda went into immediate action.
Rod gave her a warm pat on the shoulder before he replied.
And she really tried to go a step further and say she hoped they'd be just as right as they now were for her and for Rod.
Soon she saw Rod and Hez moving over to join them.
"That wasn't nothing at all"!
"My right leg's stiff as a board this morning", he replied.
He's got the tightest running gear in the train now.
While no larger than Dutch Springs, this mining supply town had the appearance of being far busier and more prosperous.
It's all I ask, Stevens".
Nerves tight as a bowstring, he paused to gather his wits.
Russ pointed upward.
Two men murmured with their heads together at the end of the bar, while the sleek-headed bartender absently polished a glass.
Pat moved into it.
He started to struggle up, heaving desperately.
Cobb got it.
Count what you've got there, Cobb.
Glowering looks met them in the bar, but there was no attempt to halt them.
It was you that tracked it down anyway, Stevens", he pursued strictly.
"You're the doctor", he returned with a smile.
"Gyp Carmer couldn't have known about Colcord's money unless he was told -- and who else would have told him"?
He tightened up in a twinkling.
Cursing himself for having ridden out the last few days without a rifle in his saddle boot, Russ drew his Colt and examined it briefly.
Swinging up then, and bending forward over the horn, he urged his mount down the meandering draw.
The long minute before he reached effective cover seemed endless.
Every plane that could fly was sent into the air.
There was a feeling that this mission would be canceled like all the others and that this muddy wet dark world of combat would go on forever.
Don't you worry, chief", Greg replied, wondering if he himself believed it.
The pilots'heads looked ridiculously small.
As far as he could see there was no hole to climb through it.
The ceiling stayed solid above them at about eight hundred feet, and at times the sheer cliffs seemed about to close in.
It was frustrating.
With their load of bombs gone, the planes moved swiftly and easily.
Friend or enemy?
His present maximum altitude, up against the overcast, gave him the opportunity to exploit his advantages.
If they're Japs.
But they could turn and escape to the east.
"Arm your guns, Sweeneys".
If the turn was too tight, a barrel roll would bring them out.
Out of the corner of his eye, he watched his wingman move out a bit and shoot up with him.
The enemy did not veer.
His burst held for a second on the engine section of the plane.
He had no idea which was up and which was down.
Adios", I said, exhausting my Spanish vocabulary on my host and exchanging one of a scarcely-tapped store of smiles with my host's daughters.
I would have foregone my romantic chances rather than leave a friend sweltering and dusty and -- Well, at least I wouldn't have shouted back a taunt.
I said that it didn't make any difference to me either, as far as I knew.
An Ah coudn ansuh him an so Ah said'Aw right, Ah gay-ess, an his fathuh didn uttuh one wohd an aftuh Huhmun was gone, the majuh laughed an tole me thet he an the bawh had been hevin an occasional drink t'gethuh f'ovuh a yeah, onleh an occasional one, but just the same it was behahn mah back, an Ah doan think thet's nahce at all, d'you"?
Johnson unwired the right hand door, whose window was, like the left one, merely loosely-taped fragments of glass, and Johnson wadded himself into a narrow seat made still more narrow by three cases of beer.
I drew back, drawing back my foot for a kick.
I wouldn't have known the difference.
We were back on the road.
No sooner had I started drinking than the driver started zigzagging the truck.
The car was just about to us, its driver's fat, solemn face intent on the road ahead, on business, on a family in Sante Fe -- on anything but an old pick-up truck in which two human beings desperately needed rescue.
In the ditch sand was white and soft-looking, only an occasional pebble discernible, faintly gleaming.
I heard the screech of brakes behind me, an insane burst of laughter beneath me.
"Drink, you son of a bitch"!
I said, "Do we know each other, Miss"?
She was still hugging the stained coat around her, so I said, "Relax, let me take your things.
I'm sorry"!
"Zing"!
"Splendid.
It wouldn't -- wouldn't seem fair, somehow".
They'd peddled the soap virtually alone, and without much success, until about a year ago, when -- with the addition of "SX-21" to their secret formula and the inauguration of a high-powered advertising campaign -- sales had soared practically into orbit.
"He didn't"!
I wouldn't have the stuff in the house.
The man shoved him into the water, then ran past the cabana.
But if Joyce got involved in murder or salacious scandal, the role would probably go to the sponsor's wife, Mrs. Oatnut Grits.
"I'm starting to itch", she said.
"Only when I do it".
"Goodbye.
However, when there's a job to be done, I'm a monstrosity of grim determination, I like to think.
I followed a shrubbery-lined gravel path alongside the house to the pool.
A call to the police had been placed from here a couple of minutes after nine P.M., and the first police car had arrived two or three minutes after that -- 10 minutes ago now.
That was the new advertising angle -- something about a Lloyd's of London policy to insure the secrecy of the secret ingredient.
"According to Rose, he arrived here a couple minutes before nine and spotted Thor in the water, got a hooked pole from the pool-equipment locker and started hauling him out.
When my Uncle offered me a part-time job which would take care of my normal expenses and give me time to paint I accepted.
They were married over the week-end, though he was easily sixty and she could not have been even thirty.
And that is the way I first saw her when my Uncle brought her into his antique store.
And then I became aware that she, too, glanced at me surreptitiously.
or maybe she liked men old enough to be her father;
I was standing beside her, watching the outspread palms and wondering about the old horsehair sofa against the wall on which he sometimes napped.
"I don't know", she said.
"Tell him I made a pass at you".
I don't even remember who wrote it but it was one of those 15th or 16th century poets.
He could use your clothes for a costume and a heavy veil for a mask.
I quit work at my usual hour as if this day was no different from other days.
"You cheap bitch"!
The code, which had probably something to do with sex or some other interest, Nicolas was determined to find out and put to use.
The voice crying in him was the voice of guilt.
But Nicolas, too, was being interrupted, that morning.
Ballet dancer: Protests, tears, and "take what you want, Nicolas, I am a dancer, you are a poet, it is all beautiful".
That long night with Nicolas and marijuana in Venice had opened her eyes.
Mary Jane had smilingly said.
Nicolas was dreaming he had his head pressed against the dashboard of a speeding car.
Mary Jane got up, quietly, and walked away.
)
He flexed his muscles for several minutes, got into the tub, and then grew self-conscious of splashing as he washed.
The result was grace and modesty.
"What a beautiful room.
"Would you first read the poem aloud to me and then let me read it to myself"?
She repeated "Eurydice".
Kissing her he whispered, several times, "Eurydice".
"Hoa-whup"!
They could no longer afford the luxury of the canvas sweat bag that cooled it by evaporation.
"What happens when there's no more water"?
"And add fever to our troubles"?
"Hettie", he said as gently as he could, "we're still headed west.
She had hated the whole idea before they started.
Her laugh was hard.
To his puzzlement, there suddenly was no haze.
But she sat on in stubborn silence.
The jetting, frothing surface of the river reached the level of the runoff.
Clumps of brush rode down the ribbon.
It raced closer and they could see a woman with white hair, sitting astride an upright branch.
It was nearly sundown and he went to the back of the wagon, half-swimming his way, for he was not a tall man.
He doubted if a man could wade as far as the desolate, dry hills that rimmed the valley.
He poured the water off the sourdough and off the flour, salvaging the chunky, watery messes for biscuits of a sort.
She said without turning her head, "After that rain beating in atop the dust, there isn't a thing that won't be streaked".
Brassnose yelled: "Come on, Sommers, Max step on it, we got a chance now.
Dimly, we heard the voices of men in mortal agony but we couldn't go back into that inferno.
He then said something which struck a chord in my memory.
There had been classroom guffaws which quickly subsided as Professor Griggs said dryly: "I see your point, Pauson.
A half-hour passed;
He made a sound of despair deep in his throat.
So, I mustered my few words of the Manu dialect and said, "We greet you in peace.
You shall have food, water and rest".
The body may have been two or three weeks'dead.
It took thirty of our women almost six moons to build this one, which is higher and stronger than the old one.
Brassnose turned a stricken face toward me and said brokenly, "Sommers, you meddling Yank, you're a fool!
Besides, terror had sapped some of Frayne's vitality and will.
From L'Turu, I heard that until about 1850 the people of this island -- which was about the size of Guam or smaller -- had been of both sexes, and that the normal family life of Melanesian tribes was observed here with minor variations.
She cackled with mirth, showing the stumps of betel-stained teeth.
Somehow the thought of a simple man bewildered by things no one had ever really helped him understand moved the driver.
Benson grinned and flipped a rock with his thumb like a marble.
"You didn't go clear around", Benson said.
He chatted with Ramey and Benson for a minute or so in the meager shade of the trailer.
She might have been someone he had once loved.
It made only a tiny bump over the two men like a tire over a piece of gravel then moved on.
With Ramey it was a dusty work shoe that was half-off the Indian's foot that he would always remember.
There was nothing in particular on the man's face.
But what is it?
he laid all four knuckles in between the man's cheekbone and his chin.
He moaned and pulled the hand away.
Blood dripped down the front of his sweater, soaking into a dark streak of dirt that ran diagonally across the white wool on his shoulder, as though the bright V woven into the neckline had melted, running a darker color.
Ramey said nothing.
He saw the dark sweat spots flip in and out of sight under the patrolman's swinging arms and in the leather holster that swaggered and rolled at the side of his stocky body, the sun left a smoky shine on the narrow strip of blue metal that ran between the horned handles of his pistol.
He heard their chattering, and then the sounds of hacking as they dismembered the snake right on the porch with wood axes.
He smiled at her sincerity.
"Yes", she said, almost in a whisper, as if admitting to a crime.
"All of us -- every goddam roach and worm and killer in that jungle.
"There isn't anything left to say, is there, Keith"?
But "after the war" was a luxury of a phrase he did not permit himself.
Not defending England, or being an ace, or fighting for humanity.
That was where he met Penny.
Penny and Keith had no romance.
The bomb plunged into the ground near the Post, but not precisely into the Command room itself.
After the war, Penny had wanted Keith at least to visit her home with her.
And in the hunting land, this hunger was considered to be a noble thing.
And while he was ever alert for game, and most particularly a tiger, Penny marvelled at the Eden they were traversing.
Robinson clambered heavily into the boat, sat down, and stripped off his triple-tank assembly.
"Was it something went bad with the breathing"?
So you turn around".
Not me, anyway.
"Maybe not, if you're 200 feet under water", Artie said.
"That's my boy"!
"Seven years ago, Commodore", Rob said impassively.
"No thank you very much", Schaffner had answered in his accented English.
I like that kid".
"What do you mean"?
"Perhaps not in so many words", the German said.
"One moment"!
Waddell said.
All tourists come to Florida.
"At least for South Florida".
Now, in that same cabin, Robinson fell to his knees beside a bunk.
Let me set the record this time, and let me get back OK, so the German will give me the exclusive.
"Well, I was a little bit confused.
For a while he was content to let events develop in their good time.
What if the marines never came?
Gloom receded.
A wave of flame rippling through their cave had reached Nagamo, his friend, and with a shriek the man bolted through the entrance, then slowed to the jerky walk of a puppet, his uniform blazing.
Cautious feet stepping on leafmold;
He wanted the arrogant marine to know fear, and so he aimed above the head.
He went into a whirling dance, a sort of blind chasing of the tail.
In the hush that followed the echoes, Matsuo was tense.
He squatted by the head, gently placing the rifle on the ground.
he had no use any longer for exact time, even had the watch been running.
"None for you".
When he rolled on the left side, propping on his left elbow, Matsuo seized his hair and pulled him back over.
Its blade was dazzling in the intense sunlight.
First he barely touched the blade on the hand which shaded the eyes.
He dropped the knife in its scabbard, hung the rifle behind a shoulder.
It was the marine: head lifted, he strained and called.
Matsuo called.
He began to uncap the bottle, the rusty cap squealing on its threads.
Before much longer the marine quieted down.
Chairs scraped back and customers hastily vacated their tables as the tall young buffalo hunter pushed open the swing doors and walked towards the bar.
The stranger ignored him.
Tilghman's clenched fist swept over in a terrific right cross and clipped the big gunfighter on the side of his chin.
He fired again, and somewhere in the gloom a man screamed.
"That critter will be back tomorrow", predicted George Rust, "and he'll bring fifty of his kind back with him.
The entire length of the street could be raked with rifle fire from this barn.
He slipped outside, hugging the walls of buildings and dodging into doorways.
Of all the rip-roaring two-fisted tough boys of the Old West, "Uncle Billy Tilghman" stands out head and shoulders.
They bought rustled cattle from the outlaw, kept him supplied with guns and ammunition, harbored his men in their houses.
Directly opposite the door was a roaring log fire, a welcome sight on that bitterly cold day.
He walked right up to the fire as though blissfully unaware of the guns covering him.
All that time rifle barrels were pointing unwaveringly at his head and body.
That place is crawling with Bill Doolin and his gang".
This Woman had no distinct shape or size and no particular face, but she radiated warmth, a sweet warmth;
When he awoke in the mornings, she was in his mind and he could hardly wait to get to school to be near her in the flesh.
Once (this was on the third day of school) she kneeled down to pick up some books where they'd dropped on the floor and Jack looked up her dress -- at the bare expanse of incredibly white leg.
He ate litle that morning, and his mother became concerned, inasmuch as he usually ate heartily.
I guess it's this hot weather".
"You know what I done last night"?
He said, lapsing into the profanity he often used when away from his parents and especially when he was with Charles.
"It's all over Branchville.
Come inside now".
"Maybe some of'em will fall down and we'll see up their dress".
"That's all right", she said, tossing her head back to get the hair out of her eyes.
"Oh, shucks", the girl said.
To his surprise his plan worked perfectly.
The haughty white girl turned to a distinguished, hawk-faced man standing at her side and murmured: "Look at your watch, Col. Garvier.
He was possessive in his manner and, though a slave, obviously was educated after a fashion and imitated the manners of his owners.
This young slave was therefore quite unprepared when Delphine Lalaurie signaled that she wanted him to draw near.
You look quite strong and healthy to me, Dandy".
If the old fool argues about the price, tell him I shall order my husband not to treat him as a patient any longer.
It will rip and shred easily for Madame".
"Another young man, my dear?
But he liked the smell of Delphine's perfume.
Suddenly there was a commotion upstairs, a despairing boyish shriek, and the strains of the waltz faltered and died as the musicians and guests gaped at an apparition descending the marble staircase.
Guests stared with horror at Madame Lalaurie and made speedy departures.
Ruffians must have robbed and beaten him before bringing him back to our house to die.
The manservant Devol and his mistress, Delphine Lalaurie, were pursuing a young girl -- an octoroon of cameo-like beauty -- across the front lawn of the Lalaurie mansion.
"The accommodations may not be the poshest, but man!
The freight car was cold, early in the morning.
Hair like a morning-frightened sparrow's wings, with the sun shining down over them.
Feathertop interrupted, standing up, brushing the pig offal from his dirty pants.
"Now stay with me, Kitty", he snapped irritably.
"Well, congratulations".
"I'm just a poor ex-jazz man, name of -- uh -- Boyd Smith".
He cleared his throat;
I been riding train for a ways now".
We haven't had anything to eat all day".
"Fan it", he told Cappy, handing him a sheet of newspaper.
"A Kroger's self-serve", he explained.
"Why didn't he want you to get hitched"?
"What's the matter"?
But these kids weren't like him.
The answer came from the open door of the boxcar.
"Sure", he said, and lifted the pint to his own lips.
He had suspected this guy was trouble, and now he was sure of it.
The fist went down into the pile of flesh, and Ernie heard the bigger man's deeper voice go, "Aaawww"!
To them he could have been the broken bell in the church tower which rang before and after Mass, and at noon, and at six each evening -- its tone, repetitive, monotonous, never breaking the boredom of the streets.
Youth obeyed when commanded.
Without looking at him, without looking at anything except Drexel Street directly in front of her, she climbed up into one of those orange streetcars, rode away in it, and never came back.
"Henh"!
(He was never without that dog.
This place was hatred to him, just as hatred was his only companion in his aloneness.
It squatted low and square upon the sidewalk with a heavy iron grating supporting a glass facade.
Waiting for what and for whom, only he could tell and would not.
He would not be like the "rich Americans" who lived in white-columned houses on the other side of the park.
She was only ten months older than he.
Even though the boy could not see them, he knew they were clouded by distance.
"Christ sake, goat, git"!
But the boy could see only the goat's belly.
People came in and out all evening to see the baby and hold it.
Stuart had been laid off at the produce company and had to go back to sitting in his father's office, taking what salary his father could hand out to him.
"She's so beautiful, and I do like to keep her looking nice".
"Well, let's see.
You could set up tables in the front room and serve salads and your baked beans and brown bread and Grandma could dress like a gypsy and tell fortunes".
And I can go back to my contests and be thinking while I'm doing the washing".
it had a look of grim stark realism, resembling other cities whose habitual climate was cold, instead of the sprawling bumptious open-handed greedy Western city basking in eternal sunshine at the foot of mountains stored with endless riches and resources.
Something had to be done;
It was so cold and so wretched that a sort of desperate gaiety infected all of them, like people stormbound or shipwrecked or caught in some other freak of circumstance so that time stood still and minor anxieties fell away and the only important thing was to cling together and survive.
"I know you when you start talking about brains and talent", Maggie said.
"You can joke!
Zion stayed to get my pin, but it'll be a cold day in June when I go back".
I'm not going back" --
I drove him away.
What else was there to say?
It was simply his necessity to confess which had made him write and keep this thing.
He poured his thimble of wine for the toast he'd made so often.
And don't tell me you didn't at church Sunday.
And what had happened?
Tillie was a fine midwife and could get here quick, he suggested.
"Kezziah, for Miss Kizzie", he suggested.
He'd had no idea how unhappy his sweet peach had been.
More and more, these days, she'd been driving that pretty little mare that looked like her, over to Tillie's and Nick's -- his own old square frame box on posts, chickens and cats and pups under the house, everybody friendly inside, making a to-do over the babies dressed like dollies.
"Don't you dare!
"Them's the purtiest babes you ever did see, but Miss Jen gets mighty lonesome.
There had been more to know about Hetty, inevitably, and most of it unfavorable.
one had always felt the need to make a safe world around her.
A curious thought to end a curious night.
It was so pretty and artless that she felt like a child again and would have enjoyed running out barefoot to play on the wet grass with all the growing things, but Doaty never permitted bare feet and she was decidedly not a child but une femme d'un certain age.
Folly danced, eager for whatever lay beyond the door.
"Summer's been slow to come", he said.
"Y're welcome".
She did suddenly, through the link of memory with his father, old Titus, who must have been in his nineties when Henrietta ran away.
"Can't blame a man for leavin'his wife", he said quite cheerfully.
She started to move away, just as a woman came out of the cottage, a big-boned, drab-haired figure with a clean apron tied over her limp print dress.
He looked piously to heaven and said, "Beer don't affect the tissues none", and the ingenious hypocrisy of this defense pleased Henrietta so that she forgave him his stint of malevolence.
How much they knew about her!
The air was full of sounds too but placid ones, a terrestrial humming as much out of the earth as out of the blue sky.
They had white skins and blue eyes;
It was an alien land, and she hated it intensely;
She had changed into a cocktail dress, and the whole evening should have been before her, but already she was beginning to get a tight feeling at the back of her neck.
he wore a brown tweed sports jacket obviously tailored in Hong Kong, and he was of an age that marked him as a lieutenant.
Maybe you likee date with me"?
"All wrong ones"!
Nobody had addressed her in broken English at any of those places, nobody had suggested that she wasn't American.
One was with a whitehaired and doting lieutenant commander;
She had been sent to the wrong place for duty.
It was all true.
Just why anybody should wish to start a riot the executive officer didn't know.
Actually, all a man in uniform has to do is to get by.
Whitey exclaimed, with true affection.
Then there was exercise, boating and hiking, which was not only good for you but also made you more virile: the thought of strenuous activity left him exhausted.
"I went over to the Willows and dropped two notes".
"I'm Mrs. Gertrude Parker", a soft voice explained, "And I'd like to talk to you for a few minutes, please".
"Oh"?
"I don't know much about them", Owen admitted, "but I suppose they have their own religion and they probably resent outsiders coming in and telling them what to do and what not to do".
He asked curiously.
Owen was aware he was getting overexcited but he couldn't help himself.
"God doesn't have any appliance or cosmetics", he said heatedly before he caught himself.
"I can imagine", she said.
She looked crestfallen, as if he had somehow disappointed the whole human race.
He looked off to the crest of the Sierras, still white-topped;
There were more women than men in the place, but he couldn't find a flowerpot.
A dried-up cowboy sat down next to him in the blonde's place.
Incidentally, I'm pretty famous in these parts: I'm called The Wrangler".
Five came up while Owen was listening to The Wrangler and he neglected to play, a loss of ten dollars.
The management discreetly withdrew the green stuff into the office and gave the customers chips or checks or premium points.
He was knocking down checks at faro".
"Stake me", she said, "and let me at those dice.
Spencer said nothing.
Those named in the Greek paper were manufacturing reasons to steal aft under pretence of some call of duty, so as to be near Spencer, watching an opportunity to communicate with him.
There was a tap at the door and Oliver entered with the word that Heiser wished to see the Captain.
The aimless milling about of what had been a well-trained, well-organized crew struck Alexander with horror.
When the mast was raised, Alexander gave the order for Small and Cromwell to be placed under arrest, and now three figures in irons sprawled upon the open deck and terror stalked the Somers.
From actions aboard, it is easy to guess that Spencer's boast of twenty staunch followers was a modest estimate".
All that is needed is for one man to feel self-confident enough to take the lead.
Implements of wood and iron are available for close and hasty combat no matter where a man stands.
Where had he failed?
It was for love that he had served the Navy.
Captain, I am innocent of any plot against you or the ship".
You were careful about that".
He expected nothing for himself but that which naturally follows those marked for misfortune.
"Yes.
"I thought", Midshipman Rogers had told Alexander, "that Spencer was teaching him geometry".
With his head erect, he approached, not glancing at us, and passed by with his clear eyes raised and fixed straight ahead.
I swallowed hard and looked down at my feet plodding along beside Rachel.
He stopped in front of a door, placed a finger on his lips, and, still peering down into his beard, pushed open the door to a classroom.
Each boy opened his small mouth wide and rocked back and forth on the bench in the way his grandfather and great-grandfather had studied and prayed in the ghettos of Europe.
His head barely rose above the table.
I shuddered and backed out of the room.
He glanced down into his beard and muttered something in Yiddish.
She smiled to herself.
All of it might have been heroic, but they had done it in the wrong place.
"Here, nothing.
"But she loved danger.
She set out to make sure that no Jewish child anyplace in the world had to live in a place such as this".
But she had to go out and hurt herself.
Often he was terribly despondent and talked to no one.
Rachel paused.
When I did, she shrugged her shoulders and said that Reuveni wanted her to marry him.
He would never let her harm herself again.
The two of them against the world.
And I'll take you with me.
Or you could wish your daddy would really do it -- kill Gratt Shafer like he said when you all the time, all along, could feel the nerve draining out of him like air out of a punctured tire when you are on a muddy road alone and it is raining and at night.
And I'll take you with me.
It dawns on you that instead of a lump to fill the seat across the bridge table from you, he was a man, and that because Gratt Shafer was making you miserable, you were passing it down to him, to Gratt Shafer's substitute, that other guy.
It was like being in the concert hall in the afternoon and hearing the piano virtuoso rehearsing.
"I should have stayed at the store", she thought.
George did wonderful complicated pen-and-ink drawings like something out of a medieval miniature: hundreds of delicate details crammed into an eight-by-ten sheet and looking as if they had been done under a jeweler's glass.
and in the third place, it would cost a fortune to reproduce in the first place -- you've got six colors there including gold".
Not much;
It was all gravy, and Donald didn't need much to live on;
I had admired him long before I talked to him.
the corner of it you could see in the photograph looked as though it ought to have Velasquez in it painting the royalty of Spain.
Besides, it's important to the way a painter thinks that he should move in a certain atmosphere, an atmosphere in which he may absorb the ideas of other masters, as Durer went to Italy to meet Bellini and Mantegna".
"What do you study"?
"I'm also studying enameling with Hajime Iijima", he went on, "and twice a week I go to a life class taught by Pendleton".
He even makes the city look like one of Thoreau's hangouts.
That's one of the reasons art is becoming a useless occupation.
The upshot of the evening was that I got the address of Pendleton's studio -- or rather, of the studio in which he gave his classes, for he didn't work there himself -- and joined the life class, which met every Tuesday and Thursday from ten to twelve in the morning.
Actually, there was a lot of force in him, which is why I kept on in that class instead of quitting after a week.
I didn't want to stir things up.
Walter was giving me checks for my pay, the household bills.
So I went about my business.
I did notice a twinkle of light from the big house through the woods but as I had left a light on in my own house because of the fog I assumed Mrs. Salter had done the same before she left for town.
The search began, in all the rooms, running upstairs, down, opening closets, talking, exclaiming in rushes and gasps.
Why didn't that alarm me then?
I tried to believe that what must have happened was that, restless, disturbed by this telephone call or whatever, she walked out in the night, as she had a habit of doing.
Everyone stared at me and drew back.
it is when I meet someone who was a close friend of the family, and therefore of mine, and they nod to me so coolly and walk away, that it hurts.
"Why put such a high value on being top dog"?
The funeral service was in the house, the Methodist minister, how clean and glistening his eyeglasses and his neat body standing beside that coffin with that doll inside, a stranger speaking to strangers the old sacred words, and the rain drumming incessantly in accompaniment, seven days of relentless rain that turned the ground to mud so the burial had to be postponed.
"I had a rather small place of my own.
She showed no interest at all in the life he had led back home, and it hurt him a little.
When she had wiped some of the lipstick from her mouth, she stared solemnly at her image in the mirror.
"Don't you know all about me by this time?
At home he had been a clean orderly man, and now he had to hide his annoyance.
"Let's go out".
"I'll get an elegant pair of thin-soled Italian shoes tomorrow, Carla".
She no longer wanted anything about him to remind her of the circumstances of their meeting that first night in Parioli.
When they got home at midnight she was tired out.
"Come on, you'll be late".
Then he thought of those Old Testament figures on the ceiling of the Sistine Chapel.
Look somewhere else.
"I'm not good at that kind of thing".
Her little brown face wrinkled up, her brown eyes gleamed, and with her little gestures she said all the courteous things.
For a year the boy had lived in the bush in a boxcar.
It was said that he had had a vision.
There would be changes made, and Signor Raymond should understand that when the Pope died it was like the end of a regime in Rome.
But one night Dookiyoon moved in the direction of the women's lodge, where Shades of Night had gone to purify herself.
But she heard him go.
But now with real anger at last, something proud and indignant, Early Spring stood like a she wolf before her den and cried, "I will not shriek at you!
Now go"!
And Early Spring seized the whip and said:
"What worrisome thing happens?
She said to him, her father, "How was I begotten, in pain or joy?
Move!
Now they moved, rubbing their flesh alive again, disdaining the gloom they saw in the faces around them.
They raced and maneuvered for war, swinging their horses in single file and then abreast like cavalry.
even like shouting and crying out from the hilltops from which he could descend as an eagle in a mad caper from the cliffs.
Standing then with the others, peering into the sun, he saw the bright, multicolored legion, their hair flying like dark banners, only the thunder, the roll of drums, the mad cacophony of the hoofs accompanying them.
She smiled, and expertly let herself downward, holding this known root or that, her sneakers sliding in the leaves.
She was thinking of Paul a few weeks ago, in the Easter holidays, with her at one of those awful Friday Evening Dancing Class parties her mother had made her attend.
He was staring at the blue china lamp left on beside him.
He drank a glass of water and gripped the sink with both hands.
He found a lump rising in his throat because of that one simple act of tidiness.
He was kneeling to tie his shoelaces.
He'd have to think, but the main thing, the imperative necessity, was to leave before Sam Bentley was up and about, and before Millie detained him with sympathy.
Then Julia appeared under the arch leading to the dining room.
She seemed overly tall, her brow knitted in concern.
"No.
"I'll just wait for you here".
It'll be so much easier".
He saw the suitcase, which Julia was holding.
We'll drop Mr. Rawlings off in Ardmore", Julia said, and for the merest second George was reminded of her father's tone with servants.
"I wish I wasn't wearing this ridiculous costume, and that we could go to a theater together, or a nice restaurant, forget we knew" He stopped speaking.
His voice seemed thick and purposeless.
You've done me the greatest possible service.
Will you look at George Rawlings!
"No, Millie, I'm home.
"Joan, did I wake you"?
I'd win hands down.
I'll bribe you with a nice" -- He was about to say "double martini" but thought better of it.
She let him come and go as he pleased, or as it pleased her.
"I love you.
It's a long way to Websterville".
"She should have told me herself.
You'll see, Myra's settling down".
But Cathy was Myra's responsibility, not hers.
A startled piping sound returned.
"There isn't a chance of Myra's letting anything like that happen.
"Do you need that big bundle"?
Jim groaned, but he lifted Susan's suitcase and said, in a gentler tone, "Sure -- the entire thousand.
When the car, with Susan's hands waving wildly from the rear window, disappeared down the driveway, Lucy stood looking after its pale dust.
Well, Lucy?
There were new yellow curtains, bright as a child's life ought to be, a new bedspread, lively with hopping rabbits, and hanging from the ceiling was an airy Mother Goose Mobile, spinning slowly in the breeze.
I'd have phoned sooner but I've been busy".
On her way to the airport, on her way to Paris -- you bet, Lucy said to herself.
Once the soft, pretty moth found the bright light she had always wanted?
it was only too true.
As she hung up, she saw through the hall's open window the purple-black flying of the cowbirds'wings, and heard their grotesque singing.
they would have to buy things for her.
His rock was to the right of a V-shaped inlet, a big, brown, lumpy rock trailing seaweed whiskers.
He was six feet one like his father, with big hands and a hairy chest, a man the weak and persecuted would turn to.
He could remember the feel of his father's big hands, the thump of his father's heart sending out signals -- regular, like radar.
In the light from the bedside table his father looked so worried that the promise spilled out.
Strength began to zip up and down his chest.
Shivering, he put on his clothes.
"Is".
"Then why don't you stop squinting"?
"Hell, yes".
Dr. Fortman says if I exercise my leg more, maybe I can use a cane when I'm big".
Quint glared.
Come home or I'll come find you".
Her name was Sabella, and the strip of seaweed around her neck was an emerald necklace the King gave her as a token of his undying love.
then they scraped off the mold and made fish soup.
that his baby sister could spit up through her nose when she felt like it;
He described the ham decorated with pineapple and cherries, cooling on the porch.
Sometimes they argued.
Sometimes they didn't talk at all.
"He says he'll be here on the one-o'clock plane.
He had to go into the water.
Linda looked remote yet lovely in black, and everyone held his or her breath.
"Of course, there was nothing you could do, but you still ought to be ashamed of yourself for letting it happen", Mousie Chandler said to Linda Stuart.
only this one didn't heal.
There was nothing specifically wrong with Edythe, but there was absolutely nothing right about her either.
Edythe settled down to become a social myth and a horrible example.
John was good at his job.
He was an attentive and generous husband, overgenerous, a lot of people felt, because they knew that money must be a problem to him.
But now -- well, it would be a blessing, I think.
And Linda felt capable of capturing the affection of the children, anxious even, since she and Bobbie had had none of their own.
She was almost sick when Bobbie came home with the news that Poor John had won the job.
He didn't tell her of the long board meeting where Bobbie and John were weighed one against the other.
Uncle Donald Murkland found himself nodding agreement too.
In some ways it was worth being out the money -- just knowing I was no longer obligated to Nadine!
"Oh, she wouldn't do that", I said.
Why should I go over at midnight to check on Francie, when her parents didn't care enough to leave a party?
I dressed in the kitchen, then left a note on the table telling him what had happened.
"I didn't know it was going to be this late"!
Not a word of thanks for what I'd already done.
I had always thought she was so beautiful.
"He's ruined us -- do you hear me -- he's ruined us!
"Tea," Nadine screeched.
Wally can't go any place at this hour" --
I had done all I could.
I -- got fired yesterday for not attending to business" --
"Things may smooth over yet", Chris said, his nice lean face grave with honest concern.
"I wish we were in a position to offer a little money to tide them over".
It was incredible -- He gave me an embarrassed, pleading look.
But, darn it all, why should we help a couple of spoiled snobs who had looked down their noses at us?
When she wasn't crying, she was in our bedroom fighting with Wally.
Wendell Thom had black-balled him.
I don't really believe in intuition.
I had a lot to be thankful for.
As usual, Gladdy's bright smile greeted me at the breakfast table.
The boys were already waiting in the corridor outside my office when I got to Fairview.
I wasn't surprised.
She looked about sixty, though I recalled that the chart gave her age as forty-four.
But if she wasn't interested, she'd just go back to the same life she'd left.
There were bloodspots on the sheet.
It was only a few moments before Miss Groggins had her in the proper position for a vaginal, but I couldn't see anything wrong on gross examination.
Do you want to talk to her, Doctor"?
"Well, better see what I can do".
That's quite minor, nothing to worry about.
I'd had patients who'd refused surgery before, of course, but never one who didn't show, in one way or another, the reason why.
Just let me die in peace".
"Don't give me a lot of talk, Joe".
"Alice, for goodness sake" --
"Here and there.
Let her out, let her out -- that would be the solution, wouldn't it?
The reasons for this dive seemed foolish now.
Once before I had been to Paris, long before I married Valery.
There was the Arc de Triomphe and the Tour d'Eiffel -- I was no yokel, but I was young, and this was Paris!
"Handsome soldier, I have assuaged one hunger with food.
The place was busy but I didn't feel like a Hun.
That's what was on my mind.
I was just miserable.
She was another human being and happened to be a hustler.
She asked gently.
Her eyes were smiling, too, but so sadly, and there was tiredness and infinite wisdom in them.
It's really rotten to drink good cognac like that, but I hadn't cared before.
We seemed to be drowsing, sadly, soberly, in the cold, cold air while the snow fell.
"Bon jour", I said brightly, sitting up, which pulled the covers to her hips.
I had brushed my teeth, showered, shaved and dressed by the time a waiter wheeled in breakfast.
I wondered if I ought to go use the new one myself.
"Yes, because you didn't run off to use that new toothbrush".
She smiled all the way to her wise, sad eyes, and drained her own.
We had champagne and steamed mussels.
In her mind's eye -- her imagination responding fully, almost exhaustingly, to these shores'peculiar powers of stimulation -- she saw the city as from above, telescoped on its great bare plains that the ruins marked, aqueducts and tombs, here a cypress, there a pine, and all around the low blue hills.
Shoals of tourists went by her in national groups -- English school girls in blue uniforms, German boys with cameras attached, smartly dressed Americans looking in shop windows.
Other people were doing it, too, sitting all along the wide banisters and leaning over the parapets above, watching the azaleas mass, or just enjoying the sun.
Poor Cousin Elec, she thought, tears rising to sting in the sun, but why couldn't he have arranged to live through the summer?
Two days before he was taken sick, Cousin Elec was out worrying about what too much rain might do to his sweetpeas, and Cousin Elec had always preserved in the top drawer of his secretary a mother-of-pearl paper knife which Theresa had coveted as a child and which he had promised she could have when he died.
The only boy, the family darling.
She kept repeating.
Theresa shifted to a new page.
I may settle on some makeshift arrangements for the summer and wait until you return in the fall so we can work out together the best.
She said.
Finally, she scurried away up the steps.
"Signora"?
Susan Dolan, that's me.
"Look, Sue baby", he'd said.
He had an easy masculine grace about him, the kind that kids don't have, but that I had sometimes admired in other older men.
She wouldn't have, even if he'd asked her.
Yet even then we did nothing much but talk, and maybe neck a little.
"I could walk out the door".
"I might".
I had just the same as delivered him into the hands of the Devil!
"Will you always love me this way"?
Johnnie rose on one elbow.
There would have been a ceremony if it had been possible.
And I had no doubts about how true this love was.
"Love me"?
I'd been seeing Johnnie almost a year now, but I still didn't want to leave him for five whole days.
After the meeting, there was going to be a party at someone's house.
By the time we arrived, the party was already going strong.
"She's invisible tonight.
The kitchen was jammed.
Share bath, maybe -- but share refrigerator?
The red pills are a vitamin-and-iron compound.
From now on, his was going to be a man's world: the North Woods, duck blinds at dawning, beer and poker and male secretaries.
Thought I'd bake it out in the sun".
He dozed, only to dream of Vivian, and woke, only to crash into the night table, bruising his other shin.
The note paper was pink, too, and the handwriting small and dainty and utterly feminine.
Yes, take Vivian.
"Oh, nothing.
You want to watch out that you don't get burned to an ash, first sunny day.
Charlie looked in the mirror.
No wonder she was so pale, wearing all those cold clothes.
Why don't you try that"?
"I guess that redhead next to me took your advice.
And he saw them all as he walked up and down.
Now Vivian, for instance, was not too long on sympathy.
The only thing, this lotion has glycerin in it, and that whitens the skin, so if you're so anxious to get a tan, you may not want to use it".
Do you have anything to read while you're shut up?
Eddie caught up with the ball near the fence and threw it to Phil.
He jumped to his feet and started to throw punches.
"Keep your eyes open, sonny"!
He stepped into the dugout, wondering why Deegan was always looking for trouble.
Only Mike got to his feet.
Phil Rossoff, seated next to Deegan, got up and moved to the other end of the bench.
"That was a rotten thing to do".
The game started again and in the eighth inning Mike Deegan came up to bat.
Charlie Haydon, a pitcher, said.
He stood flat-footed in the box, but not very close to the plate now.
Phil Rossoff and two other Riverside players did not go out on the field when the fighting started.
"Well!
"I'm not trying to say anything".
"The best thing for you to do", Eddie said, "is go home.
"Sit down, sit down", Eddie said.
You're not in the big leagues, but if you can't give and take down here what the hell do you think it'll be like up there"?
"What difference does your batting average make?
It's a way of life, goddamit!
Eddie nodded.
Phil shrugged.
"Don't take it like this", Frankie said.
"Talk to Whitey Jackson".
"Atta boy".
His broad reading took him into certain by-ways of religion and the subject of religion began to fascinate him.
Richard seldom spoke anyhow and he didn't speak to his parents about religion again.
"Yes", he lied to shorten the conversation, "I still have it".
In Tokyo Richard took up a life similar to that which he had lived in New York, except that he had replaced his biwa with a friend.
I was thoroughly startled".
"I shouldn't have been able to do that".
And the man who brought sweet potatoes into Kanto is buried there, next to a beautiful seated statue of Fudo.
Richard's dark eyes came up and seemed for the tiniest moment to reflect sharp light.
He was surprised by the sharp sensation he experienced as he approached the pool which Charlotte had mentioned.
Then the flames were gone, the stillness fell upon the severe black face and Richard began to tremble violently.
The boy usually was sent out at about that time with the water, and he always dragged an old snow-fence lath or a stick along, to play with.
I pulled the throttle of the tractor in and out, hoping to frighten him with the noise, but the snake only flicked its black, forked tongue and faced the huge tractor wheel, without fright or concern.
I picked him up, and the length of him arched very carefully and gracefully and only a little wildly, and I could feel the coolness of that radiant, fire-colored body, like splendid ice, and I knew that he had eaten only recently because there were two whole and solid little lumps in the forepart of him, like fieldmice swallowed whole might make.
The earth was a little heavy and I had to stop once and clean the plowshares because they were not scouring properly, and I did not look back towards the place until I had turned the corner and was plowing across the upper line of the large field, a long way from where I had stopped because of the snake.
I was afraid to look for fear the evil might still be going on.
I stopped the tractor and climbed down and the boy came eagerly up to me.
"I killed a snake;
"Snakes are ugly and bad, and it might have bitten somebody, and they would have died".
The boy skipped along beside me, and he was contented with what he had done.
I'm sorry, I thought to the snake, for you were beautiful.
He came up and was going to push at it with his heavy shoes.
Yes, the boy's credentials were in order -- scholastic transcript, character references, picture, health record, successful college boards.
But he had been busy building a business, being a big man in his own town just as he had been a big man at Hanford, Class of 1935.
But then, he hadn't studied very hard.
He turned back to the typewriter with a little more confidence.
What a production to make of a letter commending your own son!
After all, his wife had written most of his letters for him in those first lean days of Partlow Products.
"You look like you just heard a real gasser, Mr. Partlow".
"Going to State"?
They had all turned down his son.
He liked looking at Anne.
I know it is midweek, but it's only eight days before commencement.
"Hear anything from Hanford yet, Dad"?
"Girls, my dear parent, are here to stay!
Need any help"?
"And he wasn't really elected treasurer of the science club.
"I don't think you've been quite honest, Cady.
He hasn't been to a symphony concert all season".
Don't worry, Cady, he'll be back in the Beethoven fold by next year".
He hasn't used it now for several years.
Anne picked up the towel she was hemming for the hospital guild.
All your wishful thinking won't change that.
In his bachelor days, his bedroom had been strewn with clothes which his mother, or later the hotel maid, generally saw fit to put in order.
But, to put it bluntly, nothing snapped.
It was on the tenth day after the wedding (how could it have been so soon?
He was wrong.
Martin was standing a few feet from the front door.
Then he caught just enough to know that the shorts were still there.
On the contrary, it would only weaken his position if he fumed, while she stayed calm and adamant.
She was talking about him that time, because he had done some bad thing, something she disliked, but "Afterwards Martin said he was sorry.
Angrily Martin wished they had delayed the wedding and gone on a trip -- preferably one that lasted months -- instead of deciding not to postpone the date until he could get away.
While he waited in the living room.
Never again did he enter into the ritual of showing the apartment.
The most bizarre situation.
Alternately he had periods of hostile defeatism in which he determined sullenly, morosely, to live out his life in this fashion.
Martin guessed that Dolores would not be so eager to tell the next installment of her story.
Slowly and deliberately she reached down and touched the lace with her fingers, then hesitated for about a second.
"Good old A-Z", Cap said.
Freddy needed a job, having been detached from a rather dangerous career in real estate and skyscraper financing by Gerry, and it was up to Arthur Willis to provide him with one.
They acquired another electronics factory, a specialized ceramics company, an organization that built -- very experimentally -- high-speed research calculators.
and if he wasn't entirely committed to what he did, he was at least fascinated by the chance of wider opportunities.
This means the aircraft companies are going to tear into the government market, looking for anything they can get and making the competition tough.
I wish you wouldn't tell Freddy I'm lukewarm;
Zenith absorbed Allstates, stock transfers were arranged, and Freddy became president of the hyphenated combination.
Freddy's solution doesn't appeal to me.
Taking Hamrick with him, William went to Mr. Willis.
If they follow anyone, it'll have to be you".
From shock and incredulity, most of the listeners went on to open resistance and animosity.
Can't we put an end to this, Arthur"?
Let's make it moonlight and the call of far places and a seduction, at reasonable rates.
"All right", William said.
I'm not giving you a chance, Bill, but availing myself of your generous offer of assistance.
It was among these that Hinkle identified a photograph of Barco!
Thus it was that Barco, apprehended for mere larceny, now began to suspect that one or another of his murders had been uncovered.
Welch wanted to know why.
But if true, it was the case of which he had dreamed, the case which would throw him into headlines all over America as the hero of a great murder trial.
He'd show them!
He directed the cortege of autos to the sand dunes near Santa Monica.
The captain was remarking that it was a nice day for a picnic when finally one of the shovels struck an object.
It was apparent that Welch was in cahoots with Marshall and would use his power as D.A. to drag every possible sensation into the case.
Well, here it is.
He made his way to his host's bedroom where he carefully brushed himself off, neatly arranged his hair, and painstakingly selected his hat from the many on the bed.
I couldn't invite Viola to our house, for Mother snobbishly refused to receive her.
Viola greeted me, in checked apron, ladle in hand, and explained it was the cook's night out and that she herself was preparing dinner.
Somehow managing to get out a cool, poised, "Won't you hold on a second, please", I covered up the mouthpiece, and with more warmth and less poise, gave a quick lecture on crime and punishment, mostly the latter, including Devil's Island and the remoter reaches of Siberia.
What I meant to say was that I started to start in on the dishes by gathering them all together in the kitchen sink.
She was the daughter and sole heiress of either a cattle baron or an oil millionaire and, having arrived in New York with a big bank roll, became a dabbler in various fields.
"You are bound to get involved with people when you have children", Fran had told me at our first meeting, "so it is good to know that those with whom you get involved are not just dreary little housewives and dull husbands, but People Who Do Things".
No one could dislike them, I thought.
Francesca was pleasant and charming, but Blanche was sweet.
Grazie was mean: quietly mean, and bitterly, unfunnily sarcastic.
all were fellows of finite charm.
"O!
Reverently and raised their eyes, as if they were at a loss to describe how they felt about Kafka, which they were, because they had no opinions about Kafka, not having read Kafka.
I dug around and found a mix, and was able to surprise them with a devil's-food cake with chocolate icing.
But what quarter could a poor defenseless woman expect from a dictator who would even make so bold as to close all of the banks in our great nation?
My plea was unanimously voted down and "thrown out".
Traitor indeed!
As for his finances, I was never privileged to know exactly how much money Letch had "salted away".
I now felt it wiser to keep Baby-dear in school and -- during the summers -- at a camp run by the Society of Friends all year around.
These are but a sampling of the insults I endured.
He did not!
(An actor must have discipline.
)
The difficulty was that each day seemed to produce its quota of details which must be cleaned up immediately.
Now it became increasingly apparent that there were to be no dogs in the picture.
Did older people work more slowly?
He looked at the luminous dial of his wrist watch.
Best not to get everything at once.
In front of it would be his workbench.
Perhaps that was the first thing to do.
To his amazement he reached him.
Mr. Crumb would probably see him at Lodge Meeting the next night.
then a couple of fluorescent lamps over the workbench an'I guess we're about through down here".
As usual, Mrs. Crombie was standing in the midst of a confusion of cooking utensils.
"But those are the things I built the workshop for", protested Mr. Crombie.
Richard Brinsley Sheridan said, "I think the interpreter is the hardest to be understood of the two".
"I wrote Bill in my last letter to forget that I had told him that I didn't mean to reconsider my decision not to change my mind -- and he seems to have misunderstood me".
"Senator", said an interviewer, "your constituents can't understand from your speech last night just how you stand on the question".
"What's the name of his other leg"?
Readers of the Reader's Digest are familiar with such items which often appear in its lists of verbal slips, like the ad in a California paper that advertised "House for rent.
We have complete facilities to accommodate 200 people".
The double meaning in the anatomical made it a familiar vaudeville device, as in the gags of Weber and Fields.
"I want the fish served whole, with head and tail", the epicure explained, "and serve it with lemon in mouth".
The comic indefinite comprises an extensive class of comedy.
Where were you"?
It is but so-so".
"What have you got on today"?
The moonlit night was made for romance, and he had been looking at her soulfully for some time.
Ambiguity arises when the pronoun it carries a twofold reference.
A bee's place is in the hive".
it is manic as a man".
Foreigners this way'!
"Speaking of nonism: the other day, in a story about a sit-down demonstration, the Paris Herald Tribune wrote,'The non-violence became noisier.
I'm not pleading for the heart that leaps up when it beholds a rainbow in the sky, or for the heart that with rapture fills and dances with the daffodils.
"What has impressed you most on your present visit"?
I stood up and began pacing.
Borrowing a line from Don Marquis'Mehitabel.
She told the sheep,'The world is coming to an end'!
"The political and intellectual Left began fighting humor and comedy years ago, because they fear things they do not understand and cannot manage, such as satire and irony, such as humor and comedy.
"What a nasty fall was there"!
Why do we not realize that no ideology believes so much in itself as it disbelieves in something else?
One day, the children had wanted to get up onto General Burnside's horse.
But this is a public park and it's a city ordinance that the statues cannot be crawled on".
I know something that is much more fun that we can do on our little lawn".
"Is it anything like cooked-over oatmeal"?
The children looked at each other and sagged their bottoms down even more comfortably than ever.
They both tried to keep smiling and winking for a long time, but it made their lips and eyelids tremble.
The first one said, "He sure does shake.
Or his horse.
They were clumsy, but they were beginning to catch on.
We couldn't help laughing.
Also, she lived in continual fear of finding a white worm curled up in a neat, mean little heap at the white center of the radish.
"It must be awfully good for them.
I opened the window and threw the radish out".
As a matter of fact, this happened every four or five months.
They were pushed gently into the room by Arlene -- whose only part appearing were hands that crept quickly back around to the kitchen side of the door.
"You do"?
Usually, this was done when attention was diverted by someone else's long, boring story.
"We grind, too", he said.
He read Henry James and used to pretend profundity through eye-beamings at people.
An unusual, if not extraordinary, rendering of the classic myth that involves the rescue of Prometheus from the rock by the U.S. Cavalry was given last week in the warehouse of the Albany Leather Conduit Company amid cheers of "Hubba hubba" and "Yalagaloo pip pip"!
Likewise, and equally fascinating, is the news that such unlikely synonyms as "pratakku", "sweathruna", and the tongue-twister "nnuolapertar-it-vuh-karti-birifw-" all originated in the same village in Bathar-on-Walli Province and are all used to express sentiments concerning British "imperialism".
The effect, needless to say, is almost terrifying, and though at times a bit obscure, the film is certainly a much-needed catharsis for the "repressed" movie-goer.
As Broadway itself becomes increasingly weighted down by trite, heavy-handed, commercially successful musicals and inspirational problem dramas, the American theatre is going through an inexorable renaissance in that nebulous area known as "off-Broadway".
Petite, lovely Yvette Chadroe plays the nymphomaniac engagingly.
The Champs Elysees is literally littered this summer with the prostrate bodies of France's beat-up beatnik jeunes filles.
It is his relentlessness and unwaivering adherence to this revolutionary artistic philosophy that has enabled him to paint such pictures as "The Invasion of Cuba".
I merely draw an etymological distinction, hoping that specialists and busy people like you will welcome such precision in a layman.
You then descended one story, glommed a television set from the music room -- the only constructive feature of your visit, by the way -- and, returning to the ground floor, entered the master bedroom.
Hold on tight.
Whether the pair of Sudanese ivory carvings you lifted really possess the juju to turn your livers to lead, as a dealer in Khartoum assured me, I am not competent to say.
Neither do I, but the Tjokorda Agoeng was good enough to translate, and I'll do as much for you.
A couple of years back, I occupied a Village apartment whose outer staircase contained the type of niche called a "coffin turn".
Well, the odious little toad went along chivying animals and humans who couldn't retaliate, and in due course, as was inevitable, overreached himself.
The grocery the youth worked for soon tired of his depressing effect on customers, most of whom were sufficiently neurotic without the threat of incubi, and let him go.
There's some kind of a nemesis haunting his footsteps".
the doors of the D train slid shut, and as I dropped into a seat and, exhaling, looked up across the aisle, the whole aviary in my head burst into song.
