The September-October term jury had been charged by Fulton Superior Court Judge Durwood Pye to investigate reports of possible "irregularities" in the hard-fought primary which was won by Mayor-nominate Ivan Allen Jr.
It urged that the next Legislature "provide enabling funds and re-set the effective date so that an orderly implementation of the law may be effected".
Regarding Atlanta's new multi-million-dollar airport, the jury recommended "that when the new management takes charge Jan. 1 the airport be operated in a manner that will eliminate political influences".
The couple was married Aug. 2, 1913.
The mayor's present term of office expires Jan. 1.
The Republicans must hold a primary under the county unit system -- a system which the party opposes in its platform.
Meanwhile, it was learned the State Highway Department is very near being ready to issue the first $30 million worth of highway reconstruction bonds.
A similar resolution passed in the Senate by a vote of 29-5.
-- After a long, hot controversy, Miller County has a new school superintendent, elected, as a policeman put it, in the "coolest election I ever saw in this county".
During the election campaign, both candidates, Davis and Bush, reportedly received anonymous telephone calls.
But questions with which committee members taunted bankers appearing as witnesses left little doubt that they will recommend passage of it.
His contention was denied by several bankers, including Scott Hudson of Sherman, Gaynor B. Jones of Houston, J. B. Brady of Harlingen and Howard Cox of Austin.
Dallas may get to hear a debate on horse race parimutuels soon between Reps. V. E. (Red) Berry and Joe Ratcliff.
Another enlarged authority of the Beaumont Navigation District.
Marshall Formby of Plainview, former chairman of the Texas Highway Commission, suggested a plan to fill by appointment future vacancies in the Legislature and Congress, eliminating the need for costly special elections.
Austin, Texas
"Dallas and Fort Worth can vote bonds.
Fifty-three of the 150 representatives immediately joined Grover as co-signers of the proposal.
Denton, Texas (sp.)
Calls for extension
"Some of the defendants strongly indicated they knew they were receiving stolen property.
Decisions are made
Wexler admitted in earlier court hearings that he issued grand jury subpenas to about 200 persons involved in the election investigation, questioned the individuals in the Criminal courts building, but did not take them before the grand jury.
The case of the judges in the 58th precinct of the 23d ward had been heard previously and taken under advisement by Karns.
It would be financed by boosting the social security payroll tax by as much as $37 a year for each of the workers now paying such taxes.
Nursing home care
The President noted that Congress last year passed a law providing grants to states to help pay medical bills of the needy aged.
Apart from the aged care plan the President's most ambitious and costly proposals were for federal scholarships, and grants to build or enlarge medical and dental schools.
In the area of "community health services", the President called for doubling the present 10 million dollar a year federal grants for nursing home construction.
The President said his proposals combine the "indispensable elements in a sound health program -- people, knowledge, services, facilities, and the means to pay for them".
Only 11 senators were on the floor and there was no record vote.
This atmosphere of understanding has been particularly noticeable where relations are concerned between the "colonialist" powers and those who have never, or not for a long time, had such problems.
But he hastened to add that, if United States policies were not always clear, despite Mr. Rusk's analysis of the various global danger points and setbacks for the West, this may merely mean the new administration has not yet firmly fixed its policy.
This increase in the "threshold", as the conventional forces strengthening is called, will prove one of the alliance's most difficult problems in the months to come.
The inclination here is to accept a de facto cease-fire in Laos, rather than continue to insist on a verification of the cease-fire by the international control commission before participating in the Geneva conference.
They can hardly restrain themselves from raising the question of whether Republicans, if they had been in power, would have made "amateurish and monumental blunders" in Cuba.
Mr. Nixon, for his part, would oppose intervention in Cuba without specific provocation.
Again and again it asked the Communists to "freeze" the military situation in Laos.
There certainly was not any more energy displayed after it was clear the United States would not back the pro-Western government to the hilt.
The President has also called upon the Attorney General, the Secretary of Health, Education and Welfare, and the Secretary of Labor to coordinate their efforts "in the development of a program of federal leadership to assist states and local communities in their efforts to cope with the problem.
He expressed the opinion the city could hire a CD director for about $3,500 a year and would only have to put up half that amount on a matching fund basis to defray the salary costs.
The Narragansett Race Track grounds is one assembly point, he said, and a drive-in theater in Seekonk would be another.
A copy was released to the press.
The statutes, similar in both the Bay State and Rhode Island and dating back in some instances to colonial times, severely limit the types of merchandise that may be sold on the Sabbath.
He said he was "confessing that I was a member of the Socialist Party in 1910".
Indicating the way in which he has turned his back on his 1910 philosophy, Mr. Reama said: "A Socialist is a person who believes in dividing everything he does not own".
He assured Mr. Martinelli and the council that he would study the correct method and report back to the council as soon as possible.
Misunderstanding of the real meaning of a home rule charter was cited as a factor which has caused the Citizens Group to obtain signatures under what were termed "false pretenses".
Mitchell was for using it, Jones against, and Sen. Wayne Dumont Jr. R-Warren did not mention it when the three Republican gubernatorial candidates spoke at staggered intervals before 100 persons at the Park Hotel.
Mitchell said the closeness of the outcome in last fall's Presidential election did not mean that Eisenhower Republicanism was a dead issue.
Noting that Plainfield last year had lost the Mack Truck Co. plant, he said industry will not come into this state until there is tax reform.
"I find it hard to understand how anyone seeking a position in public life could demonstrate such poor judgment and bad taste.
That failed.
The candidacy of Mayor James J. Sheeran of West Orange, for the Republican nomination for sheriff of Essex County, was supported today by Edward W. Roos, West Orange public safety commissioner.
He also expanded and modernized the radio system with a central control station.
We'll not talk out of one side of our mouth in Morris County and out of the other side in Hudson.
He said legislation for a $60 million bond issue to underwrite the program is expected to be introduced Monday.
Trenton
The resentment among Democratic organization leaders to the reported Wagner plan was directed particularly at the Mayor's efforts to name his own running mates without consulting the leaders.
Last night the Mayor visited Mr. Buckley at the Bronx leader's home for a discussion of the situation.
But as I have said before, if I announce my candidacy, I will have something definite to say about running mates".
But there are reasons for the current spotlight on the subject.
In the Senate, several bills are expected to pass without any major conflict or opposition.
It also provides for funds to clear slums and help colleges build dormitories.
Six of these were proposed by religious groups.
Missionary explains
-- At a gay party in the Kremlin for President Sukarno of Indonesia, Premier Khrushchev pulled out his pockets and said, beaming: "Look, he took everything I had"!
One effect of the proposal, which puts a premium on population instead of economic strength, as in the past, would be to take jobs from European nations and give more to such countries as India.
Geneva, June 18
The pace of the talks has slowed with each passing week.
He is a native of New Orleans and attended Allen Elementary school, Fortier High school and Soule business college.
But from a historic viewpoint none can approach it.
Along this avenue which saw marching soldiers from the War Between the States returning in 1865 is the National Archives building where hundreds of thousands of this country's most valuable records are kept.
Division three will be headed by the Marines followed by 12 states;
Could be scramble
The issue which may make it necessary to have a session is the highly sensitive problem of cutting the state's congressional districts from six to five to eliminate one congressional seat.
Baton Rouge, La.
The effectiveness of the governor in clearing up some of the inconsistencies revolving about the sales tax bill may play a part in determining whether it can muster the required two-thirds vote.
Passage of the sales tax measure would also give Davis the means to effect a transition.
In either case, it could call a special session of the Legislature later in 1961 to make another stab at raising additional revenues through a tax raiser.
Shortcuts unnoticed
Concern bankrupt
The contract called for overhauling of 102 joints.
Wagner replied, "Can't you just see the headline:'City Hooked for $172,000'"?
Testifies at hearing
The ordinance would increase fees from $1 for males and $2 for females to a flat $5 a dog.
Petitions asking for a jail term for Norristown attorney Julian W. Barnard will be presented to the Montgomery County Court Friday, it was disclosed Tuesday by Horace A. Davenport, counsel for the widow of the man killed last Nov. 1 by Barnard's hit-run car.
Four parks planned
Kansas City, Mo., Feb. 9 (UPI)
The explosion sent the hood of the car flying over the roof of the house.
The association said it would post 24 hour guards at Gladden's home and at those of James Mining and Eugene Shiflett.
Party leaders came out of the final meeting apparently satisfied and stated that complete agreement had been reached on a solution to the crisis created by the elections which left no party with enough strength to form a government on its own.
Patience needed
The United States must plan to absorb the exported goods of the country, at what he termed a "social cost".
Mrs. Molvar, who kept reiterating her request that they "please take a stand", said, "We must have faith in somebody -- on the local level, and it wouldn't be possible for everyone to rush to a school to get their children".
On Friday he will go to Portland for the swearing in of Dean Bryson as Multnomah County Circuit Judge.
Oak Grove (special)
The changes, unanimously adopted, were felt necessary in the face of modern trends away from the Bible.
-- the sinless life of Christ
In his opening address Wednesday the Rev. Mr. Zimmerman, urged the delegates to consider a 10-year expansion program, with "Breakthrough" the theme for the first two years.
To step up the denomination's program, the Rev. Mr. Brandt suggested the vision of 8,000 new Assemblies of God churches in the next 10 years.
Denials were of motions of dismissal, continuance, mistrial, separate trial, acquittal, striking of testimony and directed verdict.
Siebern hits homer
Three were doubles, Brooks Robinson getting a pair and Marv Breeding one.
Pete Ward was sent in for House and, after failing in a bunt attempt, popped to Howser on the grass back of short.
Lumpe worked a walk as the first batter to face Hyde and romped around as Siebern blasted Hyde's next toss 415 feet over the scoreboard in right center.
freshman average, completes the Birds'spring squad at 49 players.
Hansen will engage in his first workout at Miami Stadium prior to the opening tomorrow night of a two-game weekend series with the New York Yankees.
Baltimore's bulky spring-training contingent now gradually will be reduced as Manager Paul Richards and his coaches seek to trim it down to a more streamlined and workable unit.
"Then we'd really have someplace to go".
She was moving up to the allowance department after winning a $10,000 claiming event.
She snapped five tenths of a second off the mark set by Helen Shipley, of Wellsley College, in the National A.A.U. meet in Columbus, Ohio.
Although he never gets to play while the clock is running, he gets a big kick -- several every Saturday, in fact -- out of football.
Moritz was bothered during the first two games this year by a pulled muscle in the thigh of his right (kicking) leg and, as a result, several of his successful conversions have gone barely far enough.
Place kicking is largely a matter of timing, Moritz declared.
Tailback James Saxton already has surpassed his rushing total for his brilliant sophomore season, when he netted 271 yards on 55 carries;
"I think the big thing about the game was that our kids for the third straight week stayed in there pitching and kept the pressure on.
Gannon contributed saving plays on the Falcons'aerial thrusts in the late stages.
"He'll be out of action all this week.
Huddle hearsay
Exclaimed Stram.
He was called upon 26 times -- more than all of the other ball-carriers combined -- and delivered 145 yards.
Not satisfied with various unofficial checks on the liveliness of baseballs currently in use, the major leagues have ordered their own tests, which are in progress at Massachusetts Institute of Technology.
Alusik then moved Cooke across with a line drive to left.
Cliff Cook accounted for three of the Tribe's eight hits.
-- Billy Gardner's line double, which just eluded the diving Minnie Minoso in left field, drove in Jim Lemon with the winning run with two out in the last of the ninth to give the Minnesota Twins a 6-5 victory over the Chicago White Sox Monday.
Ogden, Utah, May 1 -- (AP)
The conductor said to Ritchie: "I don't think you want to talk to him.
"I can't hit anymore.
The modest and happy Spahn waved off his new laurels as one of those good days.
Willie's big day revived the running argument about the relative merits of Mays and Mickey Mantle.
The last couple of years the Bears management got the business from the "Living Room Athletic Club" when games were cut off.
Johnny Blanchard, Mantle's replacement, slammed a 2-run homer as the Yankees routed loser Joey Jay in a 5-run first inning.
-- Nick Skorich, the line coach for the football champion Philadelphia Eagles, was elevated today to head coach.
Philadelphia permitted him to seek a better connection after he had refused to reconsider his decision to end his career as a player.
Four years later he resigned to take a similar job with the Green Bay Packers.
Mazeroski, whose homer beat the Yankees in the final series game, will receive the Babe Ruth Award as the outstanding player in the 1960 world series.
When he was unable to bring about immediate expansion, he sought to convince another National League club to move here.
He attended New York University before switching to Georgetown University in Washington.
Deane Beman, the National Amateur champion, and all the metropolitan district champions, including Bob Gardner, the amateur title-holder, also will receive awards.
It made him human.
The ball went off in a majestic arc, an out-of-bounds slice.
Willie's partner was Long Jim Barnes, who tried to keep count.
This knowledge has come in handy, too.
That's how he first won the Masters in 1958.
He scored a 4 for the embedded ball, a 3 with the provisional one.
"We'll have the problem of baseball at one end and weather at the other".
2 The desire to give Broglio as many starts as possible;
After a lengthy workout yesterday, an open date, Hemus said that Bob Nieman definitely would stay in the lineup.
Until the Bucs'bats quieted down a bit in Cincinnati over the weekend, the champions had eight men hitting over.
No plunkers for him".
Since 1949, the only National League club that got off to a hot start and made a runaway of the race was the'55 Dodger team.
"Several times I found the players pepping me up, where it usually is the coach who is supposed to deliver the fight talk.
Bob Burnes, sports editor of the Globe-Democrat, presented Bob Nordmann with his award.
The tie was against Southeast Missouri last Friday.
Their heights, that is.
The old man was almost too possessive.
Willie's wonderful walloping Sunday -- four home runs -- served merely to emphasize how happy he is to be playing for Alvin Dark.
Their father is Charles B. Armour.
"Housed in the new McCormick Place theater, this should prove to be an exciting evening", adds Mrs. Sims.
Harvey B. Stevens of Kenilworth will give his niece in marriage.
The last obstacle in Mrs. Geraghty's globe-girdling trip was smoothed out when a representative of Syria called upon her to explain that his brother would meet her at the border of that country -- so newly separated from Egypt and the United Arab Republic that she hadn't been able to obtain a visa.
Miss Abra Prentice's debut supper dance in the Casino will wind up the day.
A farewell supper Mr. and Mrs. Charles H. Sethness Jr. planned Sunday for Italian Consul General and Mrs. Giacomo Profili has been canceled because Mr. Sethness is in Illinois Masonic hospital for surgery.
And watch for a headline from this pair any time now.
There is no such thing as an "emergency telephone building fund drive".
Typical touch: She sold a $10,000 morning light mink to Sportsman Freddie Wacker for his frau, Jana Mason, also an ex-singer.
And Bernie Kriss calls the bayonet clashes at Berlin's Brandenburg Gate, "The Battle of the Sentry"!
"La Dolce Vita", the dynamite Italian flicker, opens at popular prices at the Loop theater Nov. 2.
Members and guests will be in for an added surprise with the new wing containing 40 rooms and suites, each with its own private patio.
Mr. and Mrs. Merrill Shoup have returned to their home in Colorado Springs after spending a few days at the Brown Palace Hotel.
The committee for the annual Central City fashion show has been announced by Mrs. D. W. Moore, chairman.
A cheery smile, a compassionate interest in others and a practical down-to-earth approach.
The Denverite has worked out an entire program to achieve this using the facilities of the center.
Ah, that is simple.
There are even motels for local weather peculiarities in Shamrock, Tex., as I discovered.
That made up for the "best" motel in Norman, Okla., where the proprietor knocked $2 off the $8.50 tab when we found ants in the pressed-paper furniture.
Her husband, who is the son of Alton John Mason of Shreveport, La., and the late Mrs. Henry Cater Parmer, was president of Alpha Tau Omega and a member of Delta Sigma Pi at Lamar Tech, and did graduate work at Rhodes University in Grahamstown, South Africa, on a Rotary Fellowship.
Miss Shirley Joan Meredith, a former student of North Texas State University, was married Saturday to Larry W. Mills, who has attended Arlington State College.
The First Christian Church of Pampa was the setting for the wedding last Sunday of Miss Marcile Marie Glison and Thomas Earl Loving Jr., who will live at 8861 Gaston after a wedding trip to New Orleans, La.
Basin Street Beat
Guests will be treated to Gulf Coast scenic effects.
It's big business
Mrs. Ralph Taussig, for junior aides;
The Troop is proud of its camping-out program -- on year-round schedule and was continued even when sub-zero temperatures were registered during the past winter.
Noted artist
Also Mrs. Berton Korman, Mrs. Morton Rosen, Mrs. Jacques Zinman, Mrs. Evelyn Rosen, Mrs. Henry Schultz, Mr. and Mrs. I. S. Kamens, Mrs. Jack Langsdorf, Mrs. Leonard Liss, Mrs. Gordon Blumberg, Mrs. Oscar Bregman, Mrs. Alfred Kershbaum and Mrs. Edward Sabol.
Mr. Ingo Dussa, of Dusseldorf, Germany, and Mr. Bietnar Haaek, of Brelin.
Miss Vieth was graduated from the Louise S. McGehee school and is attending Wellesley College in Wellesley, Mass.
The large municipal hall was ablaze with color, which shown out from the bright array of chic ballgowns worn by those participating in the "maskers'dances".
The reduction in expenses will affect employees in the thirteen states in which the B. & O. operates.
A thug struck a cab driver in the face with a pistol last night after robbing him of $18 at Franklin and Mount Streets.
Boy in fair condition
Mrs. Williams had a list which she said contained about nine or ten discrepancies between her memory of Dr. Jenkins's conversation and how they were written up for the board's approval.
Doctors at the hospital said he was partially paralyzed on the right side.
Equipment should be in operation "almost immediately after the first snowfall", Mr. Schaefer said.
-- The 15-year-old adopted son of a Washington attorney and his wife, who were murdered early today in their Chesapeake Bay-front home, has been sent to Spring Grove State Hospital for detention.
The description of the car was immediately broadcast throughout Southern Maryland on police radio.
Mr. Simpkins is a resident of Somerset county, and he and the Governor, also a Somerset countian, have been friends since Mr. Simpkins was a child.
The cumulative total of construction contracts for the first ten months of 1961 amounted to $634,517,000, a 4 per cent increase compared to the corresponding period of last year.
Convenience held key
London, Feb. 9
They are accused of whisking secrets out of naval strongrooms over which they kept guard.
Only Miss Gee asked for bail.
He asserted that the Krogers were the bankers for Moscow, Lonsdale the Red paymaster, and the two civil servants the recipients for selling their country's secrets.
Almost any information about the Dreadnought would also reveal secrets about the American underwater fleet.
Thru development, the reactor and its steam turbines had been reduced greatly in size, and also in complexity, allowing a single propeller to be used, the navy said.
Range was a vital detail.
Although federal and city narcotic agents sometimes worked together, Sokol continued, rivalries developed when they were "aiming at the same criminals".
Buaford Robinson, 23, of 7026 Stewart Av., a CTA bus driver, was slugged and robbed last night by a group of youths at 51st Street and South Park Way.
It was when he attempted to end the relationship that the murder took place.
He returned to his cell in the county jail, where he has been held since his arrest last July, without a word to his court-appointed attorney, Jack Walker, or his guard.
Hengesbach has been living in Grand Ledge since his house and barn were burned down after his release in 1958.
A verdict against Pohl came at 4:05 p.m. after almost 13-1/2 hours of deliberation.
Mrs. Eleanor Kowalski, 42, died yesterday afternoon in Holy Cross Hospital of burns suffered in a fire that followed a bottled gas explosion Saturday night at the flat of her widowed mother, Mrs. Mary Pankowski, in the adjoining suburb of Warren.
Eleanor, 2;
He said contributions also could be mailed to Post Office Box 553, Warren Village Station.
"I never knew there were such neighbors and friends around me and my family.
The motorist later was identified as Richard Sarkees, 17, of 2433 McClellan, currently on probation and under court order not to drive.
A 14-power conference on Laos should then meet on May 5, he said.
There was no confirmation of such massive assaults from independent sources.
McNair, 25, was seized March 20 with four Cubans and accused of trying to land a boatload of rifles in Pinar Del Rio, about 35 miles from Havana.
"Emory University's charter and by-laws have never required admission or rejection of students on the basis of race", board chairman Henry L. Bowden stated.
Urged in 1954
A young man was killed and two others injured at midnight Friday when the car they were riding slid into a utility pole on Lake Avenue near Waddell Street, NE, police said.
Downtown and art theater managers and owners, contacted Friday night for comment on the COAHR request, said they had no knowledge of such a letter, and that it was not in the Friday mail.
Black said COAHR "hoped to be able to integrate the theaters without taking direct action, but we are pledged to using every legal and nonviolent means at our disposal"
John W. Ball
her father, H. T. Simpson, Greenville, S.C., and three sisters, Mrs. W. E. Little and Mrs. Hal B. Wansley, both of Atlanta, and Mrs. Bill Wallace, Wilmington, N.C.
He attacked one of the officers and was restrained.
After 18 years in the personnel office, she has taken a disability pension on advice of her doctors.
The fire ant is thought to infest approximately two million acres of land in Georgia, attacking crops, young wildlife and livestock and can be a serious health menace to humans who are allergic to its venom, Blasingame said.
Troopers said the child ran into the path of a passing car a half-mile north of Calvary on Georgia 111 in Grady County.
But it probably will be less because of a usual slackening during the last weeks of each month, Smythe said.
Juras said he insisted Field be continued on a consultant basis only and be answerable directly to the administrator of the agency and not to other agencies of the government.
"I rather resent", she said, "you speaking to those groups in Portland as though just the move accomplished this.
Mrs. Huntley was held on $20,000 bond in Phoenix.
Employes of Montgomery Ward & Co. at The Dalles, in a National Labor Relations Board election Thursday voted to decertify Local 1565, Retail Clerks International Association, AFL-CIO, as their collective bargaining agent.
He was a member of Harmony lodge, No. 12, AF & AM, Scottish Rite;
and five grandchildren.
The youngsters sell stock, produce and sell a product, pay taxes, and show a profit or loss just like full-scale businesses.
Phil Reifenrath, Madison high school;
Bill Davis quartet of Hillsboro was second and baton twirler Sue Ann Nuttall of Reedville third.
Charles Reynolds of Pumpkin Ridge was rabbit showmanship champion.
Appeals were heard for two days two weeks ago.
Thieves yesterday ransacked a home in the Garden Hills section of Cranston and stole an estimated $3,675 worth of furs, jewels, foreign coins and American dollars.
Patrolman Robert J. Nunes, who investigated, said the thieves broke in through the back door.
Mr. Stone suffered fractured ribs and chest cuts, hospital authorities said.
Supt. Clarence S. Taylor had recommended Roger I. Vermeersch for the post.
The fund's statewide quota this year is $8,250 to provide Christmas gifts for needy youngsters.
The hospital has used the money to assist in alterations on the fifth floor of the Jane Brown Hospital, part of Rhode Island Hospital.
Birmingham, Ala. -- (AP)
He asked members of the panel to tell him if anyone outside the court had spoken to them about the case.
The perjury charge against Mr. Parker carries a maximum penalty of $2,000 fine and five years imprisonment on conviction.
"It is like handing a loaded automatic to an 8-year-old and telling him to run out and play", he commented.
The Reed Rogers Da Fonta Wild Life Sanctuary in Marin county on Friday officially became the property of the National Audubon Society.
"The first two pilots had crashed", he said.
It was probably man's first successful flight in a missile.
A crack corps of 50 pilots was formed from the ranks of volunteers, but the project was halted before the end of the war, and the missiles later fell into Allied hands.
Members of the San Francisco American Friends Service, a Quaker organization, will march to San Francisco for a rally in Union Square at 2 p.m. Saturday.
Glimco a buddy
Lee a witness
Government attorneys, Leavitt said, have questioned him closely about "five or six loans" totaling about $40,000 which the liquor company made to Stein in the last year.
Lien payments involved
Later, Huff cashed three checks for $100 each at the Sherman House, using a credit card.
In fact, very few customers, anywhere in the nation, were able to get more than 100 shares.
"We subscribe 500 shares of Morton Foods of Texas.
As a result, it is not easy to find a stock priced as the Morton issue was priced (at roughly 10 times 1960 earnings, to yield a little over 5 per cent on the 64-cent anticipated dividend).
All those things combined to make the Morton Foods stock the hot issue that it was and is.
More than 700 employees make gin machinery that's sold anywhere cotton is grown.
They export also.
The John E. Mitchell Co. began work in Dallas in 1928.
The Stacy Co. makes cleaning and drying equipment for sale largely in Texas.
On a quarter-to-quarter comparison, the first quarter of 1961 total of 9,273 cars was 21 per cent behind the previous year's 3-month total of 11,744.
Principal address will be delivered by Gerald T. Owens, national sales manager for Isodine Pharmical Corp. of New York.
The Kennedy administration's new housing and urban renewal proposals, particularly their effect on the Federal Housing Administration, came under fire in Dallas last week.
Sprinkel strongly refuted the current neo-stagnationist thesis that we are facing a future of limited and slow growth, declaring that this pessimism "is based on very limited and questionable evidence".
He said that from his experience of two years with Gen. Clay in West Berlin administration, that "Russia respects our show of strength, but that presently we're not acting as we should and must".
A substantial rise in new orders and sales of durable goods was reported for last month.
"As we look to the $800 billion economy that is predicted for 1970 and the increase of about 40% in consumer expenditures that will be required to reach that goal, management can well be restless about how this tremendous volume and number of new products will be created and marketed", Peterson said.
Gulf's holdings could have been converted into 2,700,877 shares of Union Oil common upon surrender of debentures plus cash, according to Union.
-- American Stock Exchange prices enjoyed a fairly solid rise but here also trading dwindled.
-- Write to the fund's custodian bank -- the First National Bank of Jersey City, N.J.
Maybe it's taking longer to get things squared away than the bankers expected.
The railroad president made the statement in an interview as the Interstate Commerce Commission opened Round 2 of its hearing into the C & O's request to control and then merge with the B & Aj.
-- The government's short-term borrowing costs rose with Tuesday's weekly offering of Treasury bills.
Expect their own production volume, and presumably sales, to jump 30 percent in 1961.
Gus Ehlers, competitor of Mr. Houtz in this farm community, says his business since August 1 is running 50% above a year earlier.
Two of three report gains
"This morning, we allowed a farmer $600 on the old picker he traded in on a new $2,700 model.
Except for a few months in late 1960 and early 1961, retail farm equipment sales have trailed year-earlier levels since the latter part of 1959.
The Government reported last week that the index of prices received by farmers rose in the month ended at mid-September for the third consecutive month, reaching 242% of the 1910-14 average compared with 237% at mid-July.
Charitable deductions come in for closer scrutiny by the I.R.S.
It said the tax-freedom of the gain in this case stemmed not from the exempt status of the income but from a special rule on corporate liquidations.
The Revenue Service said the addition of the attachment does not keep the range from coming under the Federal manufacturers'excise tax on household-type appliances.
The Washington state supreme court ruled that the state's occupation tax applied to sales, made at cost to an oil company, by a wholly-owned subsidiary set up to purchase certain supplies without divulging the identity of the parent.
Greer Garson, world-famous star of stage, screen and television, will be honored for the high standard in tasteful sophisticated fashion with which she has created a high standard in her profession.
Therefore, her wardrobe is largely mobile, to be packed at a moment's notice and to shake out without a wrinkle.
Black and white is her favorite color combination along with lively glowing pinks, reds, blues and greens.
Honors that have come to Greer Garson are countless.
Last October he gave a public speech in Washington, D.C. entitled "Are Women Here To Stay"?
What does he feed his SMU football mastodons at the training table?
"What with all those pretty girls around, they had a hard time".
Sprinkle over top of chicken breasts.
Walnut, wormy chestnut, pecan, three varieties of burl, hand-woven Philippine cane, ceramic tiles, marble are used to emphasize the feeling of texture and of permanence, the furniture to fit into rooms with tiled floors, brick or paneled walls, windows that bring in the outdoors.
The spider-leg pedestal table has a base finished in an ebony, to set off the lustrous brown of the walnut top.
Stagecoach Days is the theme for the weekend on the Old Chisholm Trail.
The travel club is comprised of 75 fun-loving couples who have as their motto "Go Somewhere, Anywhere, Everywhere".
Mrs. Alice H. Reese, wife of an engineer and mother of a 23-year-old son, was awarded the top prize at a luncheon in the Beverly Hilton Hotel.
The third time was on the floor of the Beverly Hilton ballroom and for the critical eyes and tongues of judges.
When Dr. W. A. Swim celebrated his 75th birthday at the Wilshire Country Club, guests came by chartered plane from all over the country.
And there she had her first showing of tapestry work.
It's much more complex than that.
I explained, however, that I had my share of hardship in making my daily pilgrimage to the feet of wisdom.
Even that isn't satisfactory.
Advance publicity on the Los Angeles Blue Book does not mention names dropped as did the notices for the New York Social Register which made news last week.
Pasadena listings
More new addresses
Measure the puppet to determine the height of the light socket, allowing three to four inches above the puppet's head.
A generation ago there were plenty of people who appreciated antiques and fine reproductions.
The Plus Two remain at a fixed position with drums and guitar but the quartet covers the stage with a batch of instruments ranging from tuba to tambourine, and the beat is solid.
Dick Carroll and his accordion (which we now refer to as "Freida") held over at Bahia Cabana where "Sir" Judson Smith brings in his calypso capers Oct. 13.
This is a bouncy show which may get a little too frantic at times, but is nevertheless worth your appraisal.
Herbert Heilman in town for a day.
Steak House has such a run on beer to wash down that Mexican food "Tex" Burgess had to call the draft man twice in one day.
Her invitation from Premier Joseph Smallwood is reported to be the only one extended to a woman.
-- A Southeast Library Workshop will be held here Oct. 9, conducted by Mrs. Gretchen Schenk of Summerdale, Ala., author, lecturer and library leader.
-- A series of high school assemblies to acquaint junior and senior students with the Junior Achievement program begins at St. Thomas Aquinas Monday.
The best approach, he figured, was to try to influence young people like the high schoolers he and his wife serve as advisors at First Presbyterian Church.
Of particular meaning to the Charles MacWhorter family, 3181 SW 24th Ter., will be the Family Dedication Service planned for 10:50 a.m. Sunday at First Christian Church.
Mr. and Mrs. George Treadwell will be honored at a Family Week supper and program at 6 p.m. Sunday at Trinity Methodist Church.
Enrique Jorda, conductor and musical director of the San Francisco Symphony, will fulfill two more guest conducting engagements in Europe before returning home to open the symphony's Golden Anniversary season, it was announced.
that its persistent use by ballet companies of the Soviet regime indicates that that old spirit is just as stultifying alive today as it ever was;
Oh-the-pain-of-it, that convention of Russian ballet whereby the girls convey the idea that they are all the daughters of impoverished Grand Dukes driven to the stage out of filial piety, is totally absent from the Kirov.
The production, designed by Simon Virsaladze, was completely traditional but traditional in the right way.
Fire Fighters Local 798, which is sponsoring the toy program for the 12th straight year, issued a call for San Franciscans to turn in discarded toys, which will be repaired by off-duty firemen.
After all, this year's movies are next year's television shows.
There is more decadence on "77 Sunset Strip".
Apparently Fellini caught the crowd when its parties had begun to pall.
NBC plans a new series of three long programs exploring America's scientific plans titled "Threshold", to start in the fall.
The wardrobe for a foreign bomb is a little expensive.
"Tires OK?
"About 35".
With a small bomb, I tuck it between Cadillacs.
The AID has undertaken the redecoration of the White House library as a project in connection with the work being done by First Lady Jacqueline Kennedy's Fine Arts Advisory Committee to secure antiques for the presidential home.
But he left the doors to his office open so he could hear the music.
"This is a great national cultural asset, and therefore it is a great source of satisfaction to me, representing as I do today my wife, to welcome all of you here today at the White House".
Transylvania Symphony Conductor Pfohl said yesterday that Mrs. Kennedy's Social Secretary, Letitia Baldrige, told about plans for White House youth concerts before the National Symphony Orchestra League in Philadelphia last spring.
They decided that they thought Rembrandt's self-portrait made him look "sad";
The thing that impressed one of the visitors the most was the Gallery's rotunda fountain "because it's on the second floor".
A wreath will be placed at the tomb of George Washington, one of this Nation's first Masons -- a past master of Washington-Alexandria Lodge 22 in Alexandria.
The judge listened quietly as the young woman poured out her frustrations -- then discussing with her the possibility of seeking aid from Family Service before going to a lawyer.
To outsiders, the Blacks seem to be an ordinary, happy family, and they are -- but with a difference.
"I'm hopeful that from more traditional exchanges we can perhaps find greater common ground".
That objective set the high stakes and drama of the Vienna meeting.
The episode tended to confirm the U. S. belief that propaganda, the hope of one-sided concessions, and the chance to split the Allies, rather than genuine negotiation, were the Soviet leader's real aims in summitry.
At the same time the President took pains not to rule out an eventual meeting with the Soviet leader.
There were intense discussions in the inner councils of the White House about the advisability of an early meeting, not because the international climate was improving, but precisely because it was deteriorating alarmingly.
Developments in Cuba and Laos also suggested the advisability of an early summit meeting.
He has indicated that he plans new moves on Berlin before the year is out.
The outlook
This time the initiative came, in part at least, from Washington.
The question was raised, for example, as to what attitude the President would take if Mr. Khrushchev proposes a broad neutral belt extending from Southeast Asia to the Middle East.
But the simple truth is that higher education has never really been an official American Catholic project;
It is something more than the arithmetical sum of individual totals of piety and detachment.
This is not an isolated example;
And while no one expects total democracy on the academic scene, the scholar will be particularly sensitive to a line between first and second class citizenship drawn on any basis other than that of academic rank or professional achievement.
Expressions of even low-key dissatisfaction by a Catholic college faculty member has the effect of confirming the already existing stereotype.
Broadly speaking the total Catholic atmosphere is such an intangible but the larger demand is for a sense of creative participation and mature responsibility in the total work of the university.
Competent teachers are well versed in the technique of leading students to pre-set conclusions without destroying the students'illusion that they are making their own decisions.
In addition, disclosures that missile workers were earning sums far in excess of what is paid for equivalent work elsewhere provoked his indignation on behalf of the American taxpayer who was footing the bill.
The anti-trust laws inform a business that it must compete, but along completely undefined lines;
Uncle Sam would then accuse them of creating a monopoly by "unfair competition".
He wrote: "(P. 211) the anti-trust laws were the answer of a society which unconsciously felt the need of great organizations, and at the same time had to deny them a place in the moral and logical ideology of the social structure.
A secret conspiracy of manufacturers is hardly such a vehicle.
The problem must be faced squarely.
"Without any officious and improper interference on the subject, the price of labor or the wages of mechanics will be regulated by the demand for the manufactured article and the value of that which is paid for it;
It was most effective against trade unions.
) The court first ruled that the strike constituted only an indirect interference with commerce.
President Eisenhower held an 8:30 a.m. meeting with top military and foreign-policy advisers, decided to break off diplomatic relations immediately.
On the U.S.'s island base of Okinawa, Task Force 116, made up of Army, Navy, Marine and Air Force units, got braced to move southward on signal.
"The important thing from now on", he said, "is not to mourn the past but to seize the future opportunity to prevent the loss in northern Viet Nam from leading to the extension of Communism throughout Southeast Asia".
They had the unspoken support of President-elect Kennedy, whose own legislative program was menaced by the Rules Committee bottleneck.
Equal treatment.
News of Rayburn's commitment soon leaked out.
(One big question: If Colmer was to be purged, what should the House do about the other three senior Mississippians who supported the maverick electors?
A wide-ranging, bipartisan force -- from Minnesota's Democratic Hubert Humphrey to Massachusetts'Republican Leverett Saltonstall -- was drawn up against a solid phalanx of Southern Democrats, who have traditionally used the filibuster to stop civil rights bills.
last act
And that is just what happened on the last few holes.
Now all he had to do was finish in even par to collect the trophy and the biggest single paycheck in golf.
End at seven
As if to confirm his stature, he quickly won three of the first eight tournaments.
Instant rivalry
or even old Byron Nelson, whose excellent 71 made one wonder if he had solved the geriatric aspects of golf.
The roar of Palmer's gallery as he sank a thrilling putt would roll out across the parklike landscape of Augusta, only to be answered moments later by the roar of Player's gallery for a similar triumph.
As the third round of the tournament began on Saturday and the duel was resumed in earnest, it was Player's superior aggressiveness that carried him into the lead.
"I was hitting the ball well", Player said later, "and I felt strong.
Starting the second nine, Palmer was already four strokes behind Player and knew it.
Pitchers grumble about lively balls and lively bats, the shrinking strike zone, and the fact that the knock-down pitch is now illegal.
But now, for the first time since Lou Gehrig (with 47 home runs) spurred Ruth on in 1927, two men playing for the same team have zeroed in on 60.
)
Mantle, Maris, and Bob Cerv, a utility outfielder, share an apartment in Jamaica, Long Island, not far from New York International Airport.
Both have blue eyes and short blond hair.
A reporter asked Maris recently.
I came back, sitting by my locker, feeling real low, and the kid walks over to me, looks up, and says:'You stunk'".
(Farrell did -- and Maris led the team to victory in the Little World Series.
"Are you kidding"?
Neither Mantle nor Maris is totally devoted to baseball above all else.
Mantle is considerably better hitting for average (
With this ultimate weapon, the two Yankees may have saved baseball from its dullest season.
I could talk to you for three hours and still not be able to give you all of our plans"!
the officer with the yellow socks or the bay window.
As the world's top sportsman -- pro or amateur -- Sports Illustrated tapped golf's confident Arnold Palmer (Time cover, May 2), who staged two cliffhanging rallies to win both the Masters and U.S. Open crowns, went on to win a record $80,738 for the year.
Chaplin, 71, who met K. when the Soviet boss visited England in 1956, confided that he hopes to visit Russia some time this summer because "I have marveled at your grandiose experiment and I believe in your future".
He was able to smell a bargain -- and a masterpiece -- a continent away, and the Museum of Modern Art's Alfred Barr said of him: "I have never mentioned a new artist that Thompson didn't know about".
Last year Beyeler arranged to sell $1,500,000 worth of Klees to the state of North Rhine-Westphalia, which will house them in a museum that is yet to be built.
Their entry will crack the total segregation of all public education, from kindergarten through graduate school, in Georgia -- and in Alabama, Mississippi and South Carolina as well.
Holmes was asked if he had ever visited a house of prostitution, or a "beatnik parlor or teahouse".
When the University of Chicago's Chancellor Lawrence A. Kimpton submitted his resignation last March, a mighty talent hunt gripped the Midway.
But he has shown a sixth-sense ability to spot, recruit and excite able researchers, and has developed unexpected talents in fund raising and speech-making.
they were determined by the points at which Leopold's explorers and gunmen got tired of walking.
One definition of paternalism is "The principle or practice, on the part of a government, of managing the affairs of a country in the manner of a father dealing with his children".
their program of mass medical care was doubtless the best on the continent;
But they did not believe in widespread secondary education, much less in college.
).
And fourth, there were moderates who were in no hurry for independence and wished to wait until the Congo grew up.
Presently the well-armed members of the Force Publique -- many of them drawn from savage and even cannibalistic tribes, erupted in mutiny, rioting, raping and looting.
Secretary-General Hammarskjold decided that it would be preferable if the U.N. troops sent into the Congo were to come from African, or at least nonwhite, nations -- certainly not from the U.S., Russia, Great Britain or France.
But by the end of the three-month period, in October 1960, something approaching calm settled on the Congo.
In February the murder of Patrice Lumumba, who had been kidnaped into Katanga and executed on order of Tshombe, again stirred the U.N. to action.
Ideally, the President would like the French to agree on a "status quo ante" on Bizerte, and accept a new timetable for withdrawing their forces from the Mediterranean base.
Chen was equally adamant in his opposition to the admission of Outer Mongolia;
Thirty-one minutes later, when it took off for El Paso, hardly anyone of the crew of six or the 65 other passengers paid any attention to the man and teen-age boy who had come aboard.
But last week's pirates, like the Cuban-American who recently hijacked an Eastern Airlines Electra (Newsweek, Aug. 7), wanted to go to Havana.
What the man wanted was four persons to volunteer as hostages, along with the crew.
Actually, the officers on the ground had no intention of letting the hijackers get away with any kind of an airplane;
Take off or see the hostages killed.
So did hostages Casey, Cleveland, and Mullen.
Taking precedence over all other legislation on Capitol Hill last week was the military strength of the nation.
Debate on the all-important foreign-aid bill, with its controversial long-range proposals, had just begun on the Senate floor at the weekend.
Holders of toll-road bonds are finding improvements in monthly reports on operation of the turnpikes.
On balance, prices of those bonds have slipped a bit since then.
For investors whose income is taxed at high rates, though, a tax-free yield of 4 per cent is high.
Traffic on that road slumped sharply in January and February, as compared with those same months in 1960.
Some turnpikes have not been in full operation long enough to prove what they can do.
Higher tolls are planned for July 1, 1961, on the Richmond-Petersburg, Va., Turnpike, and proposals for increased tolls on the Texas Turnpike are under study.
If nothing is done, the prospect is that that road will be in default of interest in 1962.
"Follow Secretary Hodges through the Fiat plant, and you learn this:
Within a year, without reducing wages, Underwood's production costs were cut one third, prices were slashed.
Important aspects of the Kennedy textile plans are these:
None of these countries is happy with these arrangements.
In veiled terms, that's what the Kennedy Administration is saying to the American textile industry.
Steel Company of Wales, a British steelmaker, wants to bring in Virginia coal, cut down on its takings of Welsh coal in order to be able to compete more effectively -- especially in foreign markets.
There wouldn't be much demand for it, I'm afraid".
Because it is so large a state, with marked contrasts in population density, the organization of the New York co-operative offers a cross-section of how the plan works.
Within a system, however, the autonomy of each member library is preserved.
The Nassau system recognizes that its major task it to broaden reference service, what with the constant expansion of education and knowledge, and the pressure of population growth in a metropolitan area.
Each subject center library was chosen because of its demonstrated strength in a particular area, which headquarters could then build upon.
The system passes on these savings to its members.
Sample copies of new books are on display at headquarters, where librarians may evaluate them by themselves or in workshop groups.
Library use is multiplying daily, and the bulk of the newcomers are those maligned Americans, the teen-agers.
We must not permit our society to become a slave to the scientific age, as might well happen without the cultural and spiritual restraint that comes from the development of the human mind through wisdom absorbed from the written word.
This is one of the main reasons for National Library Week, April 16-22, and for its theme: "For a richer, fuller life, read"!
Certainly all can applaud passage of an auto title law, the school bills, the increase in teacher pensions, the ban on drag racing, acceptance by the state of responsibility for maintenance of state roads in municipalities at the same rate as outside city limits, repeal of the college age limit law and the road maintenance bond issue.
These women whose organization grew out of the old suffrage movement are dedicated to Thomas Jefferson's dictum that one must cherish the people's spirit but "Keep alive their attention".
The undertaking has abundant promise.
This left the Soviets plenty of leeway to start low-grade brushfire aggressions with considerable impunity.
Chin up, Soapy.
The work week of attendants who are on duty 65 hours and more per week should be reduced.
The boost is helpful but inadequate.
Unquestionably Trujillo did some good things for his country: he improved public facilities such as roads and sanitation, attracted industry and investment and raised the standard of living notably.
But after the censure he and his propaganda started mouthing Communist slogans.
In presenting plans for such express buses before the Montgomery County Council, the administrator of the NCTA, C. Darwin Stolzenbach, was frankly seeking support for the projects his agency will soon be launching.
After the Berlin blockade and airlift, the Council of Foreign Ministers in 1949 declared a purpose "to mitigate the effects of the present administrative division of Germany and of Berlin".
Another remained when an American Army car was recovered but with a broken glass.
Wooded stream valleys in the folds of earth would be saved.
Even the Distilled Spirits Institute has long had a specific prohibition.
While all citizens share in blame for lax municipal ethics the Wagner regime has seen serious problems in the schools, law enforcement and fiscal policies.
But his reelection would strengthen the liberal Democrats and the labor unions who back him.
He must show at the outset that he means exactly what he says.
But if anything can bring home to Mr. Khrushchev the idea that he will not really get much enjoyment from watching this Braddock-against-the-Indians contest, it will probably be the fact that SEATO forces are ready to attempt it -- plus the fact that Moscow has something to lose from closing off disarmament and other bigger negotiations with Washington.
The Senate's overwhelming (64-13) vote to support locally controlled educational TV efforts should be emulated in the lower house.
Goodby, Mr. Sam
Sam Rayburn took unnumbered secrets with him to the grave, for he was never loquacious, and his word, once given, was not subject to retraction.
He expected Democrats to do their duty when it had been patiently pointed out to them.
Woodrow Wilson, with whom he began his years in Washington, Warren G. Harding, Calvin Coolidge, FDR, with whom he managed a social revolution.
Thirteen Italian airmen who went to the Congo to serve the cause of peace under the United Nations banner have instead met violent death at the hands of Congolese troops supposedly their friends.
The main question raised by the incident is how much longer will UN bury its head in the sand on the Congo problem instead of facing the bitter fact that it has no solution in present terms?
But if any realism and feeling for truth remain in the General Assembly, it is time for men of courage to measure the magnitude of the failure and urge some new approach.
The solution reached in the agreement was more acceptable to the railroad than that originally included in a series of union demands.
The only response we can think of is the humble one that at least we aren't playing the marimba with our shoes in the United Nations, but perhaps the heavy domes in the house of delegates can improve on this feeble effort.
.
Mr. Hammarskjold was in Africa on a mission of peace.
His policies had resolved the conflicts that threatened to ignite the cold war and workable solutions were beginning to take shape.
Even when public bodies arrived at a consensus, at least one dissenting vote has been usual.
Unanimity on Interama is not surprising.
Some accounts are quite lengthy but Florida's is the shortest of all, requiring only four paragraphs.
Chancellor Adenauer's Christian Democratic Party slipped only a little in the voting but it was enough to lose the absolute Bundestag majority it has enjoyed since 1957.
If the party of Adenauer and Erhart, with 45 per cent of the vote, approaches the party of Willy Brandt, which won 36 per cent, the result would be a stiffening of the old resolve.
But it can be dangerous if the joiner doesn't want to make a spectacle of himself.
4.
The latter is what concerns us all.
We had assumed that at least this local legislative body had nothing to hide, and, therefore, had no objections to making the deliberations of its committees and the city commissions available to the public.
Without public scrutiny the deliberations of public agencies would no doubt be conducted more speedily.
But there was no complaint from the Dominican crowds which lined Ciudad Trujillo's waterfront shouting, "Vive Yankees"!
That breach was healed 20 years later by merger of the American Federation of Labor and the Congress of Industrial Organizations.
But the secretary insists that the success of the American farmer is the "greatest single source of strength" in the struggle to insure freedom around the world.
Perhaps, as Mr. Freeman says, American agriculture may stop the Communists, but it is also swindling the American taxpayer.
The Jackson report will provide some of the political support Mr. Rusk will need if he is to get rid of department personnel engaged, as Sen. Jackson puts it, "in work that does not really need doing".
He is basing his guess on new government statistics that show business has broadened its stride -- a new record high in personal income, an increase in housing starts, a spurt in retail sales and a gain in orders for durable goods.
Prince Sihanouk's powers of prognostication some day may be confirmed but history is not likely to praise the courage of his convictions.
In Newark, for example, this gain was put at 26 per cent above the year-earlier level.
Against the dramatic fight being waged for preservation of 30 miles of Cape Cod shoreline, the tiny tract at Stone Harbor may seem unimportant.
much of the glamor President Kennedy's Peace Corps may have held for some prospective applicants has been removed by Sargent Shriver, the head corpsman.
Not all St. Louis industries, of course, have a market area confined to the immediate neighborhood.
In Southern Illinois, the new federal program of help to economically depressed areas ought to provide some stimulus to growth.
Metropolitan St. Louis's relatively slow rate of growth ought to be a priority concern of the political, business, civic and other leaders on both sides of the Mississippi.
After all, it goes back to the days in which sedition was not un-American, the days in which the Sons of St. Tammany conspired to overthrow the government by force and violence -- the British government, that is.
Moreover, Col. Faget's information on Cuba was too outdated to be useful in "screening" Castro agents;
Mr. Eisenhower, politician
This statement recalls the 1959 Berlin crisis, when President Eisenhower first told reporters that Berlin could not be defended with conventional weapons and then added that a nuclear defense was out of the picture too.
But the Cunard line, influenced by unpleasant economic facts and not sentiment, has decided to keep the Queen Mary in service until next Spring at least.
Mission to Viet Nam
It is a war to stay out of today, especially in view of the fact that President Ngo Dinh Diem apparently does not want United States troops.
The integrity of the office not merely requires that the Secretary General shall be, as the Charter puts it, "the chief administrative officer of the Organization", but that neither he nor his staff shall seek or receive instructions from any government or any other authority "external to the Organization".
The Secretary General must have, subject to the constitutional direction of the Security Council and the General Assembly, the power to act, to propose action and to organize action without being hobbled by advisers and assistants acting on someone else's instructions.
The board is diminished in both respects, while it retains control over zoning, franchises, pier leases, sale, leasing and assignment of property, and other trusteeship functions.
Some fiscal changes are important.
The I. A. P. A. is a reflection of the problems and hopes of the hemisphere;
Meeting in Moscow
Dr. James B. Conant has earned a nationwide reputation as a moderate and unemotional school reformer.
That theme cuts through hypocrisies, complacency and double-talk.
A fascinating letter has just reached this desk from a correspondent who likes to receive so-called junk mail.
It couldn't close, she said.
O. N. Moss, 61, tall, grey as a possum, canning plant chief since 1946, didn't know what to say.
It helps those people who help themselves.
"Don't ask me if I think the cannery helps", he said.
"We tried to settle this dispute", he said, "but could never come to an agreement.
Matthew 6: 14-15.
Once Peter asked, "How oft shall my brother sin against me, and I forgive him?
But when some of the squeals had subsided and she had been through one of those sessions that are so indispensable to the young female -- six girls sprawled on one bed, drinking Cokes and giggling -- she came back to the kitchen to talk with me a minute.
In the fevered, intoxicating, breathless state of being in love the usual signposts that guide you to lasting and satisfying relationships are sometimes obscured.
Can you visualize being stranded with him on a desert island for years and years and still find him fascinating?
It was the cry of not just one heart;
But oh, how I do sometimes need just a moment of rest, and peace, in myself".
And a minister of all men is most conscious that he is mere man -- prone to the stresses that earthly humanity is heir to.
The little cottage was bursting with people of all ages.
Here, in the cool, autumn-touched evening, Mr. Podger mentally retraced a day that had left him greatly contented and at peace.
And there, on the way, had been the box turtle, that slow, self-contained, world-ignoring relic of pre-history, bent, for reasons best known to itself, on crossing the road.
What was he doing?
You know what?
Mr. Podger was just adding this to his pictures of the day when the screen door opened and Pam burst out.
I just came out here to know it".
In each case there was an initial act of violence.
Another attempt will be made this year in New Orleans to resume the program.
It is also symptomatic of a change in attitude which appears to be spreading all across the South.
This co-operation has emboldened other Southern whites to add their voices to demands for peaceable accommodation.
The really remarkable thing to me is that most California natives unhesitatingly elect to slow down and permit the invading car free access.
During one recent day of driving about Los Angeles there were actually a dozen occasions when oncoming drivers stopped an entire lane of traffic to permit me to pull out of an impossible side street.
Two spots open
.
They don't expect to stop him, just slow him down some with the bat.
And the pitching will also have trouble doing better.
Hank Foiles, backed up by Frank House who will be within calling distance in the minors, make up better second line catching than the Birds had all last year, but Gus is still that big man you need when you start talking pennant.
So, if the Orioles are to improve, Brandt, Triandos and Walker will have to do it.
A mother can help a child adapt to his difficulties.
He wants me to do everything for him.
As a rule, the autistic child doesn't enjoy physical contact with others.
Fortunately, there is a nursery school which he has been able to attend, with a group of normal children.
-- A first grader colors pictures one solid color, everything -- sky, grass, boy, wagon, etc.
You sometimes give them a little demonstration, a little guidance, and suggestions about staying inside the lines.
Among some recent imports were seat covers for one series of dining room chairs on which were depicted salad plates overflowing with tomatoes and greens and another set on which a pineapple was worked in naturalistic color.
Their meeting at San Francisco is nominally scheduled as a conference of the California Democratic Council directorate.
At the head of the CDC is an unorthodox, 39-year-old amateur politico, Thomas B. Carvey Jr., whose normal profession is helping develop Hughes Aircraft's moon missiles.
Like most Democratic spokesmen, Carvey predicts 1962 will be a tremendously "partisan year".
(Significantly, bitter echoes of the 1960 power struggle that saw Mosk moving into the national committee post over Ziffren are still audible in party circles.
For some compulsive reason which would have fascinated Dr. Freud, Communists of all shapes and sizes almost invariably impute to others the very motives which they harbor themselves.
"President Kennedy's enlargement of the American military program was welcomed on Wall Street as a stimulus to the American munitions industry.
In fact, the world heard nothing but sabre-rattling, the same exercises which proved futile for the predecessors of the current President.
The present attempts of the politicians to contaminate ordinary Britons shows that this British common sense is unwilling to pull somebody else's chestnuts out of the fire by new military adventures".
Now, to translate from the Communese, this means:
Aug. 4, 1821, nearly a century after Benjamin Franklin founded the Pennsylvania Gazette -- a century during which it had undergone several changes in ownership and a few brief suspensions in publication -- this paper made its first appearance as the Saturday Evening Post.
All this remembering took place the other night when I had supper with the Ziegfeld Girls at the Beverly Hills Club.
Some day we might see a Federation of Prison and Jail Inmates, with a leader busily trying to organize reformatory occupants, defendants out on bail, convicts opposed to probation officers, etc.
5.
Nevertheless, it will seem funny to have to send for a mechanic to improve conversation.
Washington
Sen. Case Aj, has received a nice "thank you" note from a youngster he appointed to the Air Force Academy in Colorado.
Two days later Mr. Rayburn left Washington for the last time.
Bible reading, even more so than good classical music, grows in depth and meaning upon repetition.
Clearer meaning
he saw the Spirit of God descending like a dove to alight upon him";
In the second and third chapters of Revelation the new version retains, however, the old phrase "angel of the church" which Biblical scholars have previously interpreted as meaning bishop.
The New Testament offered to the public today is the first result of the work of a joint committee made up of representatives of the Church of England, Church of Scotland, Methodist Church, Congregational Union, Baptist Union, Presbyterian Church of England, Churches in Wales, Churches in Ireland, Society of Friends, British and Foreign Bible Society and National Society of Scotland.
Stacked heels are also popular on dressy or tailored shoes.
Orange and lemon are considered important as are such pastels as blue and lilac.
An electric toothbrush (Broxodent) may soon take its place next to the electric razor in the American bathroom.
The bristles are soft enough to massage the gums and not scratch the enamel.
Reply:
writes: What makes my hands numb when sewing?
Reply:
And he will avoid eye-strain in the process.
The respective vocabularies "essential for travel" are available in separate albums.
Howard Mitchell and the National Symphony perform in the first two releases, designed for grades one and two.
His answer was simple but honest.
This breaks his heart.
The fewer nos she has to utter the more effective they will be.
Actions speak louder.
More often than not, as the Old Grad wanders along the old paths, his memory of happy days when he strolled one of the paths with a coed beside him becomes an ache and a pain.
Bitterness comes over him and the taste of time is like unripe persimmons in his mouth.
the athlete of by-gone years who wears a size 46 suit and puffs when he has finished a sentence of any length then, it is time to break it up and move on.
the smell and feel of hot, wet woolen sleeves across his face.
Since the obvious is not always true, the Republican National Committee wisely analyzed its defeat of last autumn and finds that it occurred, as suspected, in the larger cities.
30 per cent of the "Irish" vote, and 18 per cent of the "Negro" vote.
If the Republicans and Southern Democrats join to defeat medical care for the old under the Social Security program, they will thereby erect still another barrier to GOP hopes in the cities.
The most articulate Republicans are those who, in their desire to get back at Mr. Kennedy, already have created the image of a Republican leadership which is reluctant to assist the distressed and the unemployed, and which is even more unwilling to help old people who need medical care.
The situation already was bad because the Legislature moved the governor's race forward a few months, causing the campaigning to get started earlier than usual.
There are other dangers:
But further thought brings the shuddery visions of a governor's race being run in the next Legislature, the spectre of big spending programs, the ooze of mudslinging before the campaign should even begin.
Slogan of the John Birch Society: "Paddle your own canoe.
What we are attempting to do is achieve and maintain a balance between medium density and low density residential areas and industrial and commercial development.
It is not in business for the purpose of absorbing increased municipal costs no matter how high a purpose that may be".
2.
7.
every man is a piece of the continent, a part of the main".
A few weeks ago, I read in the Bulletin that there were to be given Chinese classes in Cranston.
At the height of the first snowstorm we had, it was impossible for me to get medical attention needed during an emergency.
It can manifest itself before discharge from service, or it can come out years later.
He has no experience with this veteran's previous medical record.
The American Medical Association is once again grinding out its tear-soaked propaganda based upon the high cost of the Veterans Administration medical program to the American taxpayer.
But no President ever before referred to his as a "lousy job" (as Walter Trohan recently quoted President Kennedy as doing in conversation with Sen. Barry Goldwater).
This sum spent for foreign economic aid, the peace corps, food for peace, or any other program to solve the problems of the underdeveloped countries would be an investment that would pay off in world peace, increased world trade, and prosperity for every country on the globe.
High school students have more sense of the way to dress than college students.
-- In Today's "Voice", the CTA is urged to reduce fares for senior citizens.
My husband's hours away from home for the past years have been from 7 a.m. to 7 p.m. the early part of the week, and as late as 8 or 9 on week-ends.
But if we closed the store for a vacation, we would lose our customers to the chain stores in the next block.
The resolution further asked that polling place proprietors affix an attachment to their premises for the display of the flag.
Minneapolis, Aug. 7
The Dupont case
In this letter, Mr. Kennedy made it clear that he limited his comment only to one consideration -- what effect the legislative proposals might have on future anti-trust judgments.
Should she disagree, she explains why in detail.
Providence, Aug. 5
Being ethical and professional people interested in community health and well-being, we felt this wasn't a function of our position.
Does this man live in a neighborhood where all are free loaders unwilling to help themselves, but ready to demand that "the community" help and protect them?
It is the only method left for a man to escape from a woman's world.
County college costs
The approval of only three members of the board of school estimate is required to certify the amount of money to be allotted to the college.
"Natural causes"
It shows what a beautiful city Newark will become and certainly make every Newarker proud of this city.
Twenty feet below the street level in the excavation of the new motel to be constructed on this site, a black coal-like deposit has been encountered.
While I respect his sincere concern for peace, he made four points that I would like to question.
Would the man with an empty life boat row away from a shipwreck because his boat could not pick up everyone?
Pets in apartments
Perhaps the idea of sidewalk cafes could be extended.
Dissenting views of senators
It is quite evident that the people of Western Europe are overwhelmingly opposed to participation in a nuclear war.
Berlin is merely being used by Moscow as a stalking horse.
to the editor of the New York Times:
A Member of the United Nations which is in arrears in the payment of its financial contributions to the Organization shall have no vote in the General Assembly if the amount of its arrears equals or exceeds the amount of the contributions due from it for the preceding two full years".
If the case is thus determined by us to be domestic, the court has no jurisdiction.
To the tens of thousands who must transfer to ride to Seventy-fourth Street and change for the IND, this takes a daily toll of time and temper.
I have been absolutely shocked at the ineptness of the young ladies who are servicing person-to-person calls, special long-distance calls, etc.
Hazel Park donates its recreation center, five days a week, to the school.
Jobs for Cavanagh
After all, they are paid by the public, they should be examples.
Why has this form of gentility gone out of American life?
We have now a quiet city, fewer automobiles, less congestion, and fewer retail customers shopping in center city.
Although today's trucks are as fast as passenger cars, a truck driver has to be a sensible person and guard against hogging the road.
I am referring to this country conducting atmosphere tests of nuclear bombs just because Russia is.
out of the race
How many times must we get burned before we learn?
to the editor of the Inquirer:
Just a brief note of appreciation to Vice President Johnson and Pakistani camel driver Bashir Ahmad for providing a first-class example of "people to people" good will.
They start on the East side of the Schuylkill, have to cross over to the West to use the expressway and cross over again to the East at their destination.
One additional lane would then be directional with the traffic burden and effectively increase the traffic carrying capability of the East River Drive by fifty percent.
Washington Square seems not part of a free land.
The trees are their homes;
What's your motive?
They are working on the wrong part of our anatomy.
The area most prominently commented on during the McClellan hearings had to do with "sweetheart contracts".
Some time ago, however, Mr. Khrushchev decided that when bigger bombs were made, the Soviet Union would make them.
Morrison points out that since our country is more urbanized than the Soviet Union or Red China, it is the most vulnerable of the great powers -- Europe of course must be written off out of hand.
Not terror, but anger and resentment have been the general reaction outside the Soviet sphere.
Nearly 18 per cent of West Berlin's 2,200,000 residents are sixty-five or older, only 12.8 per cent are under fifteen.
The handwriting is on the wall.
A British writer, Richard Haestier, in a book, Dead Men Tell Tales, recalls that in the turmoil preceding the French Revolution the body of Henry 4, who had died nearly 180 years earlier, was torn to pieces by a mob.
Who, then, is of sufficient stature to lodge with Lenin?
Mongi Slim of Tunisia and Frederick Boland of Ireland were early favorites in the running, but France didn't like the former and the Soviet Union would have none of the latter.
In a sense, the showdown promised by Mr. Hammarskjold's sudden and tragic death has been avoided;
Friends, a picture magazine distributed by Chevrolet dealers, describes a paramilitary organization of employees of the Gulf Telephone Company at Foley, Alabama.
The official military establishment can only threaten to use its nuclear arms;
If the railroads, for example, regularly slaughtered 25,000 passengers each year, the high priests of the cult would have cause to tremble for their personal safety, for such a holocaust would excite demands for the hanging of every railroad president in the United States.
The band should play the Rogues'March as a processional, switching to "Hail Columbia, Happy Land"!
In any event, the yearly sacrifice of 40,000 victims is a hecatomb too large to be justified by the most ardent faith.
for a dose of radiation is not like a flu virus which causes temporary discomfort and then dies.
The scientists, in and out of government, do not agree on some of the most vital points, at least publicly.
Most of these would be in the Northern Hemisphere, where the fallout is concentrating.
So the Commission's announcements of the new Soviet shots have been confined to one or two bleak sentences, with the fission yield usually left vague.
Some government scientists say privately that the figure probably is closer to 80 megatons, and that the full 50-megaton bomb that Khrushchev mentioned may still be detonated.
It could have continued testing to the full on the grounds that the radiation danger was far less than the danger of Communist world domination.
We take the position, however, that the third choice still remains the only sane one open to us.
What was missing in the Governor's argument, as in so many similar arguments, was a premise which would enable one to make the ethical leap from what might be militarily desirable to what is right.
Too often in the past Russian tactics have been used to justify like tactics on our part.
First of all, it is now known that Pope John sees the renewal and purification of the Church as an absolutely necessary step toward Christian unity.
Noting all the difficulties that stand in the way of reunion, he has said that they ought not to discourage anyone.
The rest of the deficit is also easily understood.
introduction of the "dialogue" principle proved strikingly effective at the thirty-fourth annual meeting of the Catholic Association for International Peace in Washington the last weekend in October.
Another question that arose was the nature of the dialogue itself.
But I questioned, also, professional soldiers, who would not easily be hypnotized by a septuagenarian's dreamy irredentism.
I answered the routine question about my itinerary, rather coolly.
Relative military manpower?
Even so, it adds up to impossible odds, except that the question arises, On whose side would the Mainland Chinese army fight?
Their privations are almost beyond endurance.
The first was the commune program, which will ensure agricultural poverty for years.
China never tried to integrate Tibet by extirpating the people's religion and institutions.
Secondly, they depend on America's "moral cooperation" when the crucial moment arrives.
The moment of truth is the moment of crisis.
But I am here concerned more with policy than with men.
It reappears, in whole or part, whenever a new crisis exposes the reality: in Cuba last spring (with which the Dominican events of last month should be paired);
No matter that Gizenga is Moscow's man in the Congo.
As our planes land the war materiel that kills pro-Western Katangans, we stand supinely bleating while Nehru's troops smash into a five-hundred-year-old district of our NATO ally, Portugal.
Broadway
Advise And Consent, lively but shallow theater drawn from the mountainously detailed bestseller;
Dry of life.
Off-Broadway, where production is still comparatively cheap, is proving itself only slightly more original.
The belly boites, with their papier-mache palm trees or hand-painted Ionic columns, heretofore existed mainly on the patronage of Greek and Turkish families.
But a great many of what Variety calls the "Cooch Terpers" are considerably less cosmic than that.
The melting pot.
Serene (Mrs. Wilson), 23, was born in Budapest and raised in Manhattan.
A short, tormented span
But he painted some of the boldest and most original pictures of his time, and even after nearly half a century, the tense, tormented world he put on canvas has lost none of its fascination.
He himself was once convicted of painting erotica and jailed for 24 days -- the first three of which he spent desperately trying to make paintings on the wall with his own spittle.
The publication last July of the party's Draft Program -- that blueprint for the "transition to communism" -- had led the uninitiated to suppose that this Twenty-second Congress would be a sort of apotheosis of the Khrushchev regime, a solemn consecration of ideas which had, in fact, been current over the last three or four years (i.e., since the defeat of the "anti-party group") in all theoretical party journals.
and it is still very far from certain how valid the party's claim is that in "a growing number of kolkhozes" the peasants are finding it more profitable, to surrender their private plots to the kolkhoz and to let the latter be turned into something increasingly like a state farm.
And, as we know, the Virgin Lands are not producing as much as Khrushchev had hoped.
One cannot help wondering whether Molotov and the rest of the "anti-party group" are not being used as China's whipping-boys by Khrushchev and his faithful followers.
he knows that he was never more popular than at the time of the Russo-American "honeymoon" of 1959.
The Chinese, North Vietnamese and North Koreans, on the other hand, feel that, militarily, Russia is strong enough to support them in the "just wars of liberation" they would like to embark on before long: with China attacking Formosa and the North Koreans and North Vietnamese liberating the southern half of their respective countries.
But to the Minutemen, this is a serious business.
Here the two leaders, DePugh and Lauchli, hastened to put the group through its paces.
It has to do with teachers'salaries and tenure.
It follows that teachers as a group cannot expect any marked salary increases;
A brief for the negative
Since the goal of our international planners is a World Government, this Atlantic Community would mark a giant step in that direction for, once American economic autonomy is absorbed, a larger grouping is a question of time.
If we go into this Common Market, we might just as well stop talking about Constitutional guarantees, Connally Amendments or, for that matter, conservatism in general.
For, after leaving the Army in 1956, I spent five years in Graduate School first at Boston College and then at the University of Toronto.
Mercenary: term of honor?
The impending death of Pope
-- Indonesia Military Supreme Court has confirmed the death sentence passed on Alan Lawrence Pope, an American pilot.
An analogy
"He opened his mouth, said little, and thought not at all".
Confrontation
my only hope is that it will be shared by many, many others.
The important people to humanity are not the Khrushchevs and the Castros but the Schweitzers and the Dooleys, and the others like them whose names we will never know.
We don't need this type of protection any more.
The Senator had boxed them in with their own restrictions.
Even then, a few of the "less interesting" questions are edited out and glibly summarized by a commentator.
He did mention in his column the fact that he had received many letters about this and he himself did not understand the networks and the independent local stations'not doing this -- but nothing happened.
The English schools preceded ours, and by the time we got into it they had learned a lot about the techniques of propaganda and its teaching.
Congratulations on the article "Do We Need A College Of Propaganda"?
Editor's note: Sir Robert Watson-Watt wrote, on page 50 of SR Research for 4 March 1961:
Nonsense".
There was about that song something incandescent, for this Brahms was Milstein at white heat.
The concert opened with another big romantic score, Schumann's Overture to "Manfred", which suffered fate, this time with orchestral thrusts to the Byronic point to keep it afloat.
Remember how by a series of booking absurdities Chicago missed seeing the Bolshoi Ballet?
Allied Arts had booked Marlene Dietrich into McCormick Place Dec. 8 and 9.
Not a chance of opening here Nov. 28 -- barring that miracle.
An exhibition of Evelyn Cibula's paintings will open with a reception Nov. 5 at the Evanston Community center, 828 Davis St.
Another is a wily countryman called Larkin, whose blandly boisterous progress has been chronicled, I believe, in earlier volumes of Mr. Bates'comedie humaine.
He conjures herds of deer, and wild birds crowding the air.
He has a glorious wife and many children.
First the Larkins are ahead, then the Jerebohms.
He treats this deep-eyed, bearded, bony crackpot with tangible affection and respect.
True, the pattern and flow of the drama have strong literary qualities that are a bit wearisome in the first half, before Don Quixote goes to the duke's court.
As a matter of fact, this latter approach has already been tried, and with pleasing results.
Furthermore, Garry Moore makes an ideal master of ceremonies.
"Chicago And All That Jazz" may have wound up satisfying neither the confirmed fan nor the inquisitive newcomer.
Miss Sutherland appeared almost as another person in this scene: A much more girlish Lucia, a sensational coloratura who ran across stage while singing, and an actress immersed in her role.
He may respect too much the Italian tradition of letting singers hold on to their notes, but to restrain them in a singers'opera may be quite difficult.
You will need a stereo music system, with speakers preferably placed at least seven or eight feet apart, and one or more of the new London "Phase 4" records.
London explains that the very distinct directional effect in the Phase 4 series is due in large part to their novel methods of microphoning and recording the music on a number of separate tape channels.
The penalty for this is noticeable in the big, bold, brilliant, but brassy piano sounds in Melody And Percussion For Two Pianos (SP-44007).
The drama itself -- and this seems to be lavishly true of Biblical drama -- often has hardly any relationship with authenticity at all.
Would we want a future-day Gibbon or Macaulay recounting the saga of America with movies as his prime source of knowledge?
Mr. D'Albert has a firm, attractive tone, which eschews an overly sweet vibrato.
And the tone she commands is always beautiful in sound.
A memory lapse in the last somewhat marred the pianist's performance.
The man whose reactions and conclusions get the most space is, of course, the Field Marshal himself.
He praises many individuals generously.
Other crucial matters required constant supervision: labor and all noncombatant troops, whose morale was vital, too;
"When in doubt as to two courses of action, a general should choose the bolder".
A bunch of young buckaroos from out West, who go by the name of Texas Boys Choir, loped into Town Hall last night and succeeded in corralling the hearts of a sizable audience.
Lines came out neatly and in good balance.
Not that it is all funny, by any means, though some of it is definitely so, but simply that the dancers are young and handsome, high-spirited and communicative, and the program itself is as vivacious as it is varied.
They can be exuberant or sentimental, flirtatious or funny, but the only thing they seem unable to be is dull.
The cast:
But the book is written around a somewhat dizzy cartoonist, and it has to be that way.
Furthermore, he's something of a scoundrel, an artist whose mind and feelings are all finger-tips.
This is an exciting young actor to watch.
One of the finest soft shoe tunes ever invented, "Once In Love With Amy" is also, of course, one of the most tantalizingly persistent of light love lyrics to come out of American musical comedy in our era.
Berman, whose fame has rested in recent years on his skills as a night club monologist, proved himself very much at home in musical comedy.
The company which performed the Pulitzer Prize musical here last night and will repeat it twice today is full of bounce, the politicians are in fine voice, the chorines evoke happy memories, and the Little Flower rides to break a lance again.
And little Zeme North, a Dora with real spirit and verve, was fascinating whether she was singing of her love for Floyd, the cop who becomes sewer commissioner and then is promoted into garbage, or just dancing to display her exuberant feelings.
")
There are some sharp and whipping lines and some hilariously funny situations -- the best of the latter being a mass impromptu plunge into a nightclub tank where a "mermaid" is performing.
Here was a man with an enormous gift for living as well as thinking.
To his Harvard colleague, Josiah Royce, whose philosophic position differed radically from his own, James could write, "Different as our minds are, yours has nourished mine, as no other social influence ever has, and in converse with you I have always felt that my life was being lived importantly".
I think that readers generally hate minute polemics and recriminations.
And new vistas of hairshirt asceticism are opened by scholarly monographs entitled: "Friends, Romans, Countrymen, Lend Me Your Ear-Muffs", "Such a Phrase as Drifts Through Dream", and "The New Vocabularianism".
A tribute to midsummer "bang-sashes" seems terribly funny, though it would be hard to explain why.
Though no longer able to turn out his protoplasmic pen-and-ink sketches (several old favorites are scattered through the present volume) Thurber has retained unimpaired his vision of humor as a thing of simple, unaffected humanness.
Anyone can draw his own conclusions from this difference.
we are stronger and more self-confident -- and Low cannot so easily put us to rights.
Low seems to have supported Eden at first and then relented because things worked out differently, so there is no fire in his eye.
Read the moderately brief text, not for captions, sometimes for tart epigrams, once in a while for an explosion in the middle of your fixed ideas.
Robert Hillyer, the poet, writes in his introduction to this brief animal fable that Mr. Burman ought to win a Nobel Prize for the Catfish Bend series.
But he rejects, perhaps a little too sweepingly, the theory that disloyal and pro-Communist influences may have contributed to the policy of appeasing Stalin which persisted until after the end of the war and reached its high point at the Yalta Conference in February, 1945.
The hope was vain.
This, more than any other factor, led to the fiasco of Allied intervention.
a man in whose entourage none was ever safe;
The story of a quarter of a century of Soviet-Western relations is vitally important, and it is told with the fire of a first-rate historical narrator.
Now there is no reason in the world why a matchmaker in Ireland should happen also to be a talented soft-shoe dancer and gifted improviser of movements of the limbs, torso and neck, except that these talents add immensely to the enjoyment of the play.
Then there are a pair of old biddies played by Grace Carney and Sibly Bowan who may be right off the shelf of stock Irish characters, but they put such a combination of good will and malevolence into their parts that they're quite entertaining.
There is no reason why most theatergoers should not have a pretty good time at "Donnybrook", unless they are permanently in the mood of Enright when he sings about how easily he could hate the lovable Irish.
They faced a rather small audience, as quite a few subscribers apparently had decided to forego the pleasures of the afternoon.
He did not let the strings, for instance, weep, whine or get hysterical.
and the composer himself was called the "age of steel pianist".
Snow or no, the fans were present in force at the Metropolitan Opera last night for a performance of the Ponchielli work.
Mr. Siepi was, as always, a consummate actor;
It also makes a fine introduction to the international art form with good examples of Italian and English madrigals plus several French "chansons".
Both techniques give the music purity and clarity.
Couperin and Rameau gave titles to nearly everything they wrote, not in the later sense of "program music" but as a kind of nonmusical reference for the close, clear musical forms filled with keen wit and precise utterance.
The Couperin "La Steinkerque", with its battle music, brevity, wit and refined simplicity, already shakes off Corelli and points towards the mid-century elegances that ended the baroque era.
Each might find a useful place in a varied musical program, but taken together they grew quite tiresome.
What was omitted from "A Neglected Education" were those essentials known as "the facts of life".
Arlene Saunders was charming as poor Gontran.
"Judy Garland has arrived in London.
" And her own personal songs like "The Man That Got Away", and the inevitable "Over The Rainbow".
Before her chore was finished she was rescuing wind-blown sheets of music, trundling microphones about the stage, helping to move the piano and otherwise joining in the informal atmosphere.
In Newport last night there were flashes of distant lightning in the northern skies.
A few drops of rain just before midnight, when Sarah Vaughan was in the midst of her first number, scattered the more timid members of the audience briefly, but at this hour and with Sarah on the stand, most of the listeners didn't care whether they got wet.
Julie Wilson, a vigorous vocalist without many wild twists, sang a set, a large part of which consisted of such seldom heard old oldies as "Hard-Hearted Hannah, The Vamp Of Savannah", and the delightful "Sunday".
A very casual, pleasant program -- one of those easy-going things that make Newport's afternoon programs such a relaxing delight -- was held again under sunny skies, hot sun, and a fresh breeze for an audience of at least a couple of thousands who came to Newport to hear music rather than go to the beach.
Pony Poindexter, alto sax;
The male chorus of the Robert Shaw Chorale sings Sea Shanties in fine style.
Its abstract decor is by John Hultberg.
One thing is certain, however, and that is that he is far more slavish to the detailed accents, phrasings and contours of the music he deals with than a confident dance creator need be.
Nor did the dancing involved really seize the attention at any time.
It was pleasant last night, therefore, to hear him do something else: a concerto he has recently recorded, "The Emperor".
Igor Oistrakh will be the next soloist on Feb. 4.
second chance
Turning to the current musical season on Broadway, the most widely acclaimed of the new arrivals, How To Succeed In Business Without Really Trying, has been transferred to an original cast album (R. C. A. Victor LOC 1066;
There are the full-bodied, resourceful voices of Robert Weede, Mimi Benzell and Tommy Rall to make the most of Mr. Herman's lilting melodies and, for an occasional change of pace, the bright humor of Molly Picon.
In describing the initial Allied occupation of a middle-sized German city, the picture has color, pictorial pull and genuinely moving moments.
Dutton.
There is Mijbil, an otter who travelled with Maxwell -- and gave Maxwell's name to a new species -- from the Tigris marshes to his London flat.
In the solitude of Camusfearna there had been no loneliness.
But then, through a strange coincidence, Maxwell manages to acquire Idal, a female otter, and the fascinating story starts once more.
But they are aware of the world outside, they court public approval, they delight in full houses, and they occasionally dare to experiment in interpreting a dramatic classic.
Among the Moliere specialists of some years ago, Louis Jouvet tried to humanize some of the clowns, while Fernand Ledoux, often performing at the Comedie, made them more gross than Moliere may have intended.
Tartuffe is the religious hypocrite who courts his benefactor's wife.
Here, he is, quite persuasively, the very embodiment of meanness and slyness.
Hirsch says that he has given the role certain qualities he has observed in the city toughs of the real world.
You can catch up with him -- if you haven't already -- on RCA-Victor's album.
Good Time Jazz has released a nice two-record album which he made.
That is an evening of music-making that would faze many a younger man;
The Schuman "Chester" takes off from an old William Billings tune with rousing woodwind and brass effect.
The actor plays his role glumly under the lurid direction of Don Chaffey, as do Basil Sydney as his unsympathetic father and Anton Diffring as an innocent bystander.
Only a plea from the house manager, John Collins, finally broke up the party.
Its ballerina, Olga Moiseyeva, performs simple miracles of beauty, and Ludmilla Alexeyeva, Inna Korneyeva and Gabrielle Komleva make up a threesome of exquisite accomplishments.
A year ago today, when the Democrats were fretting and frolicking in Los Angeles and John F. Kennedy was still only an able and ambitious Senator who yearned for the power and responsibility of the Presidency, Theodore H. White had already compiled masses of notes about the Presidential campaign of 1960.
His zest for specific detail, his sensitivity to emotional atmosphere, his tireless industry and his crisply turned prose all contribute to the effectiveness of his book.
but never from Mr. Nixon, who looked on reporters with suspicion and distrust.
Mr. Kennedy, Mr. White believes, "had mastered politics on so many different levels that no other American could match him".
Here are several:
In all fairness, there were flashes of the great stylist of yesteryear, flashes even of the old consummate vocalism.
Not so well known is the growth of broadcasting operations aimed wholly or partly at Negro listeners -- an audience which, in the United States, comprises some 19,000,000 people with $20,000,000,000 to spend each year.
"The forgotten 15 million" -- as Sponsor tagged the Negro market in its first survey -- has become a better-remembered 19 million.
And WWRL's colorful mobile unit, cruising predominately Negro neighborhoods, is a frequent reminder of that station's round-the-clock dedication to nonwhite interests.
Sponsor magazine notes the stress on popular Negro bands and singers;
Negro radio is vitally necessary during the process of assimilation".
The solidity of brush stroke yielded to a hatching technique that finally led to virtual abandonment of American genres in favor of single figure studies and studio nudes.
The exhibition touches briefly on his sojourn in the Southwest ("Koshare in the Dust", a vigorous Indian dance, and landscapes suggest the influence of western color on his palette).
Robert Riefling, who gave the only piano recital of the recently concluded 23rd Beethoven Festival, penetrated deep into the spirit of the style.
But he weighted the Eighth Symphony, at times, with a shuddering subjectivity which seemed considerably at odds with the music.
This theory eventually proved inexact.
Dr. Whitrow functioned as moderator.
He supports the steady-state theory which holds that matter is continually being created in space.
This would give the hydrogen atom a slight charge-excess.
These scientists are convinced that a telescope unclouded by the earth's gases will go a long way toward bolstering or destroying cosmic theories.
Seeming to have roots in the soil, they actually have none in life.
Despite a too long sustained declamatory flight, this final speech is convincing, and we see why British audiences apparently were impressed by "Roots".
The vivacity of the masquers'party at Leonato's palace, with the Spanish motif in the music and dancing in honor of the visiting Prince of Arragon, cast a spell of delight.
Beatrice (Nan Martin) and Benedick (J. D. Cannon) took their places on the stage.
One could hardly blame Newbold Morris, the Parks Commissioner, for devoting so much grateful mention to the department's technicians who at short notice provided the stage with its rising platforms, its balcony, its generous wings and even its impressive trapdoors for the use of the villains.
Instead of her old confidence in the simplest, purest, most moving musical expression, Miss Schwarzkopf is letting herself be tempted by the classic sin of artistic pride -- that subtle vanity that sometimes misleads a great artist into thinking that he or she can somehow better the music by bringing to it something extra, some personal dramatic touch imposed from the outside.
On Saturday, the orchestra was sensibly situated down on the field, the stage floor was apparently in decent condition for dancing, and the order of the program improved.
The cat-like sinuousness and agility of both dancers were exploited in leaps, lifts, crawls and slides that were almost invariably compelling in a work of strong, sometimes almost frightening, tensions.
All are well written and are overwritten.
William Sansom writes only about Europe in this book and frequently of such familiar places as London, Vienna, the French Riviera and the Norwegian fjords.
Mr. Sansom can be eloquent in a spectacular way which recalls (to those who recall easily) the statues of Bernini and the gigantic paintings of Tintoretto.
"Blue Skies, Brown Studies" is illustrated with numerous excellent photographs.
But its relentless discursiveness and determined complexity are so overwhelming that after an hour and a half a listener's stamina begins to wilt.
The first Saturday in each month is set aside for new recordings.
the lovely (and of course vigorous) "Polyanka" or "The Meadow";
in fact, a freezing autumn dulls the blaze.
New England.
Southeast.
The West.
The panels will stay up until they are replaced next summer.
Franny and Zooey.
Dark Rider.
Festivals
But slowly they take over as Alain Delon (Life, Sept. 15), playing a sometimes appealing but always criminal boy, casually tells a rich and foot-loose American that he is going to murder him, then does it even while the American is trying to puzzle out how Delon expects to profit from the act.
Waterways are busy right now from the Virginia capes to the Texas coast.
New docks and ramps are being rushed at Playa Del Rey, Ventura, Dana Point, Oceanside and Mission Bay.
Sailing activity is slowed down by Texas northers, but power cruisers can move freely, poking into the San Jacinto, Trinity and Brazos rivers (fine tarpon fishing in the Brazos) or pushing eastward to the pirate country of Barataria.
When dam construction began in 1933, fewer than 600 boats used these waters;
He proposed throwing together a man in an occupation of high hazard and a woman balanced on a knife-edge between death from tuberculosis and recovery.
Race-drivers, on the other hand, are quite often killed on the circuit, and since it was obviously Mr. Remarque's intention to establish automobile racing as life in microcosm, one might reasonably have expected him to demonstrate precise knowledge not only of techniques but of mores and attitudes.
In point of fact, the race-drivers one knows are nearly always intelligent, healthy technicians who differ from other technicians only in the depth of the passion they feel for the work by which they live.
However, my principal objection in this sort of novel is to the hackneyed treatment of race-drivers, pilots, submariners, atomic researchers, and all the machine-masters of our age as brooding mystics or hysterical fatalists.
For all practical purposes, the West stands disunited, undedicated, and unprepared for the tasks of world leadership.
However, she really does not know how to match the quantity of dollars given away by a quality of leadership that is basically needed.
Such a leader must strengthen NATO politically, and establish that true unity about which it has always talked.
Whoever rises to the occasion walks a treacherous path to leadership.
For the most part, his writing rambles and jogs, preventing easy access by the reader to his true thoughts.
That mother hen of the weight-height tables, the Metropolitan Life Insurance Co., clucks that 48 million Americans are overweight.
From the fusty panaceas of spinach, eggs and prunes, the U.S. has progressed to curds, concentrates and capsules.
Keys's findings, though far from complete, are likely to smash many an eating cliche.
Obesity: a malnutrition.
The fat man has trouble buying life insurance or has to pay higher premiums.
In rare cases, diseases such as encephalitis or a pituitary tumor may damage the appestat permanently, destroying nearly all sense of satiety.
It's a matter of boredom, and the subconscious feeling that she is entitled to something, because she's being deprived of something else".
What concerns him much more is the relationship of diet to the nation's No. 1 killer: coronary artery disease, which accounts for more than half of all heart fatalities and kills 500,000 Americans a year -- twice the toll from all varieties of cancer, five times the deaths from automobile accidents.
The proteins and fats are burned off, and the cholesterol is left behind.
Not until long after the war -- 1950, in fact -- did they get a hint of the reason.
Just what is meant by "spirit" and by "matter"?
In such a world the words "matter" and "spirit" both referred to directly known realities in the common experience of all.
The scientific debunking of the spirit world has been in a way too successful and too thorough.
There is no occasion to feel uneasy or disturbed about these people.
This is not to attempt to say what spirit is, but only to employ a commonly used word to designate or simply identify a common experience.
And his belief is not to his discredit.
For this does not account for the integral, elemental power of that which grows with abounding vigor as the play unfolds, nor does it explain the strange numinous sense of presentness which comes over those who watch the play like a spell.
So it is too with many other spirits which we all know: the spirit of Nazism or Communism, school spirit, the spirit of a street corner gang or a football team, the spirit of Rotary or the Ku Klux Klan.
It is for them a given which they and they alone possess.
But this statement is completely unconvincing.
This is not to say that the only explanation of the present infatuation with Norman Vincent Peale's "cult of reassurance" or the other types of a purely cultural Christianity is the ever-present need for a demythologized gospel.
And yet this is exactly the risk we run when we assume, as we too often do, that we can continue to preach the gospel in a form that makes it seem incredible and irrelevant to cultured men.
and though this process by no means represents an unambiguous gain and is, in fact, marked by the estrangement from the depths that seems to be the cost of human maturation, it is still a positive step forward;
Although they have also been concerned to stand squarely within the tradition of the apostolic church, they have exhibited no willingness whatever to sacrifice their modernity to their Christianity.
We may show, first, that there cannot possibly be an alternative other than the three typically represented by Bultmann, Barth, and Buri.
One hundred years ago there existed in England the Association for the Promotion of the Unity of Christendom.
Since arriving here, however, I have formed a far different religious picture of present-day England.
The article proceeded to give an inaccurate account of a Catholic plot to kill King James 1.
A Catholic priest recently recounted how in the chapel of a large city university, following Anglican evensong, at which there was a congregation of twelve, he celebrated Mass before more than a hundred.
An Anglican clergyman in Oxford sadly but frankly acknowledged to me that this is true.
"O Blessed Virgin Mary, Mother of God and our most gentle queen and mother, look down in mercy upon England, thy "dowry", and upon us all who greatly hope and trust in thee.
Moreover, for those few there was almost no ecclesiastical representation in the city to care for their religious needs.
There was so much interest shown in this present-day venture that it was continued on B.B.C., where comments were equally made by an Anglican parson, a Free Church minister and a Catholic priest.
news of a Protestant minister in Leamington who has offered to allow a Catholic priest to preach from his pulpit;
he dare not be a cosmic aeon that swoops to earth for a while but never identifies itself with man's history.
The first turn of the spiral is the primeval history of humanity in Adam.
therefore there is no need for him, as there is for Origen, to identify existence itself with the fall.
He does not mean to say that Adam lost the similitude of God and his immortality through the fall;
He was, in the words of Irenaeus, "beguiled by another under the pretext of immortality".
With this act of disobedience, and not with the inception of his individual existence, man began the downward circuit on the spiral of history, descending from the created capacity for immortality to an inescapable mortality.
Nevertheless, even at the nadir of the circuit the spiral of history belongs to God, and he still rules.
It becomes most evident in his description of Christ as the second Adam, who does indeed come to destroy sin, but whose work culminates in the achievement of immortality.
and thus he would have been carried over into the life eternal.
Furthermore, as an encouragement to revisionist thinking, it manifestly is fair to admit that any fraternity has a constitutional right to refuse to accept persons it dislikes.
the difference between Mr. Parker and the Association is a difference between no Christianity and Christianity" -- despite these supposed conclusive assurances, the modern liberal heaves repeatedly a sigh of relief, of positive thanksgiving, that the Association never quite brought itself officially to expel Parker.
Yet, even after all these stratagems, the conscience of Christian liberality is still not laid to rest, any more than is the conscience of Harvard University for having done the abject penance for its rejection of Ralph Waldo Emerson's The Divinity School Address of naming its hall of philosophy after him.
It cannot be smoothed over by now cherishing his sarcasms as delightful bits of self-deprecation or by solemnly calling for a reconsideration of the justice of the objections to him.
The gentle Channing, revered by all Bostonians, orthodox or Unitarian, wrote to a friend in Louisville that among its many virtues Boston did not abound in a tolerant spirit, that the yoke of opinion crushed individuality of judgment and action: "No city in the world is governed so little by a police, and so much by mutual inspections and what is called public sentiment.
By reminding ourselves of these factors in the situation, we should, I am sure, come to a fresh realization, however painful it be, that the battle between Parker and his neighbors was fought in earnest.
And he took repeated care to let his colleagues know that he intended them: "Even the Unitarian churches have caught the malaria, and are worse than those who deceived them" -- which implied that they were very bad indeed.
We have not the leisure, or the patience, or the skill, to comprehend what was working in the mind and heart of a then recent graduate from the Harvard Divinity School who would muster the audacity to contradict his most formidable instructor, the majesterial Andrews Norton, by saying that, while he believed Jesus "like other religious teachers", worked miracles, "I see not how a miracle proves a doctrine".
To ask me to believe that so inexpressibly marvelous a book was written long after all the events by some admiring follower, and was not inspired directly by the Spirit of God, is asking me to accept a miracle far greater than any of those recorded in the Bible.
To state fully what the Bible means as my daily spiritual food is as intimate and difficult as to formulate the reasons for loving my nearest and dearest relatives and friends.
What a joy to realize that we, too, can claim this promise tendered by the Lord during His earthly ministry to a group of men who were very dear to Him.
Perhaps you are not His child.
I am kept from all danger by night and by day,
Over $200,000,000 is paid yearly to the 80,000 full-time fortune-tellers in the United States by fearful mankind who want to "know" what the future holds!
But we must not forget man's soul.
So it is spiritually.
whom shall I fear?
Of this number, 50%, or 10 million patients have no diagnosable physical ailments whatever.
10% of them worried about their friends, neighbors, and relatives, most of whom were quite capable of taking care of themselves.
A visitor from a more peaceful country across the sea was taken to one of our amusement parks, and after he had seen it all, he said to a friend: "You must be a very sad people".
Suppose we do get our fears out in the open, what then?
That is a sound position, but it is important that Moscow shall recognize it not merely as the word of a president but as the mind of a free people who are not afraid.
No?
A middle aged woman opened a window on the third floor of her house which was behind the wall, she threw out a few belongings and then jumped;
And nobody knows what comes next.
The same God who called this world into being when He said: "Let there be light"!
Why should we not have the same faith, and an even greater experience of the light which it gives?
Shall tribulation, or distress, or persecution, or famine, or nakedness, or peril, or sword"?
Therefore will not we fear, though the earth be removed, and though the mountains be carried into the midst of the sea Come, behold the works of the Lord, what desolations He hath made in the earth.
yet some must have survived, because the old interest in number symbolism, divination, and magic persisted on into the Han dynasty, which succeeded in reuniting China and keeping it together for a longer period (from 202 B.C. to A.D. 220).
If one takes the middle number, 5, and multiplies it by 3 (the base number of the magic square of three), the result is 15, which is also the constant sum of all the rows, columns, and two main diagonals.
These twin tendencies seem to have reached their height in the Han dynasty.
Obviously, something suddenly caused them to start thinking in terms of fives, and that may have been the workings of the Lo Shu.
The Chinese world view during the Han dynasty, when the Lo Shu seems to have been at the height of its popularity, was based in large part on the teachings of the Yin-Yang and Five-Elements School, which was traditionally founded by Tsou Yen.
Thus the middle number, 5, represented Sung-Shan in Honan, Central China;
but in this respect it was merely following the accepted Chinese convention for all maps.
The pastor and the Membership Preparation and Assimilation Committee must follow through immediately with a carefully planned program.
The pastor writes a personal letter to each individual, expressing his joy over the decision, assuring him of a pastoral call at the earliest convenient time, and outlining the plan for membership preparation classes and Membership Sunday.
There may be problems of conduct or questions of belief which will require his counsel.
Others meet on Sunday night, at the mid-week service, or for a series of four nights.
.
) The fourth session may be concluded with a tour of the church facilities and refreshments.
Use dramatization -- for example, in discussing the Lord's Supper or church symbolism.
6)
11)
It provides a natural transition into the life of the local church and its organizations.
The atmosphere for this momentous experience can be created most effectively through the worship experience.
3)
8)
Yet the most difficult problem in the Church's program of evangelism is right at this point -- helping new members to become participating, growing parts of the fellowship.
This problem is illustrated by the fact that many local churches drop from the active membership rolls each year as many as they receive into the fellowship.
Those who enter the front door of the church intelligently and with Christian dedication will not so easily step through the back door because of lost interest.
-- Opportunities for study of the Christian faith and the Bible
It lies in institutions.
To propose that men be religious without having religious institutions is like proposing that they be learned without having schools.
What are the pertinent facts affecting such communication at the present juncture of history?
It is difficult to say what can be done about them except that we must learn to recognize when it is they, rather than pretexts for them, that are causing the trouble, and do everything possible to nurture the healthy personalities that will prevent the development of such deficiencies.
The truth is that any revival of traditional and indigenous religion will serve to promote that sense of identity and Volksgeist which these young nations very much need.
I was seated next to the director of the Seventh Day Adventists'world radio program.
3)
The current regime of President Mohammad Ayub Khan is determinedly secular.
2.
Of course, in prudential calculation, in balancing the good directly intended and done against the evil unintended and indirectly done, no greater precision can be forthcoming than the subject allows.
Certainly, in analyzing an action which truly faced such alternatives, "it is never possible that no world would be preferable to some worlds, and there are in truth no circumstances in which the destruction of human life presents itself as a reasonable alternative".
By contrast, a good deal of nuclear pacifism begins with the contingencies and the probabilities, and not with the moral nature of the action to be done;
for "surely anything is better than a policy which allows for the possibility of nuclear war".
"If Philip Toynbee is claiming that the choice lies between capitulation and the risk of nuclear war, I think he is right.
Toynbee seems to think that there is some other way to give justice social embodiment.
it is to stride along the steep slope downward.
it has sought new sympathy for the human aspirations of racial minority groups in this country.
This article presents our observations of that session, of the realtors as they saw themselves and as the faculty and students saw them.
Though the reference to race was stricken by the association in 1950, being an agent of such "detrimental" influences still appears as the cardinal sin realtors see themselves committed to avoid.
It seems to us that choices exercised by realtors in moral situations center in at least three areas: (1) the various ways in which they interpret a particular social issue;
Recent studies by the Commission on Race and Housing and others, however, point to a vast complex of factors that often do not warrant this conclusion.
(2) Realtors realize, of course, that they are involved in an increasingly complex legal and political system that is opening up opportunities for leverage on their relation to clients as well as opportunities for evasion of their responsibility for racial discrimination in housing.
the attitude adopted by realtors and their associations, either negative or positive, plays a large part in the public acceptance of such measures and the degree to which they may be effectively enforced.
Thus, moral issues concerning the nature of the legal and political processes take on theological dimensions.
How can we have the wisdom to meet such a new and difficult challenge?
That is enough TNT to fill the tower of the Empire State Building;
And then think how little hydrogen we have in us compared with the hydrogen in Delaware Bay or in the ocean beyond.
Now let us see where this power comes from.
and a quadrillion peas would fill all the buildings in the city of Philadelphia.
and then we have septillion.
Then this atom of calcium will swell to something like a great balloon a hundred yards across, a balloon big enough to put a football field inside.
And since you are made of atoms, you are nothing much but empty space, too.
and since the universe is also made of atoms, it is just a supermachine.
Harmony, melody, counterpoint symphonic structure are there;
With Martha's Vineyard on one side and the open sea on the other, it makes an excellent trip of about three hours.
Presumably those who did not have a formal church connexion had also felt the influence of Christianity to a greater or lesser extent.
The temptation is to say that, as the percentage of church members mounted, the degree of discipline exercised by the churches lessened and the trend was towards conformity to the general level.
Throughout the nineteenth century Christianity exerted its influence on American society as a whole primarily through the Protestantism of the older stock.
America, America, God mend thy every flaw, confirm thy soul in self control, the liberty in law.
A number were in the nature of movements to relieve or remove social ills.
Several were born in the early decades and persisted throughout the century.
Beginning at least as far back as 1789 various Baptist bodies condemned slavery.
Finney himself, while opposed to slavery, placed his chief emphasis on evangelism, but from his converts issued much of the leadership of the anti-slavery campaign.
Wendell Phillips (1811-1884), from a prominent Massachusetts family, in his teens was converted under the preaching of Lyman Beecher.
Since he possessed more power in an interdependent universe of living beings and dead spirits, the emperor had to use it for the benefit of the living.
Failure in daily moral and ethical duties to one's family, outrages to community propriety, any departure from rigid standards of moral excellence were offenses against the dead.
Living in urban conditions, away from the deadweight of village constraint and the constrictions of a thatched-roof world view, the individual may find it possible, say, to commit adultery not only without personal misgivings, but also without suffering any adverse effects in his worldly fortunes.
Mahayana had gods, and magic, a pantheon, heavens and hells, and gorgeously appareled priests, monks, and nuns, all of whom wielded power over souls in the other world.
Propriety was synonymous with ritual observance, the mark of a true gentleman.
In fact, the antipathy to outward ceremonies hailed by modern exponents as so uniquely characteristic of the "direct thinking" Zennist was a feature of Taoism.
It is important for an understanding of Zen to realize that the esoteric preoccupations of the select few cannot be the doctrine of the common man.
In support of this, stories from the early literature are cited to show that Zen attacks the idea of supernatural power.
"Early this morning", replied the other, "I set out from India".
Modern Zen presentation to the West insists on the anti-authoritarian, highly pragmatic nature of the Zen belief -- scriptures are burned to make fire, action is based on direct self-confidence, and so on.
The need of the new birth
As it is written, There is not one just man;
Ephesians 2: 1.
Of his own will he has begotten us by the word of truth.
As many as received him were born of God.
If you know that he (God) is just (righteous), know that everyone also who does what is just (righteous) has been born of him.
All that is born of God overcomes the world;
St. Jude 24.
For in Christ Jesus neither circumcision nor uncircumcision but a new creation is of any account.
The new birth is the implantation of a new life.
2 St. Peter 1: 4.
The wind blows where it will, and thou hearest its sound but dost not know where it comes from or where it goes.
St. John 12, 13.
Being convinced that salvation is alone by accepting Christ as Saviour, and being convicted by the Holy Spirit of my lost condition, I do repent of all effort to be saved by any form of good works, and just now receive Jesus as my personal Saviour and salvation as a free gift from Him.
God withheld His wrath.
It is permitted.
The choice is yours: God is in your hands, now.
Some of the people who speak through my pages are famous;
I am not doing anything, of myself.
sometimes not.
For example, early in my life, when one of my editorial workers wanted to find out how churches and philanthropic organizations met the needs of New York's down-and-outers, he didn't just ask questions.
What do you want -- a hundred thousand subscribers?
Thousands of free copies are sent each month to chaplains in the Armed Forces, to prison libraries and to hospitals everywhere.
Twice a month the editorial staff meets in New York for an early supper, then a long evening of idea-exchange.
Rose Weiss, who handles all the prayer-requests that we receive, answering each letter personally, has the serene selflessness that comes from suffering: she has had many major operations, and now gets about in a limited way on braces and crutches.
Serious, yes, but also much laughter.
I am a magazine;
At first I was happy to throw the support of our newspaper behind this man.
He spent long hours before the TV spitting out promises of revenge.
Of this, only 50 cents a day was paid in cash, the rest in script usable only in "People's Stores".
Paredon!
"You will lose the paper.
Far from discouraging Henri, his parents urge him on to greater and greater accomplishments.
Yesiree, the professor knows his muscles!
It was muscular but it wasn't symmetrical.
Now when Henri has completed four complete Push-Pull Super-Sets No. 1, the professor allows him about a five-minute rest period before starting him on four complete Push-Pull Super-Sets No. 2.
You'll know when you've made the greatest stretch because your shoulder blades will touch!
that steel-edged "carved-out-of-solid rock" looks of the great champions.
Only when the newest Mr. America or Mr. Universe discovers them and puts them into practice are we reacquainted with them and once again see how effective they really are.
Used in several sets of high reps once or twice each week it will not be long before your entire upper leg takes on a razor-sharp definition in which the muscles look like wire cables writhing and twisting under the skin!
It speeds muscle growth and power development even for the advanced bodybuilder because each hip and leg is exercised separately, thus enabling a massive, concentrated effort to be focused on each.
After you have taken a breather, reverse the position of your legs so that the front thigh of the previous exercise is now to the rear, and the rear thigh now to the front, and perform the same movement in the same manner.
Pansies are supposed to like it cool, but those great velvety flowers were healthy and perky in the glaring sun.
Occasionally, when he had an unusual flower that he wanted more of he did;
Pansies don't have to be coddled;
I like sawdust for this, or hay.
lacking that, decayed manure spread over the bed is fine.
That keeps in the cold, retains moisture and prevents the heaving of alternate freezing and thawing.
its mass of bright bloom set in a border of snow made my spirits rise every time I looked at it.
Probably no one needs to tell you that the way to stop all bloom is to let the blossoms go to seed.
If the plants are cared for and protected over the winter, the second year is more prolific than the first.
It has a great many assets to recommend it and if you haven't made avocado a part of your diet yet, you really should.
Today, refrigerated carriers have made the shipping of avocados possible to any place in the world.
It is thick, much like an egg plant's skin, so that poison sprays, if they are used, present no hazard to the consumer.
The study comprised 16 male patients, ranging in age from 27 to 72.
With a nation defenseless before it, why would the attacker spare the victim's people?
They could be used to attack a nation's people (which would inevitably mean the loss of the attacker's own people), or they could be used with discrimination to destroy the enemy's military force.
Because of this, it would appear inevitable that an increasing percentage of strategic missiles will seek self-protection in mobility -- at least until missile defenses are perfected which have an exceedingly high kill probability.
Is there any other way to do the job?
However, the aircraft which we have today are tied to large, "soft" airfields.
Put aircraft in "bomb-proof" hangars when they are on the ground.
One seldom hears the analogy "nuclear propulsion will do for the aircraft what it has already done for the submarine".
No need to kill an entire city and all its people because we lacked the precision and reconnaissance to selectively disarm the enemy's military force.
If the target can change its position significantly during the 30 minutes the missile is in the air on its way, the probability of the missile destroying the target is drastically reduced.
With these keen "eyes" and small nuclear weapons delivered with accuracy, military forces can be directly attacked with minimum damage to urban areas.
Recently I was struck anew by the divergent approaches, when in the course of one afternoon and evening I listened to no fewer than ten different performances.
This is a serious-minded interpretation, but it is never strait-laced.
Every detail in his interpretation has been beautifully thought out, and of these I would especially cite the delicious laendler touch the pianist brings to the fifth variation (an obvious indication that he is playing with Viennese musicians), and the gossamer shading throughout.
The Hephzibah Menuhin-Amadeus Quartet (Angel) and Victor Babin-Festival Quartet (RCA Victor) editions give us superlative string playing (both in symphonic style) crippled by unimaginative piano playing.
Seen in perspective, many of these releases have a genuine claim to be milestones.
(Music often sounds best to me when I can dress informally and sit in something more comfortable than a theatre seat.
The engineering as such never obtrudes upon your consciousness.
All of this would be wasted, of course, if the performance lacked authority and musical distinction.
The Command technique invites you to listen to the depth of the orchestration.
This year several entries from Canada were entered which made the Junior Class International.
Twenty years ago her daughter Betsey Long, then 13 years of age, won the Grand Challenge Trophy, Children's Handling Class (as they were called then) at Westminster.
Or a bored dog because you are more interested in something else -- maybe the way you look, or the date you have after the Class, or you are just doing this to please the parents.
The second speaker was Harvey Barcus, President of the Dog Writers Ass'n of America.
This gave the Juniors the use of the entire ring at the show -- a great advantage to them!
(The purpose of the Junior Showmanship Competition is to teach and encourage Juniors to become good sportsmen.
)
Entries increasing -- requirements raised
The Intermediates in the Class with the Judge were asked to pick 4 winners and give their reasons but their decisions did not affect the choice of the Judge.
To overcome this unfair judging, the A.K.C. requires that a licensed Handler be present to judge the Class.
"Puppies"?
At one time, to most Americans, unless they were fortunate enough to live near a body of navigable water, boats were considered the sole concern of fishermen, rich people, and the United States Navy.
In 1959, according to the Engineers, Lake Texoma was only one of thirty-two artificial lakes and reservoirs which were used for recreation by over 1,000,000 persons.
The boats of America's trailer sailors in 1961 will be coddled on clouds as they are hauled to new horizons.
You can cross an ocean in a fully equipped craft, sail, power, or both, or laze away a fine day in a small dinghy on a local pond.
The outboard engine of today has a phenomenal range of one to 80 horsepower, unheard of a few years ago for a two cycle engine in quantity production.
Outboard motors, insurance, and boat repairs may also be financed in the same way as boats.
Laws on boating vary according to the state in which the craft is to be used and according to its horsepower.
lack of ability and common sense can lead to just as much tragedy.
It is important to note the work of the United States Power Squadrons and the U.S. Coast Guard Auxiliary.
It indicates the same thing but it is meant to pertain more specifically to establishments designed to cater to smaller type boats such as outboards.
The number of locking bars required depends on how many false moves must be prevented.
There are other basic rules.
By studying the track-signal diagrams you'll note several other details.
Frame
Solder this second "B" to "A" at right angles.
Cap the locking bar spacers with two Af directly under the first two "B" pieces.
Drill 20 No. 47 holes in the upper piece "A" as shown in Fig. 7.
Remove all other loose pieces and file the edges of the basic frame smooth.
Drill a No. 50 hole 1-1/4" from one end and tap 2-56.
To each tappet except 6 and 8, solder a Af piece of brass and file to the tapered shape shown in Figs. 6 and 8.
All the bars are cut from Af brass.
Place the locking bar in proper position and insert tappet 3.
The notch should have a smooth finish so that the steel dog will slide easily over it.
It's not a science as involved as determining what makes the earth rotate on its axis or building a rocket or putting a satellite into orbit but it is, nevertheless, a science.
They involve only simple mathematics that are taught in grammar school arithmetic classes.
The result will be the same regardless of the order used.
For example: Af.
They are included in all types of mathematical handbooks and they are stamped on some types of precision measuring instruments.
We'll take them in the general order of their popularity.
The cross-sectional area of the cylinders is determined and then the volume of the individual cylinders is computed by multiplying the area by the stroke length, which is the equivalent of the length of the cylinders.
The different steps will look like this: Af
Such liquids will rise to a considerable height above the surface around the chamber before they will flow out of the chamber.
Compute this volume by measuring the distance from the top of the block to the piston head as accurately as possible with a depth micrometer or some other precision measuring device and then multiply the area of the cylinder by the depth.
Any irregularity on the piston heads will make it impossible, with normal means, to determine the final combustion chamber volume because the volume displaced by the piston heads cannot be readily computed.
, for Tire size
.
Kimberly Gal (Galophone-Kimberly Hanover) 2:26.2;
I have never seen Caper off his feet -- he seems to know nothing but'trot'and keeps trying a little harder if asked to do so.
This colt has done everything asked of him, and done it with ease.
Torrid Freight (Torrid-Breeze On Hal) is a very rugged, strong-made colt with a wonderful stride who has done with ease everything asked of him.
Hoopla (Tar Heel-Holiday Hanover), a filly that wanted to trot, knocked herself October 31 and November 1 fighting the hopples.
Marquis Pick (Gene Abbe-Direct Grattan) seems to be the pick of the stable at the present time.
Hickory Ash (Titan Hanover-Misty Hanover) in 2:35.
Brief Candle (Harlan-Marcia) has gone in 2:37;
Faber's Choice (Faber Hanover-Sally Joe Whippet) 2:36;
The last-named is one of the favorites in the stable, and the boys like her very much.
Rain on Friday prevented many workouts, but there were a few miles of note on Thursday.
Lucky Freight (Knight Dream-Lusty Helen), 2:31.3-:35.3.
Del Mar, Calif., Feb. 3
Carter Creed, p, 3, 2:01.1, Great Lullwater 2:00.3, and Hi Jay, p, 2:05.1 have been in 2:30;
he's a real hunter and shooter, eager to improve his sport.
Such modifications are all for the best but it takes something as different as a Deerstalker or a Jet to change arms-making concepts.
Ruger learned that this was because the higher velocity achieved in a long barrel was upsetting the shape of the unjacketed revolver bullet.
With five shots at the immediate command of the hunter's trigger finger, the gun and load are a deadly combination.
rim-fires by means of adapter sleeves in the chambers.
Barrel weights vary sensibly with the various calibers available, and these include the standard bores (about $165) plus the Magnums (around $170);
and, the medium action, and the
Marlin has made two contributions to the harvest of new offerings.
A trap for throwing these miniature clays fastens to the barrel so that the shooter can throw his own targets.
This carbine (under $140, about $15 more for a deluxe grade) has an 18-1/2-inch barrel and was obviously inspired by the popularity of last year's Model 760 pump with a short-barrel.
rim-fires.
This gun has a 12-1/2-inch stock and is available in either 20 or gauge.
The Supermatic Trophy (prices begin at less than $135 and depend on grade and optional features) is a 12-gauge auto.
Coaching had declined considerably by 1905, but the sign was still there, near the old Wells Fargo building in San Francisco, creaking in the fog as it had for thirty years.
Gazing too long at the scenery could be tiring, so halts were contrived between meals.
They advertised harness polish, liniments, Ball's Rubber Boots, Green River Whiskey, Hood's Sarsaparilla, patent medicines, shoe blacking, and chewing tobacco.
Antoine's held as mandatory a splash of absinthe or Pernod on the parsley or spinach which was used for the underbedding.
But for the start of the Santa Cruz run, the whip fell.
Native California oysters, salty and piquant, as coppery as Delawares and not much larger than a five-cent piece, went into it.
It was a post of honor, held inviolate for him;
An agreeable ease suffused Vernon and the passengers of the tallyho, from which there issued clouds of smoke.
they were struck out with remarks in red ink, denouncing both the cooks and the management.
put into a saucepan a cupful of the baked ham gravy, or of the boiled ham liquor, with a half stick of butter, three teaspoonfuls of made mustard, and two mashed garlic cloves.
) Apple trees grew there also.
Poach the apples in this syrup for twelve minutes, drain them, and cool.
We divided the country into five regions plus Hawaii and Alaska and in each is included a general description of the area plus specific recommendations of places and events to cover.
Philadelphia with its historic buildings and nearby Valley Forge;
The skyline, the bridges, Broadway, and the Staten Island ferry are only a few of the spots to put on your "must" list for New York City.
In color, 1/50th of a second between Af and Af will do for bright, frontal sunlight.
Florida provides tropical scenes unequalled in the United States.
In San Antonio visit the famous Alamo and photograph 18th Century Spanish buildings and churches.
Exposure problems may occur in these forest areas where uneven lighting results from shafts of sunlight filtering through the overhead branches.
The Midwest
Of course, while in this vicinity you won't want to miss a visit to Mount Rushmore National Memorial where on the side of a mountain are the famous sculptures of Presidents Washington, Lincoln, Jefferson and Theodore Roosevelt.
Pictures of the Midwest
Michigan offers the lovely Tulip Festival in Holland, Michigan, May 12-14;
In the Utah area are Zion National Park and Bryce Canyon National Park.
About a thousand years after that, when the Roman Empire was divided, it became capital of the Eastern section.
Directly across from the Gardens I found a bus stop sign for T 4 and rode it down to the Bosphorus, with the sports center on my left just before I reached the water and the entrance to Dolmabahce Palace immediately after that.
Nevertheless, it remained one of the most splendid churches of the Eastern Empire, where the Byzantine Emperors were crowned.
Outside St. Sophia I walked through the flower garden in front of it, with the Blue Mosque ahead on my left.
Retracing my steps to the Mosque of Sultan Ahmet, only one with six minarets, I entered the courtyard, with a gallery supported by pointed arches running around it and a fountain in the middle.
It's a great favorite of the university students, and I joined them there for dessert.
At one time about 10,000 people lived there.
Do line barbecue fire bowl with heavy foil to reflect heat.
For roasts, insert meat thermometer diagonally so it does not rest on bone.
Do whatever kitchen work, such as fixing a salad, preparing garlic bread, or making a marinade sauce, ahead of time.
Do keep the grill high enough above the fire so that when fat from meat drips down and flares up, flames cannot reach the meat.
There are many varieties of coolers and they serve many purposes.
Summertime supper, outside, is a natural.
A picnic bag, a grill, a cooler for soft drinks and beer, and for frozen convenience foods.
You only have to think of franks and sausages to know what I mean.
Either way it's hard to beat in flavor as well as ease of preparation.
Contrary to popular opinion, "a la mode" doesn't mean "with ice cream" -- it just means, in the latest style.
Serve on buns.
2 tablespoons dry mustard Water 1/2 cup heavy cream, whipped Salt Paprika
To prepare mustard cream, blend mustard with enough water to make a thin paste.
Coney Island sauce: finely chop several onions and add enough catsup to moisten well;
Prick frankfurters with fork;
If desired, sprinkle with 1 teaspoon drained crushed pineapple.
Serves 12.
Basic pottery studio equipment.
Pressing designs:
Check thickness of clay and build up thin areas by moistening surface with a little water and adding small pieces of clay.
If clay is slightly out of shape, square straight sides with guide sticks or rulers pressed against opposite sides, or smooth round pieces with damp fingers.
Decorated on unfired glaze with one coat of one-stroke ceramic colors;
(opposite page, top left): Red clay was used, rolled 1/2" thick.
Measurements for rectangular pattern piece A are obtained by measuring inside circumference and depth of butter mold bowl.
Line sides of mold with paper pattern Aj.
score other side of D and one side of disk E and join as before.
For an antique effect on jars, brush Creek-Turn brown toner on bisque ware and sponge it off.
For top and bottom pieces, use short end of mold as measurement guide.
To assemble:
Sugar and creamer:
This will form the sugar bowl.
Cut a notch in lid for spoon handle if desired.
join sides and base with slip and reinforce with coil.
Fired to cone 06-05.
Place work on a flat surface and smooth out.
Pin right sides of pieces together, keeping edges even and matching rows or patterns.
Weaving seam
And with passenger weight shifted forward, Hotei levels off for speed under power of a Merc 800.
On each side of the motor well there's storage for battery, bumpers, line and spare props with six-gallon gas tanks below.
Besides flathead bronze screws, silicon bronze Stronghold nails (made by Independent Nail & Packing Co., Bridgewater, Mass.) are used extensively in assembly and Weldwood resorcinol glue is used in all the joints.
Nowhere in the boat do the frames come in contact with the plywood planking.
The second piece is in turn glued and screwed to the first.
A number of C clamps hold the pieces together on the jig until the glue sets.
The aluminum, flush against the battens, acted as a fairing stick and enabled me to plane the chines and keelson to the proper bevels easily.
I used a Homemaster Routo-Jig made by Porter Cable for this job.
Then the chines are rounded off and the bottom is rough-sanded in preparation.
Be sure it is well saturated and then allow it to harden.
For added strength, I also fastened a small block on each side of every frame and batten joint.
Most floor battens are glued and screwed to the flooring.
A head is a handy thing to have and I installed one under a removable section of the port bunk.
In recognition of the growing trend for second homes, or vacation cottages, we have designed this one specifically with the family handyman in mind.
Then you can do the finishing touches at your leisure.
Where a building permit is required, find out what you must present when applying for one.
Will the view be something you can live with?
The outside surface of the solid units shall be of an exterior grade of panel board such as plywood, plastic coated panel board, high density particle board, asbestos-cement board, or any other product locally obtainable upon recommendation of your building supply dealer.
All nails should be rustproof, and aluminum is highly recommended.
The head is mounted on a horizontal arm that swivels on the supporting column to position the drill bit instead of the work.
Keep the belt just tight enough so the pulleys won't slip when pulled by hand;
Drill speeds are important if you want a good job.
Common drilling tools
Another method of assuring a clean hole is to first drill a small pilot hole all the way through, then drill half way with the dimensional bit, turn the piece over, and finish from the other side.
This document began: "No. 1 Newbury Port, may 30th, 1791
"It consists of two divisions, separated by an island at a small distance from the southern shore.
and was there apprenticed to a builder and architect, Moody Spofford.
It is said that the eccentric Timothy Dexter, who was one of the first share-holders, stood on the table and made a speech worthy of the occasion.
An advertisement in the "Newburyport Herald", December 21, 1810, shows Palmer in a new light as an expert on chain bridges.
The horse and men were saved, but the oxen drowned.
It still stands as a monument to the engineering skills of the last century and still serves in the gasoline age to carry heavy traffic on U.S. Route 250 -- the old Beverly and Fairmont Turnpike.
But what the elements could not do was seriously threatened when Brigadier General William E. (Grumble) Jones reached Philippi while on the famous Jones-Imboden raid in May, 1863.
We have had sound grounding in the principles of the mailed-fist-in-velvet-glove school of diplomacy.
If you are dreaming of a blue, shimmering pool right outside your living room windows, close your eyes firmly and fill in the picture with lots and lots of children, damp towels, squashed tubes of suntan oil and semi-inflated plastic toys.
(We do, however, recommend those patented covers to prevent both people and junk -- flora and fauna generally -- from accidentally wintering in the pool.
We seemed to be witnessing the population explosion right in our own backyards.
So rules we made, in unabashed collusion.
A gaggle of gabbling mothers, backs to the pool, is no safeguard.
) We do, however, provide a limited number of extra suits, mainly for children, and we stock extra towels and a few inexpensive bathing conveniences.
All bottles must be kept a safe distance away from the pool and drinking glasses are banned in favor of plastic or metal cups.
Preserving the pool
You can hope against hope that come spring cleaning, your fair-weather friends will lend a hand at scrubbing and furbishing.
Once on the water, these little visitors seldom leave, and this adds to your filtering and vacuuming problems as well as providing a slapping good time for all those present.
New simplified packaged units, recently devised prefabricated glass-fiber ducts, and improved add-on techniques make it possible to acquire a system for an 1800-square-foot house for as little as $600 to $900.
The filtered air benefits allergies, asthma, sinus, hay fever.
You'll sleep longer and better, too, awake refreshed and free of hot weather nerves.
If that's done, the house can be designed and oriented for best operation, and this can mean savings both in the size of equipment and in the cost of the house itself.
Be sure ducts that require insulation get it when they are installed.
Separate systems.
A relatively simple switching arrangement reverses the cycle so that the machine literally runs backward, and the heat is extracted from outdoor air and turned indoors.
The body is a heat machine, and 20 to 25 guests can easily double your cooling load.
It is generally an inaccurate method of rating, for the horsepower is that of the compressor motor, and many other components beside it determine how much cooling you'll get.
Money-saving tips.
The way a house is set on its lot can therefore influence how much cooling you're going to need.
They stand for 6 inches of mineral wool insulation in the ceiling, 4 inches in the side walls, 2 inches in the floors.
This is particularly true in site selection.
Inspect the site in the field during the time of the year when the area will be most heavily used for recreation.
It is too easy for the inexperienced person to make a quick judgment of a few values of the area and base a decision on these alone.
Check the quantity and quality of all of the recreation interests already existing at the site.
Note extent of these interests and how available they will be for the public to enjoy.
If the site is on a reservoir, the level of the water at various seasons as it affects recreation should be studied.
Fishing interest calls for a check of the species found, quantity and size, the season they are available, and the stocking program of the fish commission.
Some areas may provide archeological values such as ancient Indian village sites or hunting areas, caves, artifacts, etcetera.
A large picnic area or camping development is most efficient in shape as a square or rectangle several hundred feet in width in preference to a long narrow area less than one hundred feet wide.
Nearly level areas are required for parking areas, beaches, camp areas, ballfields, etcetera.
An area may have been partially logged and requires removal of stumps or clean-up.
-- Some areas may already have been improved and contain buildings, roads, utilities, cleared land, etcetera which may raise the cost of the site.
A tongue-in-cheek stylization of 18th-Century ideas;
Certainly, America took Prokofieff and his Classical Symphony seriously, and with a good deal of pleasure.
in the spacious hunting grounds of "Uncle Sam";
It is at this point in his life that the mature Prokofieff emerges.
or the Love For Three Oranges (gay as it is) with the wonderful, imaginative, colorful, and subtle tenderness of the magnificent ballet, The Stone Flower.
His counterpoint is pertinent, skillful, and rarely thick.
His fellow-countryman, Igor Stravinsky, certainly did not.
His various aesthetic postulates remain as landmarks of a house divided against itself: Supra-Expressionism, Neo-Paganism, Neo-Classicism, Neo-Romanticism, Neo-Jazz, Neo-Ecclesiasticism, Neo-Popularism, and most recently, Post-Serialism -- all competing with each other within one composer!
In the process, his native endowments were stretched, strengthened and disciplined to serve their human purpose.
large and eager audiences.
As a boy Roy Mason began the long process of extracting the goodness of the out-of-doors, its tang of weather, its change of seasons, its variable moods.
Gradually he withdrew from the shop altogether, and for the past thirty years, he has worked independently as a painter, except for his continued hunting and fishing expeditions.
and that over-all, amazing control of large washes which is the Mason stylemark.
"I am thoroughly convinced that most watercolors suffer because the artist expects nature will do his composing for him;
When this linear draft is completed, I dust it down to a faint image.
After selecting a sheet and inspecting it for flaws (even the best sometimes has foreign'nubbins'on its surface), I sponge it thoroughly on both sides with clean, cold water.
"My usual palette consists of top-quality colors: alizarin crimson, orange, raw sienna, raw umber, burnt sienna, sepia, cerulean blue, cobalt blue, French ultramarine blue, Winsor green, Hooker's green 2, cadmium yellow pale, yellow ochre, Payne's gray, charcoal gray, Davy's gray, and ivory black".
rather his pictures invite the observer to draw on his memory, his imagination, his nostalgia.
two Ranger Fund purchase awards;
The Russians are all trained as dancers before they start to study gymnastics.
But the Russians use gymnastics as the first step in training for all other sports because it provides training in every basic quality except one, endurance.
First of the problems attacked would be fatigue and emotional tension, since action relieves both.
American audiences in particular learned two valuable lessons.
Dance teachers can respond to President Kennedy's request not only through their regular dance work, but also through the kind of basic gymnastic work that makes for strength and flexibility.
It should be installed over a door that is in full view of everyone, and a chair should be placed under it, a little to one side.
Follow this by crossing from one corner of the room to the other on all fours, kicking as high as possible.
The push-up itself can be taught by starting at the top of the push-up with legs spread wide.
The right will land first, followed by the left.
Have the class lie supine with knees apart and bent.
Keep the legs straight and the toes pointed.
He places the hands on either side of the head, keeping the chin down on the chest.
And dancing school, so helpful in artistic and psychological development, also contributes to this essential early training -- and can contribute even more.
Commonly used electronic devices which are found in practically every hospital are closed-circuit TV and audio systems for internal paging and instruction, along with radiation counters, timers, and similar devices.
These wavelengths are reflected in sequence through the specimen by the rotating mirror;
Many of the cells and microorganisms which are transparent to visible light, absorb or reflect the much shorter wavelengths of the ultraviolet spectrum.
From the resulting data the doctor can determine lung defects with hitherto unknown accuracy and detail.
A sonar or radar-type of pulse generator and time-delay measuring system is required for body-tissue evaluation.
From this doctors can read heart rate, change in diameter, pressure, and effective heart power.
One of the advantages of this method is that the "pill" can remain in the patient for several days, permitting observation under natural conditions.
A good example of the results obtainable with ultrasonic radiation is contained in papers presented by Dr. G. Baum who has explored the human eye.
By submerging the patient in a tub and rotating the transducer while the scanning goes on, they have been able to get cross-section views of the neck, as shown in Fig. 7, as well as many other hitherto impossible insights.
Oldenburg's contributions were soon exhausted and the boys had to turn to a wider circle of the town's learned, such as the pastor, to supplement the simple teaching.
They supplemented their income by small government assistance, by tutoring and economizing wherever they could.
The new century opened with Oersted beginning his professional career in charge of an apothecary shop in Copenhagen and as lecturer at the university.
The sound discoveries of this quixotic genius were so diluted by those of fantasy that the prize was never awarded to him.
During Oersted's attendance at the university, it was poorly equipped with physical apparatus for experimenting in the sciences.
His friends were numerous and their ties to him were strong.
But in such an important question, we would be satisfied if the judgment were that the principal objection to the identity of forces which produce electricity and magnetism were only a difficulty, and not a thing which is contrary to it.
In 1819 under royal command he undertook a very successful geological expedition to Bornholm, one of the Danish islands, being one of three scientists in the expedition.
The experiments of Romagnosi and others have already been noted but no one had determined the cause-and-effect relationship between these two primary forces.
In some instances, the trade name is shown in parentheses following the chemical name.
-- To increase rate of gain and improve feed efficiency, feed 10 to 25 grams per ton of complete feed.
For treatment of shipping fever, this level should be fed at the onset of the disease symptoms until symptoms disappear.
Prevention of bacterial pneumonia, shipping fever, as an aid in reduction of losses due to respiratory infections (infectious rhinotracheitis -- shipping fever complex).
-- As an aid in reducing losses due to enterotoxemia (overeating disease), feed a complete ration containing not less than 20 and not more than 50 grams of Aureomycin per ton.
Animals consuming 20 pounds feed daily receive 2 grams Dynafac).
This may be incorporated in complete feeds at the level of 0.4 milligram of diethylstilbestrol per pound of ration -- assuming animal consumes about 25 pounds daily.
Drug's chemical name:
Fed to dairy cattle to increase milk production and butterfat percentage.
How to feed:
Caution:
Phenothiazine.
For continuous control, feed 1 part phenothiazine to 9 parts minerals or salts.
Feed 75,000 units or 75 milligrams per head daily.
What it does:
Drug's chemical name:
What it does:
Several materials or combinations of materials can be used to construct a satisfactory feed bunk.
This will be a problem in areas of heavy snowfall.
There has been an intensification of price-consciousness in recent years;
This problem can force a change in marketing approach in many kinds of businesses.
Proper follow-through requires training your own sales organization, and your distributor organizations, not only in the techniques but also in good customer relations.
These shifts will continue in the next 10 yrs.
In the area of private label competition, it is logical to expect a continuation of trends which have been under way during the first decade.
If you have a higher-quality product, how can you make it stand out -- justify its premium price -- without the spoken word?
"Selective selling" -- concentrating sales on the larger accounts -- has been used effectively by some manufacturers.
It is accentuated by the need for pre-selling goods, and private label competition.
Is your R & D or product development program tuned in to the commercial realities of the market?
There is a shortage of salesmen today.
The growth of business has outdistanced the available supply, and the demand will continue to exceed the supply in the sixties.
We find too many sales and marketing executives so burdened with detail that they are short-changing planning.
The element of public danger which enters so largely into architectural certification, however, would demand a prolonged study of structure.
To begin with, what is an interior designer?
And further he must understand his obligation to the client to not only meet his physical necessities but also to enhance and improve his life and to enlarge the cultural horizon of our society.
It is like medical schools in India where, in that fairy-land of religious inhibition, the dissection of dead bodies is frowned upon.
Certainly every educator involved in interior design should be a member and active in the work of one of these organizations.
Long hard years of "on the job" training had brought them to their competence.
Only a few years ago a middle western college circulated a request for a teacher of interior design.
For proper accreditation of schools, teachers in any course must have a degree at least one level above that for which the student is a candidate.
It has been the custom for most universities to stretch the blanket of accreditation for their liberal arts school to cover the shivering body of their fine arts department.
Have you set specific objectives for your employee publication?
Insurance
Have you investigated the possibility of moving midweek holidays forward to Monday or back to Friday in order to have an uninterrupted work week?
Would it be feasible to limit the menu in order to reduce feeding costs?
Are you spending too much money on team uniforms that benefit only a few employees?
Can they be re-scheduled?
Would early retirement of non-productive, disabled employees reduce the number of make-work jobs?
Consider what you can afford to spend and what your goals are before setting up or revamping your employee benefit program.
Aim to balance your employee benefit package.
U. S. Rubber Company, New York, passes out a form itemizing the value of benefits.
Put a dollar-and-cents limit on benefits.
Consider installing supplemental serving lines in production areas.
Workers usually think more of a plan they contribute to.
This reduces the number of expensive plant shutdowns and startups.
You may save valuable production minutes with a change.
But with all the changes in philosophy, dress and terrain -- a few things remain constant, including the devotion of Americans to the great field sports, hunting and fishing.
The shooting development program of the Sporting Arms and Ammunition Manufacturers'Institute has successfully published these facts in all major outdoor magazines, many national weeklies and the trade papers.
SAAMI's financial support since 1955 has contributed to the success of this project in education.
Other THC activities followed, conducted by shopping centers, department stores, recreation equipment dealers, radio-TV stations, newspapers, and other organizations interested in the need existing to acquaint youngsters with the proper use of sporting firearms and the development of correct attitudes and appreciations related to hunting and wise use of our natural resources.
Are you looking ahead to the exploding market of millions of American boys and girls, who will grow up to enjoy a traditional American way of life -- ranging the fields with a fine American gun and uniformly excellent ammunition?
Dealers would do well to visit such a campground often, look at the equipment and talk with the campers.
Consider the equipment needed to protect this many from the weather, to make their cooking easy and their sleeping comfortable.
They come prepared for family fun because Americans in ever-growing numbers are learning that here is the way to a fine economical vacation that becomes a family experience of lasting importance.
What does the camping couple do to this set of figures?
They're buying fun and adventure and family experiences.
Throughout history, the man who showed superior performance has become the commander of others -- for good or bad.
Some men have no talent for or interest in management;
Yet titles are traditionally given only to management men, and income tends to rise with title.
This is not a mutually exclusive plan;
These positions carry such titles as:
Senior staff engineer?
"We have over 20 divisions -- each of which has an engineering department headed by a chief engineer.
We have a few'consultants'-- retired engineers retained and called in on certain problems.
Top job: research scientist
With no set standards, there is the tendency to promote to the next highest level when the top of a salary band is reached regardless of performance.
The salary schedule permits remuneration greater than the average paid to the first level of engineering supervision (engineering section head).
Additional symbols of status are granted, such as reserved parking, distinctive badge passes authorizing special privileges, and a difference in the treatment of financial progress through merit.
As a matter of fact you could probably find a new home development in every populated county in the country with three-bedroom ranch style cottages in the $14,000 range.
This has survived the years but there has been considerable concern among the tenants over the fact that the oil was not metered.
In working out the practical legal conclusions President Waters was not thinking only of this pilot project, for it is planned to duplicate this program or system in other builder developments nationally.
On this first venture the central storage is 20,000 gallons, in two tanks, or an average of 400 gallons for each of the 50 homes.
For example, the officials of Poughkeepsie town (township) where the project is located think highly of it because it simplifies their snow clearing problem.
Its figures are a half inch high and very easy to read, even into tenth gallons.
It may also work in one other way -- by licensing its system patents and supplying the meters, letting the oil company or even the builder install the facilities.
It pays in the long (hot) run to take good care of the water works.
Now, check for leaks in your hoses and hose connections, around the freeze-out plugs, gaskets, water pump seals and heater fittings.
Spring and summer may be here officially, but those thermos stay in.
Duplicate coverage.
Usually premium reductions can be obtained by applying deductibles to your liability plan.
A volume market
Currently, there are some 6000 companies in the field, ranging from small firms with a handful of employees to major concerns having complete facilities for production of metal, electrical, and plastic components.
The weight advantage, plus greater durability of the plastic unit, yields a saving of about one-fifth in shipping.
during daylight hours their brilliant colors command attention and interest.
Sheeting cast from this material reportedly weighs only one-third as much as glass, is impervious to all kinds of weather, and will not yellow.
Here may be found regular and impact styrene, cellulose acetate, cellulose butyrate and cellulose propionate, acrylic, vinyl, expandable styrene foam, and polyethylene.
Spare sets of face panels simplify the change from one copy or message to another;
Recently Industrial Electric unveiled another new development made possible by modern plastic materials -- a revolving spectacular sign.
Poster Products Inc., Chicago, Ill.: a changeable copy and display sign which consists of an extruded impact styrene background in choice of colors, onto which are mounted snap-in letters, figures, or words screened on acetate or other types of sheet stock.
Wagner Sign Service Inc., Chicago, for example, supplies them in several colors, in heights of 4, 6, 8, 10, and 17 inches.
Letters may be wired to the face of the combined channels, painted on the first surface, or handled in other ways.
Don't try to wrestle a 400-lb. tub Af through a narrow doorway.
That way he can truck his parts right indoors and unload them under the roof.
It changes the answers to "Who should do what, and where"?
Says Clarence Thompson: "We dealers must earn our mark-up by performing a service for the builder cheaper than he could do it himself".
"That House & Home Round Table was the real starting point for today's revolution in materials handling", says Clarence Thompson, long chairman of the Lumber Dealers'Research Council.
Truck and materials-handling equipment makers now offer specialized units to meet almost every homebuilding need.
These units make it easy to load as much as 48,000 bd/ft (say 120,000 lb in a 50'box car) much more than the average for loose-loaded cars.
.
.
We found that three men -- two carpenters and a helper -- can put up wall panels or trusses more economically than four men -- because four men don't make two teams;
Green studs cost about $.65;
And you don't meet the folks from home in Northwest Spain which has remained almost untouched by time and tourists since the Middle Ages.
You can call one of the car rental services directly (Hertz, Avis, Auto-Europe Nationalcar Rental, and others) and ask them to reserve a car of your choice, and some transportation lines offer this service as well.
Your insurance, too, with most agencies, is provided with the car, covering comprehensive fire, theft, liability and collision with a deductible clause which varies in different countries.
With the exception of the sports cars, even the quite tiny sedans will seat four passengers if you are willing to sacrifice comfort and luggage space for really economical transportation.
If you will be using your car more than fifteen days, which isn't all unlikely, the daily rates drop quite sharply to $.86 a day for the Fiat 500 and to an infinitesimal $.30 a day for the Fiat 2100 Station Wagon.
Further, there is no mileage charge or mileage limitations when you lease a car, and you pay only the flat monthly rate plus a nominal charge for documents and insurance since the car is registered and insured individually for your trip.
Your chauffeur's expenses will average between $7.00 to $12.00 a day, but this charge is the same whether you rent a 7-passenger Cadillac limousine or a 4-passenger Peugeot or Fiat 1800.
Aside from the comico-romantico content here, a good linguist-anthropologist could readily pick up a few other facts, especially if he had a little more of the conversation to go on.
but communication, no.
For example, if you are a reasonably well-adjusted person, there are certain ways that are reasonable and appropriate for addressing your mother.
Since interviewing is the basic therapeutic and diagnostic instrument of modern psychiatry, the recording of interviews for playbacks and study has been a boost of Redstone proportions in new research and training.
In one now-historic first interview, for example, the transcript (reproduced from the book, The First Five Minutes) goes like this: The therapist's level tone is bland and neutral -- he has, for example, avoided stressing "you", which would imply disapproval;
The linguistic and paralinguistic signals of misery are all present in the voice chart for this sentence;
to spot these giveaways the therapist must know either intuitively or scientifically how to listen.
) Amateur linguists note here that Pursewarden, in Durrell's Alexandria Quartet, stammered when he spoke of his wife, which is hardly surprising in view of their disastrous relationship.
They were always denied.
The following month the invasion of Italy was begun, and Roosevelt gave effect to his warning by consenting to the stockpiling of poison gas in southern Italy.
It was the night of December 2, 1943, and it was growing dark in Bari.
Even though it was known that the Luftwaffe in the north was now being directed by the young and energetic General Peltz, the commander who would conduct the "Little Blitz" on London in 1944, a major raid on Bari at this juncture of the war was not to be considered seriously.
And everywhere in evidence among the few remaining defensive units was that old handmaiden of disaster -- multiple command.
He thought of the tons and tons of flammable fluid beneath his feet and shook his head.
Richardson wondered when it would be unloaded.
Damned if that wasn't a sailing ship standing out of the old harbor -- Porto Vecchio.
He snatched at it savagely.
"Fermate"!
In that interval, the German bombers made a hell of Bari harbor.
Norton and Rochford fired wildly at the sounds of the motors.
Most psychiatrists dismiss these instances of that weird feeling as the deja vue (already seen) illusion, just as they dismiss dream previsions as coincidences.
However, readers who accept Freud's findings and believe that he has solved completely the mystery of dreams, should ponder over the following words in his Interpretation Of Dreams, Chapter 1:
Every dream, and this is true of a mental image of any type even though it may be readily interpreted into its equivalent of wakeful thought, is a psychic phenomenon for which no explanation is available.
But then this theory confesses that it is completely at a loss as to how the image can possibly be received by the brain.
If the fourth dimension is a physical concept and not purely metaphysical, through what medium does it extend?
Some time later the missing part of the relic was found and the complete inscription, together with other new evidence, fully corroborated the ancient priest's information.
Probably less than one percent of our previsions escape final obliteration before we wake.
"The food is wonderful and it is a lot of fun to be here"!
Improved farming methods
He locked his equipment in a cabinet where it still remains.
"People and soils respond slowly", says Walter Clark, "but the time has now come when the gardens produce delicious long-keeping vegetables due to this enrichment program.
The first major change was that of providing wholewheat bread instead of white bread.
Once the grains are ground, vitamin E begins to deteriorate immediately and half of it is lost by oxidation and exposure to the air within one week.
The school has not used cold prepared cereals for years, though at one time that was all they ever served.
Salads are served at least once a day.
Organ meats such as beef and chicken liver, tongue and heart are planned once a week.
Wheat-germ, brewer's yeast and ground kelp are used in bread and in dishes such as spaghetti sauce, meat loaves.
Since Mr. Clark believes firmly that the chewing of hard foods helps develop healthy gums and teeth, raw vegetables and raw whole-wheat grains are handed out with fresh fruit and whole-wheat cookies at snack time in the afternoons.
Mr. Clark believes in a good full breakfast of fruit, hot cereal, milk, honey, whole-wheat toast with real butter and eggs.
Healthier children
The girders of a shattered Dog River bridge lay strewn for half a mile downstream.
When Governor Al Smith offered New York National Guard planes to fly the mail in and out of the state, it seemed a likely temporary solution, easing Burlington's bottleneck and that at Montpelier too.
It seemed like a good time for officials to use a recently-passed law empowering the post office department to contract for the transport of first class mail by air.
As a matter of fact, Fogg and his plane didn't get beyond Pennsylvania in the race -- an engine oil leak forced him down -- but the flying service and school he started subsequently were first steps in paying off his wry-faced backers.
After a week of precarious uphill landings and downwind takeoffs, Fogg one day looked down at the shattered yellow wreckage of an Army plane strewn across snow-covered Towne field.
Since Fogg's was a one-man, one-plane flying service, this meant that he would have to do both trips, flying alone 600 miles a day, under sub-freezing temperature conditions.
Later on in the day Fogg could get a better weather picture from the Burlington Weather Bureau supervised by Frank E. Hartwell.
It ticked over smoothly, idling while Fogg exchanged mails with the armed messenger from Burlington at Fort Ethan Allen, and one from Montpelier and Barre at the St. John field.
At a nod of his head they let go, turning to cup their ears against the icy slipstream.
Out of the blue comes talk of pension plans.
never seemed as if it could happen to you;
You are conscientious, hard working, honest, accurate, a good penman, and a stickler for a job well done, with no loose ends.
Your way doesn't seem to be so darned important any more.
Conferences become very popular.
Some have plenty of money -- some have very little money.
Yes!
Find out what you like to do most and really give it a whirl.
Does making your own clothes or even doll clothes, interest you?
How's about mosaic tile, ceramics or similar arts and crafts?
They love to dust, scrub, polish, wax floors, move the furniture around from place to place, take down the curtains, put up new ones and have themselves a real ball.
This is just being a normal writer.
How about a rock collection, or a collection of leaves from different trees or shrubs and in different colors?
Keep occupied to the point you are not bored with life and you will truly find these final days and years of your lives to be sunshine sweet.
All living creatures from the lowest form of insect or animal life evidence the power of creativity, if it is only to reproduce a form like their own.
Not only can man project his imagination out into his environment in concrete forms, but even more importantly, he can turn it inward to help create new and better forms of himself.
that nowadays all honeymooners are thoroughly familiar with the best sex-manuals and know enough from talk with friends and personal experimentation to take all the anxiety and hazards out of the situation.
Ignorance on this point has caused a great deal of needless anxiety, misunderstanding and suspicion.
More rarely, the hymen is so sturdy that it does not yield to penetration.
The vagina is an organ capable of remarkable contraction and dilation.
Apart from the standard problem of controlling the vaginal muscles, other serious barriers may exist that need special gynecological treatment.
and in fact without any difficulty if the pressure is kept downward at all times.
The insistent, forceful penetration may tear and inflame the vaginal walls as well as do excessive damage to the hymen.
He can take security from the fact that the progress he has made by his gentle approach will not be lost.
Perhaps this is a clue to the amazing variety and power of reactions, attitudes, and emotions precipitated by the nude form.
In tradition and in poetry, the marriage bed is a place of unity and harmony.
It is she who decides the time, the place, the surroundings, and the frequency of the sexual act.
Our society has "emancipated" the woman, giving her new independence and new authority.
He is a target of ridicule to his wife, and often -- since private affairs rarely remain private -- to the outside world as well.
To please her, her husband assumed some of the domestic chores.
Hemmed in on the job and unable to assert himself, he uses the sex act so he can be supreme in at least one area.
There is no evidence that these Milquetoasts became suddenly emboldened when they crossed the threshhold of the master bedroom.
and the dependent wife seldom questioned his judgment about anything, including the marriage bed.
Circumstances gave her almost undisputed sway over child-rearing, money-handling and home maintenance.
Not surprisingly, Dr. Ellis says, some recently enlightened wives are out to claim these capabilities.
If his on-the-job problems work out, he may return to his old pattern.
He must begin, paradoxically, by becoming more selfish.
Her neighbors in the expensive Houston apartment building told reporters that the ash-blonde beauty had talked at times about her past as "the Golden Girl of the Mickey Jelke trial".
In the spring and early summer of that year she met a wealthy foreign tycoon who took her to France, where she later met a very wealthy man and toured all Europe with him.
I never gave that boy a cent.
She quickly moved into cafe society, possibly easing her conscience by talking constantly of her desire to be in show business.
Diane loved to dance in the nude, something she was to demonstrate time and again.
The Greek evidently fell for her, "Monsieur X" recounted, and to clinch what he thought was an affair in the making he gave her 100,000 francs (about $300) and led her to the roulette tables.
"There had been a threesome at the party in the suite's bedroom: Miss Harrington (this was Diane's choice for a Roman name), another woman who has figured in other very interesting events and one of your well-known American actors.
With the Ambassador as headquarters, she continued to promote good will abroad.
It seemed as though she were always auditioning.
Officials provided a temporary passport, good only for return to the United States.
Last May, they said, she admitted being a prostitute.
An autopsy disclosed a large amount of morphine in Diane's body.
There is only one trouble with this big, beautiful dream.
) He knew just the thing for her -- a treatment from his "cosmic light ozone generator" machine.
Mrs. Shaefer practically shrieked.
He then sold her some capsules that he asserted would take care of the tumors and cysts until she could collect the money for buying his machine.
By no means.
According to the Food And Drug Administration (FDA), "Doctor" Ghadiali, Dr. Albert Abrams and his clique, and Dr. Wilhelm Reich -- to name three notorious device quacks -- succeeded, respectively, in distributing 10,000, 5000, and 2000 fake health machines.
Authorities hesitate to quote exact figures, however, believing that any sum they come up with is only a surface manifestation -- turned up by their inevitably limited policing -- of the real loot of the medical racketeer.
Mr. A has recovered, but he is, justifiably, a bitter man.
For instance:
(Small wonder a Spokane jury awarded the husband $35,823 for his wife's death.
The evidence shows that fake therapeutic machines, substituted for valid medical cures, have hastened the deaths of thousands.
Then one day Dick's classmate Jimmy, from next door, let the cat out of the bag.
Tooth fit explained
Upper teeth completely covering the lowers when the back teeth close.
If a child loses a molar at the age of two, the adjoining teeth may shift toward the empty space, thus narrowing the place intended for the permanent ones and producing a jumble.
"For these and other reasons", says Dr. Brodie, "orthodontics can prolong the life of teeth".
What can 10-year-old Susan expect when she enters the orthodontist's office?
When in place, a well-cemented band actually protects the part of the tooth that is covered.
Straightening one tooth that has come in wrong may take only a few months.
"Fees are about half to a third of what they were 25 years ago".
now we know that family characteristics do affect tooth formation to a large extent", he says.
That is why Dr. Brodie asks parents not to insist, against their dentist's advice, that their child have orthodontic work done too early.
To help prevent orthodontic problems from arising, your dentist can do these things:
Not all, as a matter of fact, consider themselves "mediums" in the sense of receiving messages from the deceased.
it had been latent, unspecified, semi-conscious and only partly realized -- until she described it to him!
If the latter knows nothing about the absent sitter except his name (given by the experimenter), he cannot possibly give any clues, conscious or unconscious, far less ask leading questions.
Here again laboratory approaches are being evolved, for it is recognized how "elastic" these readings can be, how they can apply to many people, and are often stated in general terms all too easily applied to any individual's own case.
Or am I taking something that could really apply to almost anybody, and forgetting that many other people probably have had a similar experience"?
So each reading can be given a weight and each reading a score by adding up these weights.
That is, if he marks as most correct a reading not meant for him, the total experimental score falls.
Or perhaps she hears words or sounds: "There's such a noise of loud machinery", or "I hear a child crying", or "He says we're all here and glad to see you".
Nor does a medium automatically know how to interpret her imagery.
Farming is confining.
Frequently he must work long hours in the hot sun or cold rain.
If the farm is in an industrial area where wages are high, farm labor costs will also be high.
A farm provides a wholesome and healthful environment for children.
Where schools, fire and police protection, and similar municipal services are of equal quality in city and country, real estate taxes are usually about the same.
Three quarters to 1 acre of good land is enough for raising fruits and vegetables for home use, and for a small flock of chickens, a cow, and two pigs.
Labor
For larger plantings, you'll need some kind of power for plowing, harrowing, disking, and cultivating.
Information on pages 8 to 14 may help you in deciding on the kind and scale of your farming venture.
Nearness to markets.
Facilities in the area.
The following amounts of water are needed per day for livestock and domestic uses.
Buying a farm
Estimate the value of the produce at normal prices.
One who had been a boy in Auschwitz had to tell how children had been selected by height for the gas chambers.
In each of the last, the trial marked the beginning of a new course: in Moscow the liquidation of the Old Bolsheviks and the tightening of Stalin's dictatorship;
And if it was not an individual who was in the dock, why was the Trial, as we shall observe later, all but scuttled in the attempt to prove Eichmann a "fiend"?
In regard to Eichmann, it was to be found in the Nazi outlook, which contained a principle separate from and far worse than anti-Semitism, a principle by which the poison of anti-Semitism itself was made more virulent.
This, in fact, it turned out to be.
Nor did the Trial devote much attention to exposing the usefulness of anti-Semitism to the Nazis, both in building their own power and in destroying that of rival organizations and states.
Finally, if the mission of the Trial was to convict anti-Semitism, how could it have failed to post before the world the contrasting fates of the countries in which the Final Solution was aided by native Jew-haters -- i.e., Germany, Poland, Hungary, Czechoslovakia -- and those in which it met the obstacle of human solidarity -- Denmark, Holland, Italy, Bulgaria, France?
After a flood of protests, they were reinstated at the beginning of 1953.
The time has come for citizens of all faiths to unite in an effort to remove this divisive and nettlesome issue from the political and social life of our nation.
These are substantially the same factors considered by Non-Catholics in family planning.
The Roman Catholic natural-law tradition regards as self-evident that the primary objective purpose of the conjugal act is procreation and that the fostering of the mutual love of the spouses is the secondary and subjective end.
Both Roman Catholics and Protestants have succumbed to this temptation in the past.
This was generally reflected in the civil laws of Christian countries.
Many other Protestant denominations preceded the Anglicans in such action.
The general Protestant conviction is that motives, rather than methods, form the primary moral issue, provided the methods are limited to the prevention of conception".
On April 17, 1610, the sturdy little three-masted bark, Discovery, weighed anchor in St. Katherine's Pool, London, and floated down the Thames toward the sea.
All told, they offered a highly confused picture.
In 1607 and 1608, the English Muscovy Company had sent him northward to look for a route over the North Pole or across the top of Russia.
The purpose of this fourth voyage was clear.
Hudson now proposed to sail all the way through and test the seas beyond for the long-sought waterway.
Arnold Lodley and Michael Perse were like the rest -- lukewarm, ready to swing against Hudson in a crisis.
Greene was in actuality a young ruffian from Kent, who had broken with his parents in order to keep the company he preferred -- pimps, panders and whores.
Floating ice bore down from the north and west.
Instead of quelling the dissension, as many captains of the era would have done (Sir Francis Drake lopped a man's head off under similar circumstances), Hudson decided to be reasonable.
On August 3, two massive headlands reared out of the mists -- great gateways never before, so far as Hudson knew, seen by Europeans.
This was the bitter end, and Hudson seemed to know he was destined to failure.
Juet had made plentiful enemies, several men stepped forward.
Just as it was being hauled inboard, a sea hit the ship.
Within a few years the Scots, engaged in breaking the thick sod and stirring the rich soil of the valley, were joined by a group called Meurons.
When in 1816 an act of Congress forced the foreign firm out of the United States, its British-born employees, now become American citizens -- Joseph Rolette, Joseph Renville and Alexis Bailly -- continued in the fur business.
This traffic, he declared prophetically, "tho'it might be of small account at first, would increase with the progress of our Settlements.
Activity by British traders and the presence of a colony on the Red prompted the United State War Department in 1819 to send Lieutenant-Colonel Henry Leavenworth from Detroit to put a post 300 miles northwest of Prairie Du Chien, until then the most advanced United States post.
For its part the Hudson's Bay Company was troubled by the approach of American settlement.
On June 24 more than 400 families started the three-month trip across the plains to the Mississippi.
Despite this prohibiton, by 1844 some of the Fort Garry merchants were trading with the Indians for furs.
A Confederate observed that the Yankees were: "thicker than lise on a hen and a dam site ornraier".
She is well-educated and refined, all wildcat and fur, and Union from the muzzle to the crupper".
Charles Thiot, a splendid Georgia soldier, differed from most of his comrades in the ranks in that he was the owner of a large plantation, well-educated, and nearly fifty years of age.
Johnny Rebs from the deep South who were plagued with diarrhoea after transfer to the Virginia front often informed their families that they were suffering from the "the Virginia quickstep".
Sometimes soldiers wrote letters while bullets were whizzing about their heads.
Rebs who owned slaves occasionally would include in their letters admonitions or greetings to members of the Negro community.
I would tell them I got a letter from home stating that five of my Negroes had runaway and ten of Pappy's.
We got to one house where there were five secessionists.
He is not worth shucks.
I insisted on takeing the field and prevailed -- thinking that I had better die by rebel bullets than (by) Union quackery".
Thus, if we are to observe American folklore in the twentieth century, we will do well to establish the relationships between folklore, nationalism and imperialism at the outset.
Yet nationalism has lost few of its charms for the historian, writer or man in the street.
Robert E. Lee represented the dignity needed by a rebelling confederacy.
Enthusiastically, Americans have swept subliterary and bogus materials like Paul Bunyan tales, Abe Lincoln anecdotes and labor union songs up as true products of our American oral tradition.
In addition, this country has been settled by many peoples of many heritages and their lore has become acculturated slowly, in an age of print and easy communication, within an ever-expanding and changing society.
The collector enjoys the contact with rural life;
Dominated by the vicious circle of the university promotion system, the analyst looks down on and gets along poorly with the other three groups, although he cannot deny his debt to the collector.
Does the writer know the difference between an "ersatz" ballad or tall tale and a true product of the folk?
Stephen Vincent Benet's John Brown's Body comes immediately to mind in this connection, as does John Steinbeck's The Grapes Of Wrath and Carl Sandburg's The People, Yes.
He carried three guns -- one in the right trouser pocket, one under his left armpit, one in the left outside coat pocket -- and was equally lethal with both hands.
He was also at this time, although not so interwoven in high politics and the rackets as Torrio and Capone, the most powerful and most dangerous mob leader in the Chicago underworld, the roughneck king.
O'Banion's first conflict with the police came in 1909, at seventeen, when he was committed to Bridewell Prison for three months for burglary;
He was also personally active in ward politics, and by 1924 O'Banion had acquired sufficient political might to be able to state: "I always deliver my borough as per requirements".
It included the top O'Banion men and Chief of Detectives Michael Hughes.
O'Banion accepted his platinum watch and the tributes to his loyalty, and proceeded with the bigger and better Republican deal.
A second bullet ricocheted off Max's belt buckle, leaving him unhurt but in some distress.
But in the meantime the beer-runner, unhappy with this solution, telephoned Torrio and returned to O'Banion with the message: "Say, Dionie, I just been talking to Johnny, and he said to let them cops have the three hundred.
But he still showed no intention of sharing with the syndicate.
Whether or not Plato's tale of the lost continent of Atlantis is true, skeptics concede that the myth may have some foundation in a great tsunami of ancient times.
A tsunami in the Hawaiian Islands in 1869 washed away an entire town (Ponoluu), leaving only two forlorn trees standing where the community had been.
Their amplitude sometimes is as little as two feet from trough to crest.
At Hilo large numbers of people ran out to inspect the amazing spectacle of the denuded beach.
He was able to make a detailed inspection of the waves.
Japanese fishermen have sometimes observed that sardines hauled up in their nets during a tsunami have enormously swollen stomachs;
The moment the alarm goes off, information is immediately forwarded to Honolulu, which is the center of the warning system.
Within about an hour with the help of reports from seismic stations in Alaska, Arizona and California, the quake's epicenter was placed at 51 degrees North latitude and 158 degrees East longitude.
Life has evolved from simple combinations of molecules in the sea to complex combinations in man.
We have learned from earthquakes much of what we now know about the earth's interior, for they send waves through the earth which emerge with information about the materials through which they have traveled.
The restless earth and its interior
Of all the thousands of men who have served in the 7th Cav, perhaps no one knows its spirit better than Lieutenant Colonel Melbourne C. Chandler.
But in maneuvers, with the top brass watching him all the time, it's easy.
But for all his erudite confidence, Sergeant Early was right out of the Garryowen mold.
But still Mel Chandler was not completely convinced that men would really die for a four-syllable word, "Garryowen".
He set out to keep Troop H the best troop in the best regiment.
One night on the Naktong River, Mel Chandler called on that fabled esprit de corps.
Another force flanked the company and took up a position on a hill to the rear.
The Koreans fell back, but regrouped at the top of the hill and pinned down the cavalrymen with a screen of fire.
He turned to his platoon.
Goulding's platoon pushed back the enemy soldiers and broke up the timing of the entire enemy attack.
Take the case of Major Marcus A. Reno, who survived the Battle of The Little Big Horn in 1876.
If they were, Walter Lippmann would be writing the same columns as George Sokolsky, and Herb Lock would have nothing to draw cartoons about.
Moreover, as Communist power increases, the enjoyment of these conditions throughout the world diminishes pro rata and the possibility of their restoration becomes increasingly remote.
but if justice for Bantus entails driving the government of the Union of South Africa away from the West, then the Bantus must be prepared to carry their identification cards yet a while longer.
In the recent political campaign two charges were leveled affecting the question of power, and I think we might begin by trying to put them into proper focus.
Add this to the unrest in the countries around us where oppressed peoples would be ready to turn on us at the first opportunity.
But contrary to what was implied during the campaign, prestige is surely not important for its own sake.
Communist gains
To recite the particulars of recent Soviet successes is hardly reassuring.
in almost every particular follow the Kremlin's foreign policy line.
Opportunities missed
The first rattle of the machine guns, at 7:10 in the evening, roused around me the varied voices and faces of fear.
To my room?
Or was it another revolt inside Vientiane?
But everyone I met had sought cover first and asked questions later.
Throughout the land their hit-and-run terrorists spread fear of ambush and death.
What matters here is family loyalty;
To many a Frenchman -- they came 95 years ago, colonized, and stayed until Laos became independent in 1953 -- the land had been even more delightfully tranquil than Tahiti.
In the end we ran into Communist artillery fire.
To go outside the few cities required permits.
Prince wears ten-gallon hat
Then off again, rushing to keep up.
We have 2,500 such projects, and they add up to a lot more than just roads and wells and schools.
The Prime Minister paid his respects to the Buddhist monks, strode rapidly among the houses, joked with the local soldiery, and made a speech.
In the village of Soukhouma, which means "Peaceful", we had a baci.
Those souls like to wander off, and must be called back.
"Being Jewish gives you tremendous drive", a boy remarked.
it's to be a good person".
The reason offered for clinging to the ancestral faith lacked force and authority even in the teen-agers'minds.
This is, no doubt, inaccurate, but it does convey how isolated she feels among the vast army of the nonobservant.
The motivations for both sexes, to be sure, are different.
One of the reasons for the high percentage of Jewish teen-agers in college is that a great many urban Jews are enabled to attend local colleges at modest cost.
The consequence of this is that the girls at Brooklyn College outnumber the boys and do somewhat better academically.
For most Brooklyn College students, college is at once a perpetuation of their ethnic attachments and a breaking away from the cage of neighborhood and family.
The domestic tentacles even extend to the choice of a major field.
Although Brooklyn College does not yet have a junior-year-abroad program, a good number of students spend summers in Europe.
"Witt House happily announces the engagement of Fran Horowitz to Erwin Schwartz of Fife House".
Or she might place cornstarch in the oven for a short time and then apply this under her breasts.
Another swore by vinegar baths for burns, and still another recommended salted butter.
One old-timer said to sprinkle sugar on a bleeding cut, even when on a knuckle, if it was made by a rusty tool;
His brother ran a mile to get the father;
Rabies were cured or prevented by "madstones" which the pioneer wore or carried.
Felons were cured by taking common salt and drying it in the oven, pounding it fine, and mixing it with equal parts of spirits of turpentine;
so small as to be scarcely visible to the eye, they buried themselves in the victim's flesh.
Bed slats were washed in alum water, legs of beds were placed in cups of kerosene, and all woodwork was treated liberally with corrosive sublimate, applied with a feather.
For erysipelas a mixture of one dram borax and one ounce glycerine was applied to the afflicted part on linen cloth.
Boils have always been a source of much trouble.
Another wart removal method was to rub each wart with a bean split open and then to bury the bean halves under the drip of the house for seven days.
the onion was then fastened together with string and placed beneath a dripping eave.
In instances where both of these are persons or firms with integrity, the situation is ideal.
There is nothing infra dig about a good blend from a good shipper.
Faced, on the one hand, with an always exhaustible supply of his best wines, and on the other by a clientele usually equipped with inexhaustible pocketbooks, it is a wonder indeed that all wine waiters are not afflicted with chronic ambivalence.
Too much dampness in the cellar rots the corks, again with ill effects.
many people go to extreme lengths in decanting, chilling or warming, or banishing without further investigation any bottle with so much as a slightly suspicious cork.
This invariably effaces any wine's character, and drives its fragrance underground.
but the first glass of Chateau d'Yquem or Montrachet is a great deal better than the last"!
Many people use wicker cradles for old red wine, lifting the bottle carefully from the bin into the cradle and eventually to the table, without disturbing the sediment.
Some clarets do not come into their own until they are ten or fifteen years of age, or even more.
If sold then, the land and improvements might bring only $5,000.
A disposition to exert themselves for my benefit would perhaps be a motive with some of them to come into the scheme.
I have also taken the old servants of your father as a matter of Conscience & Justice".
Thus twenty "black souls" were to remain ignorant of their imminent journey to the land of free men.
His brothers'anger caused Palfrey genuine concern, for he had imposed a dual mission upon himself: to free his slaves, and to keep the family from falling apart over the issue.
She agreed to take charge of five or six of the Negroes should Palfrey decide to send them north immediately.
He had a short private talk with each adult slave.
When a sailing date of March, 1845 was finally established, Palfrey made sure that the Negroes would have comfortable quarters in New Orleans and aboard ship.
Giffen filed a petition for permission to emancipate four slaves (all more than fifty years old) with the St. Martin's Parish Police Jury.
But certainly the New Frontier has brought to Washington a group more varied in background and interest.
Secretary of Defense Robert McNamara, former President of the Ford Motor Company, comes from a generation different from that of Eisenhower's own first Secretary of Defense, Charles Wilson, who had been head of General Motors.
) Mrs. Arthur Goldberg, wife of the Secretary of Labor, paints professionally and helps sponsor the Associated Artists'Gallery in the District of Columbia.
They arrived in Washington about the same time during the early postwar years: Kennedy as the young Congressman from Massachusetts;
Already the President and the First Lady have deputized him to advise on matters ranging from the furnishing of the White House to the renovation of Lafayette Square.
One tempest was stirred up last March when Udall announced that an eight-and-a-half-foot bronze statue of William Jennings Bryan, sculpted by the late Gutzon Borglum, would be sent "on indefinite loan" to Salem, Illinois, Bryan's birthplace.
"Washington", President Kennedy has been heard to remark ironically, "is a city of southern efficiency and northern charm".
But it soon became clear that the search for eighteenth-century furniture (which Mrs. Kennedy feels is the proper period for the White House) must be pursued in places other than government storage rooms.
Woman's place is in the home: man must attend to matters of the yard.
Logically, it should be moved downtown.
The Dartmouth student does not live in monastic seclusion, as he once did.
It even affects the faculty.
This is in honor of John Ledyard, class of 1773, who scooped a canoe out of a handy tree and first set the course way back in his own student days.
Here, at the Ravine Lodge, President Dickey acts as host every year to about a hundred freshmen who are being introduced by the Dartmouth Outing Club to life on the trails.
Their affection for their college home has even caused President Dickey to comment on this "place loyalty" as something rather specially Hanoverian.
"It is, sir, as I have said, a small college, and yet there are those who love it.
The exuberance on this occasion set a standard for subsequent Dartmouth gatherings.
By 1907 the number of undergraduates had risen to 1,107.
However, three distinguished associated graduate schools offer professional curriculums -- the Dartmouth Medical School (third oldest in the country and founded in 1797), the Thayer School of Engineering, and the Amos Tuck School of Business Administration.
Today it espouses certain ideas in its curriculum that other institutions might consider somewhat breathtaking.
If police had checked on her more thoroughly than is indicated, she would be completely eliminated as a suspect.
Notice, Knowlton did not say that he would have obtained a conviction in the trial of Lizzie Borden.
The dinner hour there was twelve noon.
From that point on he said he went to the post office and then walked leisurely to where his niece was staying, more than a mile away.
The screen door was unlocked for some ten or fifteen minutes while Bridget was sick in the back.
His unconcerned stroll down the side of the house to a pear tree, with crowds already gathering in front of the building and Sawyer guarding the side door, was odd.
"The police soon ceased to look upon either Bridget or Mr. Morse as in possession of guilty knowledge.
Lizzie, actually, never named any suspect.
He said he had not heard of anybody else.
The legend as it exists in Fall River today always includes the solemn assurance that Bridget returned to Ireland after the trial with a "big bundle" of cash which Lizzie gave her for keeping her mouth shut.
The daughter profited from his interest in scientific and philosophical subjects.
He recalled Lucy, as "a bright-looking black-eyed young lady who came regularly through the boys'study hall to join the class in Greek in the little recitation room beyond".
Mathematics came next".
Who won is not revealed, but Winslow's daughter Eleanor says they got up to 1,212 words.
"Their house", writes Albert S. Flint, "was always a haven of hospitality and good cheer, especially grateful to one like myself far from home".
Here was a cause she believed in.
Many a student was able to remain at Spelman, only because of her unobtrusive help.
Yet they thrived on it.
The raising of the $25,000 Improvement Fund two days before the time limit expired, and the spontaneous "praise demonstration" held afterward on the campus, were reported as events which had brought happiness to Miss Giles.
The daughters of Spelman, she said, had never known or thought of Spelman without her.
She helped with teaching as well as office work for a few years -- the catalogues show that she had classes in geography, rhetoric and bookkeeping.
In a few school districts one finds a link between school and job.
In a few places cooperative programs between schools and employers in clerical work have shown the same possibilities for allowing the student, while still in school, to develop skills which are immediately marketable upon graduation.
In a later chapter dealing with the suburban school, I shall discuss the importance of arranging a program for the academically talented and highly gifted youth in any high school where he is found.
I believe the situation is improving, but the success stories need to be heavily publicized.
Third, the significance of the vocational courses is that those enrolled are keenly interested in the work;
They are in this sense skills marketable immediately on graduation from high school.
In this respect, public education in the large cities differs from education in the smaller cities and consolidated school districts.
One has to talk confidentially with some of the directors of vocational high schools to realize that a boy cannot just say, "I want to be a plumber", and then, by doing good work, find a job.
"He'll have no difficulty", I was told.
The soybean seed is the most important leguminous food in the world.
Cereal grains, supplemented with soybeans or dry edible peas or beans, comprise about two-thirds or three-fourths of the diet in parts of Asia and Africa.
The efficiency with which animals convert grains and forages to meat has risen steadily in the United States since the 1930's and has paralleled the increased feeding of the cake and meal that are a byproduct when seeds are processed for oil.
Palm oil protects the surfaces of steel sheets before they are plated with tin.
In other countries where cereal grains are not among the principal crops of a region, starchy tubers or roots are processed for starch.
Locust gum is added to pulp slurries to break up the lumps of fibers in making paper.
World production of copra, the oil-bearing flesh of the coconut, was a little more than 3 million tons in 1959.
Seeds of the sago palm are used in Bermuda to make heads and faces of dolls sold to tourists.
Still another group of seeds (sometimes tiny, dry, seed-bearing fruits) provide distinctive flavors and odors to foods, although the nutrients they supply are quite negligible.
Coffee is made from the roasted and ground seeds of the coffee tree.
Beer was brewed by the Babylonians and Egyptians more than 6 thousand years ago.
More than 11 thousand business establishments in the United States were based on cereals and oilseeds in 1954.
These became "strays", the term bein'restricted to cattle, however, as hosses, under like circumstances, were spoken of as "stray hosses", not merely "strays".
The wholesale death of cattle as a result of blizzards, and sometimes droughts, over a wide range of territory was called a "die-up".
Hereford cattle were often called "white faces", or "open-face cattle", and the old-time cowman gave the name of "hothouse stock" to them newly introduced cattle.
The term soon became used and applied to all stolen animals.
They were said to be "on their heads" when grazin'.
"Tailin'" was the throwin'of an animal by the tail in lieu of a rope.
Seizin'the bull by the tail, he rushed his hoss forward and a little to one side, throwin'the bull off balance, and "bustin'"'im with terrific force.
This word was from the Spanish, meanin'"polecat".
This led to the famous sayin'in the Northwest of the "books won't freeze".
Again it was used as the title for the hoss wrangler, and when the order was given to go out and "rustle the hosses", it meant for'im to go out and herd'em in.
"That's the Colonel", he said, "But I can't see the dogs".
A motley pack, chosen for effectiveness, not beauty.
It came from the top of the Reef not half a mile away.
He couldn't get away from her in this kind of ground.
It was falling over her head when a branch of a bush caught it and it fell in front of her on the rock.
Although she appeared more subdued and defeated, Jones knew she was growing more dangerous.
"Ain't she a beauty, though"?
If dark came they would lose her.
She took refuge on a tongue of land extending into a gully, crouched at the base of a thorn tree, and waited for them to come up.
Again she snarled, and again he edged.
A Western cowpony had outrun an African lion, from a standing start.
When Jones too drew away, she returned to a thorn bush in the neck of land running into the gully, crouched low and waited as before.
The missionary obligation to proclaim the gospel to all the world was once left to zealous individuals and voluntary societies.
Until they see the ecumenical movement in terms of the difference it makes in their own attitudes, programs, and relationships, it will have an inevitable aspect of unreality.
One is that whatever is ecumenical has to do with some over-all organization at "the top" and needs only to be understood at the so-called "lower levels".
How far the fellowship in most local churches falls below what the New Testament means by koinonia!
Of course, the perspective of those who are dealing directly with the world-wide problems of the People of God will always be different from the perspective of those who are dealing with the nearby problems of particular persons in a particular place.
He often spoke of them as his "ecumenical" glasses and used them as a symbol of the kind of vision that is required in the church.
The parish lives for itself rather than for the community or the world.
And it is easy for the ecumenical enthusiast to lose sight of how basic all this is.
We shall not make a decisive advance in the ecumenical movement until such a church begins to see itself not merely as a haven of comfort and peace but as a base of Christian witness and mission to the world.
A local church which conceives its function to be entirely that of ministering to the conscious desires and concerns of its members tends to look on everything ecumenical as an extra, not as a normal aspect of its own life as a church.
G'ahn back home!
Boys no longer bothered learning to bunt and even school kids scorned to "choke up" on a bat as Willie Keeler and the famous hitters of another day had done.
(This made a sportswriter named Pegler wonder in print if Art had worn this armament when he defeated his manager.
While fifty years before, Albert Goodwill Spalding, secretary of the Chicago Ball Club of the National League, could write earnestly to the manager of the Buffalo club and request a guarantee of one hundred dollars for a baseball game in August, in this Golden Era a game at the Yankee Stadium might bring in nearly a hundred thousand dollars at the gate.
But, as he snarled unhappily when the inning was over, "not a sonofabitch in the place would tell me", so little Tommy ran all the way home.
Radio, however, so increased the interest of women in the game that it was hardly necessary even to have "Ladies'Days" any longer to enable men to get to the ball park without interference at home.
The adolescent experiences identity crises in terms of time perspective vs. time diffusion.
In the specific case of time diffusion, we must emphasize the significance of the earlier development of mistrust when it is combined with the inevitable time crisis experienced by most (if not all) adolescents in our society, and with the failure of the adolescent period to provide opportunities for developing trust.
The attitudes of some unwed mothers quoted in Chapter 2, revealed both considerable preoccupation with being accepted by others and a marked absence of self-certainty.
whether to pursue a college education or a job after high school;
As their identity diffusion increased, they became more susceptible to sporadic diversions in love and sexual affairs.
Adolescents have a much-discussed tendency to polarize ideas and values, to perceive things as "either-or", black or white -- nuances of meaning are relatively unimportant.
In another sense, it is represented in the arguments of the "true believers" who seek to disprove the validity of all other beliefs and ideas in order to retain confidence in theirs.
An estimate of one million dollars is probably not excessive.
the duplication of testimony and exhibits;
But he felt that the Selden case was being unfairly pilloried.
Parker called for abolition of the indiscriminate or uncontrolled right of taking depositions before officers of the court who had no authority to limit testimony.
There is little doubt that they were promulgated by the Supreme Court as a direct result of the Selden patent suit.
The fluidity and momentum of the young industry abetted a general disregard of patent claims.
But Henry Ford used the planetary transmission in his Model T and earlier cars and, in 1905, as a precautionary measure, took out a license from the man who claimed to be its inventor.
Hanch was treasurer of the Nordyke & Marmon Company, an Indianapolis firm which had manufactured flour-milling machinery before producing the Marmon car in 1904.
He was well aware that some inventors and their allies used their patents solely for nuisance value.
Retrace your steps a few yards on the Via Di Santa Sabina and turn right on the Via Di S. Alessio, a street lined with stately homes.
You will realize why Rome is indeed the Eternal City.
It's typical of Rome that in the midst of this rather poor area you should find such an artistic work in the center of a little square.
Just a few yards to the right on the Via Capo Di Ferro will bring you to the Palazzo Spada, built in 1540 and now occupied by the Council of State.
The gardens of the palazzo, shaded by a huge magnolia tree, are most attractive.
As you approach the church on the Via D. Baullari you are passing within yards of the remains of the Roman Theatre of Pompey, near which is believed to have been the place where Julius Caesar was assassinated.
In the Piazza Navona there are many delightful cafes where you can sit, have a drink or lunch, and watch the fountains in the square.
You are now facing the Pantheon, the largest and best-preserved building still standing from the days of ancient Rome.
) The curve of faded terra-cotta-colored houses in front of the church seems like a stage set.
You will come to Alemagna, a delightful, though moderately expensive restaurant, which is particularly noted for its exceptional selection of ice creams and patisseries.
It is hard, on the other hand, to blame the policeman, blank, good-natured, thoughtless, and insuperably innocent, for being such a perfect representative of the people he serves.
The white policeman standing on a Harlem street corner finds himself at the very center of the revolution now occurring in the world.
Negroes want to be treated like men: a perfectly straightforward statement, containing only seven words.
they do not move to New York, they move to Harlem.
and that they can ignore what is happening in Northern cities because what is happening in Little Rock or Birmingham is worse.
but I do not believe that these examples are meant to be used as justification for our own crimes.
Negroes represent nothing to him personally, except, perhaps, the dangers of carnality.
It is a terrible, an inexorable, law that one cannot deny the humanity of another without diminishing one's own: in the face of one's victim, one sees oneself.
I was curious about the impact of this political assassination on Negroes in Harlem, for Lumumba had -- has -- captured the popular imagination there.
One has only, for example, to walk through Harlem and ask oneself two questions.
Color was delayed until 1935, the wide screen until the early fifties.
the head dropped off;
Narrative time and film time
So is the time of the novel.
the cinematic element of time is merely used to increase the realism of an object which would still be reasonably realistic in a still photo.
The material of the Porter film is simplicity itself;
In that apparently simple shift Porter opened the way to the sensitive use of the camera as an instrument of art as well as a mechanical recording device.
This is what Porter did.
The cowboy films, the cops and robbers films, and the slapstick comedy films culminating in an insane chase are not only catering to what critics may assume to be a vulgar taste for violence;
Staggeringly condensed versions of famous novels and famous plays were presented.
that is, when it can preserve economic integration.
The key to Protestant development, therefore, is economic integration of the nucleus of the congregation.
The vulnerability of Protestant congregations to social differences has often been attributed to the "folksy spirit" of Protestant religious life;
theologians have been stressing the fact that the Church does not exist for its own sake but as a testimony in the world for the healing of the world.
one study in Pittsburgh, however, has illuminated the situation.
the lay ministry is a means to recruit like-minded people who will strengthen the social class nucleus of the congregation.
Economic integration ceases when the social and economic statuses in an area become too mixed or conflict with the status of the congregation.
It now becomes evident that the denominational church is intimately involved with the economy of middle-class culture, for it serves to crystallize the social class identity of middle-class residential groupings.
This interpretation of the role of residence in the economy of middle-class culture could lead to various projections for the churches.
What goes on in the cage will occupy our attention under the rubric of the organization church.
Traders from the English colonies were far more generous, and Indian loyalty turned to them.
Dependent upon it were posts on the lower Mississippi and the region westward to the frontiers of New Spain.
The habitants were to be encouraged to trade and were to dispose of their pelts to the concessionaires.
These deerskins were the raw material for the manufacture of leather, and were the only articles which the tribes of this district had to exchange for European goods.
Venturesome traders, however, continued to come to them from Mobile, and to obtain a considerable number of pelts for the French markets.
For two years his friend and cousin, Boisbriant, remained as acting governor and could do little to stem the Anglican advance.
The savages divided into two factions;
Perier finally, in one last bid in 1730, cut the price of goods to an advance of 40 per cent above the cost in France.
Company rule in Louisiana left the colony without fortifications, arms, munitions, or supplies.
With no company to interfere, he kept close control over all the traders.
Labor restrains undue brutality toward the Labor Department;
they are also probably ungrateful for Uncle's Sam's bounty.
its embassies are expected to supply him with reams of local money to pay his way;
One year the Department collected a file of case histories to document its argument that men in the field were paying the government's entertainment bills out of personal income.
So was the attack upon Charles E. Bohlen when Eisenhower appointed him Ambassador to Moscow.
This, in turn, brought a new fashion in senatorial criticism as the Democrats took control.
Here are hatched plans for getting a share of the American bounty, the secret of the anti-missile missile, or an invitation to dinner.
Where they had affected the bleak social style of embalmers'assistants, Menshikov went abroad gorgeous in white tie and tails.
At the State Department, hard-bitten Russian experts complained that the Capitol was out of its wits.
"But bring it right back.
The sheik smiled and murmured: "That is precisely correct".
They are trying to demonstrate some different ways of teaching and learning.
There is much more freedom in the schools here than I expected -- some think too much.
It will be painful, but interesting, to see what kind of a god these people will create or what strong convictions they will develop.
Kyoto is the ancient capital of Japan and still its cultural center.
I was amazed at the very poor hospital facilities accompanying the medical school.
He had displayed more of them than usual so that I could enjoy them.
In the evening both of the men went with me on the train 30 miles to Osaka to put me on the train for Hiroshima.
They knew that I was still grieving over the tragic event, and they felt that if I could see the recovery and the spirit of the people, who hold no grudge, but who also regret Pearl Harbor, I would be happier and would understand better a new Japan.
It was thrilling to see the effect of an American-trained teacher on Japanese students in a class in Home Planning.
they become skilled in cooking and cleaning and in receiving guests.
After a fine luncheon in the cafeteria, the kitchen of which Masu had planned, Mr. Washizu and I left to meet representatives of the USIS for a visit to the University of Tokyo.
Moreover, prudence alone would indicate that, unless the local customs are already ready to fall when pushed, the results of direct economic action everywhere upon national chain stores will likely be simply to give undue advantage to local and state stores which conform to these customs, leading to greater decentralization and local autonomy within the company, or even (as the final self-defeat of an unjust application of economic pressure to correct injustice) to its going out of business in certain sections of the country (as, for that matter, the Quakers, who once had many meetings in the pre-Civil War South, largely went out of business in that part of the country over the slavery issue, never to recover a large number of southern adherents).
It is clear that non-violent resistance is a mode of action in need of justification and limitation in Christian morality, like any other form of resistance.
and again, that "the object of non-violent resistance is partly analogous to this object of war -- namely, to demoralize the opponent, to break his will, to destroy his confidence, enthusiasm, and hope.
Since the will and word of God are for them concentrated in Christ-like love, it seems clear to them that non-violent resistance is quite another thing.
In these terms, the "economic withdrawal" of the Negroes of Nashville, Tennessee, from trading in the center city, for example, was clearly justified, since these distinctions do not require that only people subjectively guilty be singled out.
They have also led the nation in the direction of a welfare state.
This is puzzling to an outsider conscious of the classic tradition of liberalism, because it is clear that these Democrats who are left-of-center are at opposite poles from the liberal Jefferson, who held that the best government was the least government.
but he presents it publicly so enmeshed in hypocrisy that it is not an honest one.
I do not think that my experience would be typical for Southerners living in the North.
Also, among the latter a large percentage soon acquire the prevalent Southern attitude on most social problems.
and if a poll had been taken immediately following the dispatch of troops to Little Rock I believe the majority would have been for the Old South.
And no doubt many people in states like the Carolinas and Georgia, which were among the most Tory in sentiment in the eighteenth century, bitterly regretted the revolt against the Crown.
For one thing, this is not a subject often discussed or analyzed.
In every war of the United States since the Civil War the South was more belligerent than the rest of the country.
Most of them sincerely believe that the Anglo-Saxon is the best race in the world and that it should remain pure.
By prevailing over other claimants for the loyalties of men, the nation-state maintained an adequate measure of certainty and order within its territorial borders.
His duty was to his sovereign and to his nation, and an extension to peoples beyond the territorial boundaries was not to be contemplated.
For lawyers, reflecting perhaps their parochial preferences, there has been a special fascination since then in the role played by the Supreme Court in that transformation -- the manner in which its decisions altered in "the switch in time that saved nine", President Roosevelt's ill-starred but in effect victorious "Court-packing plan", the imprimatur of judicial approval that was finally placed upon social legislation.
Thirty years ago, while the nation was wallowing in economic depression, the prevailing philosophy of government was to stand aside and allow "natural forces" to operate and cure the distress.
Meeting in New Delhi under the auspices of the International Commission of Jurists, a body of lawyers from the free world, the Congress redefined and expanded the traditional Rule of Law to include affirmative governmental duties.
If internal responsibility suggests acceptance of the socialist ideal of equality, then external responsibility implies adherence to principles of ideological supranationalism.
Historically, however, the concept is one that has been of marked benefit to the people of the Western civilizational group.
Complementing the political principle of nationalism is the legal principle of sovereignty.
High-level abstractions are always difficult to pin down with precision.
What steps have been taken to guard against the one sort of mishap that could trigger the destruction of continents?
In the command centers there are special clocks ready to tick off the minutes elapsed since "E hour".
Already accidental war is a silent guest at the discussions within the Kennedy Administration about the urgency of disarmament and nearly all other questions of national security.
Unanimously they believe that the world would become a safer place if more of us -- and more Russians and Communist Chinese, too -- thought about accidental war.
Telephones, Teletypes, several kinds of radio systems and, in some cases, television, link all vital points.
The President cannot personally remove the safety devices from every nuclear trigger.
In an emergency he would receive available intelligence on the "gold-phone circuit".
NATO headquarters in Europe;
His eyes are steady anchors of the deepest brown.
His consoles can give him instant contact with more than seventy bases around the world and with every SAC aircraft.
They are supplied, a batch at a time, by a secret source and are continually changed by Wisman or his staff, at random intervals.
As Wisman put it, "They have separate pieces of the pie, and we have the whole pie.
Suddenly, however, their posture changed and the game ended.
At once the whole band set off at a lope.
It is the gait of the human who must run to live: arms dangling, legs barely swinging over the ground, head hung down and only occasionally swinging up to see the target, a loose motion that is just short of stumbling and yet is wonderfully graceful.
With a lordly and generous gesture, the discoverer stood up and beckoned to the closest of his fellows.
It is softened by the saltbush and the bluebush, has a peaceful quality, the hills roll softly.
only -- it did not.
He knows that the economy of life in the "outback" is awful.
It was a difficult and ambiguous kind of negotiation, even though the rancher was said to be expert in his knowledge of the aborigines and their language.
"Once I get out on the flat I do.
The sun was not yet high and all of them were in the small area of shade cast by the boulder.
They'll move around that rock all day, following the shade.
There was something about his face that disturbed me and it took several seconds to realize what.
There was also a boomerang, elaborately carved.
But that is a cliche and a dishonest one.
At the corroborees, when they get to dancing and sweating, you'll see them rubbing up against a man who's supposed to have a specially good smell.
At the heart of all of this was the square, which one such traveler declared to be "as spacious, as pleasant and aromatick a Market as any in the Universe".
But even for them it remains a museum, or perhaps it would be more accurate to say a tomb, a tomb in which Persia lies well preserved but indeed dead.
On Fridays, the day when many Persians relax with poetry, talk, and a samovar, people do not, it is true, stream into Chehel Sotun -- a pavilion and garden built by Shah Abbas 2, in the seventeenth century -- but they do retire into hundreds of pavilions throughout the city and up the river valley, which are smaller, more humble copies of the former.
Not long ago an acquaintance, a slick-headed water rat of a lad up from the maw of the city, stood on the balcony puffing his first cigarette in weeks.
There has probably always been a bridge of some sort at the southeastern corner of the city.
Below, twenty vaults tunnel through the understructure of the bridge.
Crowds press along the terraces, down the steps, in and out of the arcades, massing against it as though it were a fortress under siege.
To a stranger their delight in these things may seem paradoxical, for Persians chase the golden calf as much as any people.
It is perhaps difficult to conceive, but imagine that tonight on London bridge the Teddy boys of the East End will gather to sing Marlowe, Herrick, Shakespeare, and perhaps some lyrics of their own.
"
Seeking an obscure, dark, relatively quiet corner in the airy room otherwise suffused with afternoon sunshine, he asked if the soft background music could be turned off.
Soon he was playing in the Cologne Municipal Orchestra, and during World War 1, when musicians were scarce, he joined the opera orchestra as well.
No, originally he had hoped to become a concert pianist and had even performed as such.
In Frankfurt, too, he directed the Museum and Opera House concerts which, in addition to the standard repertoire, featured novelties like Erdmann's Piano Concerto and Mahler's Sixth Symphony.
Since 1944 he has also conducted regularly at the San Francisco Opera, where he made his debut with a memorable performance of Verdi's Falstaff.
The forthcoming season in Pittsburgh also promises to be of unusual interest.
"Now that Bruno Walter is virtually in retirement and my dear friend Dimitri Mitropoulos is no longer with us, I am probably the only one -- with the possible exception of Leonard Bernstein -- who has this special affinity for and champions the works of Bruckner and Mahler".
"As my wife puts it", he said, again with a twinkle in his eyes, "all you know is your music.
I was chairman, the only not youthful participant.
"Would you advise us to act the same way?
All expressed interest in world affairs but no one offered to make any sacrifices to satisfy this interest.
Accordingly, they took special pains to preserve their papers as essential sources for posterity.
Commanding the Continental Army for six long years of the Revolution, he was the indispensable factor in the ultimate victory.
His collaboration with Washington, begun when he was the general's aide during the Revolution, was resumed when he entered the first Cabinet as Secretary of the Treasury.
Unlike so many of the power-starved intellectuals in underdeveloped nations of our own day, they commanded both prestige and influence before the Revolution started.
Washington never had a chance to work for an extended stretch at the occupation he loved best, plantation management.
Hamilton was bent over his desk, drafting a legal paper by the light of a candle.
The latter in turn assured him that "were I arraigned at the bar, and you my judge, I should expect to stand or fall only by the merits of my cause".
The state's rights position was formulated by Jefferson and Madison in the Kentucky and Virginia Resolves, but in their later careers as heads of state the two proved themselves better Hamiltonians than Jeffersonians.
Thus we are compelled to face the urbanization of the South -- an urbanization which, despite its dramatic and overwhelming effects upon the Southern culture, has been utterly ignored by the bulk of Southern writers.
But the South is, and has been for the past century, engaged in a wide-sweeping urbanization which, oddly enough, is not reflected in its literature.
The field, then, is ripe for new Southerners to step to the fore and write of this twentieth-century phenomenon, the Southern Yankeefication: the new urban economy, the city-dweller, the pains of transition, the labor problems;
Lacking the pioneer spirit necessary to write of a new economy, these writers seem to be contenting themselves with an old one that is now as defunct as Confederate money.
only historical evolution will determine which): an abrupt change.
but they obviously mean by this, not a Negro personality, but a Negro type.
but they can hardly deny that, exaggerated or not, the old panorama is dead.
No Southern novelist has done for Atlanta or Birmingham what Herrick, Dreiser, and Farrell did for Chicago or Dos Passos did for New York.
Faulkner traces, in his vast and overpowering saga of Yoknapatawpha County, the gradual changes which seep into the South, building layer upon layer of minute, subtle innovation which eventually tend largely to hide the Old Way.
Mr. Nikolais has made a distinctive contribution to the arts of costume and decor.
From this being come new movement ideas that utilize dancer and property as a single unit.
An earlier but still influential school of painting, surrealism, had suggested the way of dealing with the dream experience, that event in which seemingly incongruous objects are linked together through the curious associations of the subconscious.
Others look to more objective devices of order.
Some let dances take their form from the experience of creation.
Looking back, Miss Marsicano feels that her ideas may have been influenced by those of Jackson Pollock.
It is through the metamorphosed dancer that the germ of form is discovered.
He bases his approach on the belief that anything can follow anything.
they look straight at the audience, not at each other.
The only factors that are personally set by the choreographer are the movements themselves, the number of the dancers, and the approximate total duration of the dance.
He must construct transitions so that a dancer who is told to lie prone one second and to leap wildly the next will have some physical preparation for the leap.
The difference came down to this: The Southern States insisted that the United States was, in last analysis, what its name implied -- a Union of States.
When it comes to this, I shall prefer emigrating to some country where they make no pretence of loving liberty -- to Russia, for instance, where despotism can be taken pure, without the base alloy of hypocrisy" (His emphasis)
But though each of its members had asserted this right against the Union, the final Constitution which the Confederacy signed on March 11 -- nearly a month before hostilities began -- included no explicit provision authorizing a state to secede.
"we the People of the United States, in order to form a more perfect Union, establish Justice, insure domestic Tranquility, provide for the common Defence, promote the general Welfare, and secure the Blessings of Liberty to ourselves and our Posterity, do ordain and establish this Constitution for the United States of America".
He issued his Emancipation Proclamation only when he felt that necessity left him no other way to save the Union.
To my knowledge, Lincoln remains the only Head of State and Commander-in-Chief who, while fighting a fearful war whose issue was in doubt, proved man enough to say this publicly -- to give his foe the benefit of the fact that in all human truth there is some error, and in all our error, some truth.
Yet though the Southern States lost the worst errors in their case, they did not lose the truth they fought for.
We have ample light when the sun sets;
Most of these, with horrible exceptions, were conceived as is a ship, not as an attempt to quell the ocean of mankind, nor to deny its force, but as a means to survive and enjoy it.
It is difficult to reconstruct the primeval fears of man.
Yet often fear persists because, even with the most rigid ritual, one is never quite free from the uneasy feeling that one might make some mistake or that in every previous execution one had been unaware of the really decisive act.
Solar activities could presumably bring long periods of flood or drought.
If an automobile were approaching him, he would know what was required of him, even though he might not be able to act quickly enough.
We talk about national character in the same way that Copernicus talked of the compulsions of celestial bodies to move in circles.
Apparently the population as a whole eventually acquires enough confidence in the explanations of the scientists to modify its procedures and its fears.
In fact, insofar as science generates any fear, it stems not so much from scientific prowess and gadgets but from the fact that new unanswered questions arise, which, until they are understood, create uncertainty.
Even so astute a commentator as Harold Clurman of The Nation has said that "Waiting For Godot" is "the concentrate of the contemporary European mood of despair".
Beckett's appearance is rough-hewn Irish.
The voice is light in timbre, with a rough edge that corresponds to his visage.
"The confusion is not my invention.
When Heidegger and Sartre speak of a contrast between being and existence, they may be right, I don't know, but their language is too philosophical for me.
I granted this might be so, but found the result to be even more attention to form than was the case previously.
The latter is not reduced to the former.
"Not this.
"Yes.
At the beginning of the play she has partial illumination and at the end she has complete illumination, but there has been no question but that she moves toward the dark.
It was at my first Communion.
When you pass a church on an Irish bus, all the hands flurry in the sign of the cross.
I left the party as soon as possible and got into a taxi.
but there is also compassion.
Hemingway's fiction is supported by a "moral" backbone and in its search for ultimate meaning hints at a religious dimension.
it is Astarte, Ishtar, Venus, Yahwe, Dionysus, Christ, the mysterious and divine orgone energy flowing through the body of the universe.
Unlike the heroes and flappers of the lost generation, they disdain the art of "necking" and "petting".
What they are after is the beatific vision.
It is not a substitute for sex but a dynamic expression of the creative impulse in unfettered man.
Apart from the categorical imperative they derive from the metaphysics of the orgasm, the only affirmation they are capable of making is that art is their only refuge.
It is sex that obsesses them, sex that is at the basis of their aesthetic creed.
Boredom is death.
They are full of contempt for the institution of matrimony.
The women who come to West Venice, having forsaken radicalism, are interested in living only for the moment, in being constantly on the move.
For drugs are in themselves no royal road to creativity.
On these posts the gates swung open with a squeak and shut with a metallic clang.
Another had ended before it began.
Once, then -- for how many years or how few does not matter -- my world was bound round by fences, when I was too small to reach the apple tree bough, to twist my knee over it and pull myself up.
These my grandmother left in their places (they are still there, more persistent and longer-lived than the generations of man) and planted others like them, that flourished without careful tending.
More potent a charm to bring back that time of life than this record of a few pictures and a few remembered facts would be a catalogue of the minutiae which are of the very stuff of the mind, intrinsic, because they were known in the beginning not by the eye alone but by the hand that held them.
Every morning early, in the summer, we searched the trunks of the trees as high as we could reach for the locust shells, carefully detached their hooked claws from the bark where they hung, and stabled them, a weird faery herd, in an angle between the high roots of the tulip tree, where no grass grew in the dense shade.
They never troubled themselves about us while we were playing, because the fence formed such a definite boundary and "Don't go outside the gate" was a command so impossible of misinterpretation.
Sleepily, as if half-reluctant to break the silence, he lifted his voice: "Rhu-beb-ni-ice nice fresh rhu-beb today"!
The streets of any county town were like this on any sunshiny afternoon in summer;
It is worth dwelling in some detail on the crisis of this story, because it brings together a number of characteristic elements and makes of them a curious, riddling compound obscurely but centrally significant for Mann's work.
a modulation described as "almost a stroke of genius".
the bringing together around it of the secret liaison between indolent, mindless sensuality and sharp, shrewd talent, cleverness with an occasional touch of genius (which, however, does not know "how to attack the problem of suffering");
The specific analogy to the dilemma of love is the problem of the "breakthrough" in the realm of art.
Something of this can be learned from "The Way To The Churchyard" (1901), an anecdote about an old failure whose fit of anger at a passing cyclist causes him to die of a stroke or seizure.
But the highroad, according to the description of its traffic, belongs to life as it is lived in unawareness of death, while the way to the churchyard belongs to some other sort of life: a suffering form, an existence wholly comprised in the awareness of death.
His rage assumes a religious form;
Piepsam calls the cyclist "cur" and "puppy" among other things, and at the crisis of his fit a little fox-terrier stands before him and howls into his face.
his end is ridiculous and trivial.
he is simply thrown out of the shop by the porter.
The person of the artist becomes a final bastion of meaning in a world rendered meaningless by the march of events and the decay of classical religious and philosophical systems.
The word "mimesis" ("imitation") is usually associated with Plato and Aristotle.
Following the theme of Incarnation in the Gospels, the Christian artist and critic sees in the most commonplace and ordinary events "figures" of divine power and reality.
The images themselves, like their counterparts in experience, are not neutral qualities to be surveyed dispassionately;
These are like the initial ways in which the world forces itself upon the self and thrusts the self into decision and choice.
Gone is the tabula rasa of the mind.
As long as perception is seen as composed only of isolated sense data, most of the quality and interconnectedness of existence loses its objectivity, becomes an invention of consciousness, and the result is a philosophical scepticism.
But with the renewal of interference in 1954 (as with its beginning in 1835), the improvement was impaired.
But people can't be made to integrate, socialize (the two are inseparable by Southern standards) by law.
Prohibition was the law of the land, but it was unpopular (how many of us oldsters took up drinking in prohibition days, drinking was so gay, so fashionable, especially in the sophisticated Northeast!
That regional peculiarities do not still exist?
You've already sent your daughter to Miss X's select academy for girls and your son to Mr. Y's select academy for boys, and you can be as liberal as you please with strict impunity.
If these people were denied a voice (do they have a moral right to a voice?
Complicity is an embarrassing word.
But didn't they get off too easy?
But can one, really?
New England, as everyone knows, has long been schoolmaster to the Nation.
they had less immigration to contend with.
In the following sketch we shall present a brief outline of his life and let him as much as possible speak for himself.
He gives us an account of this in his lively and humorous poem, "The Happy Artists".
strongly colorful, plastic, racy, vivid.
The supreme object of their lives is now fulfilled, says the wife, her husband has achieved immortality.
What he really wants is to find "a sacred cause" to which he can honestly devote himself.
Like his friend and contemporary August Strindberg he had little patience with collective mediocrity.
on the fatal battlefield of Poltava, to quote from the novel, "the wreath he twined for himself slipped down upon his people".
The Charles Men has a tremendous range of characters, of common folk even more than of major figures.
There are, however, some wonderful chapters at the beginning of the second part, concerning the reactions of the Swedes in adversity.
This is brought out in the next to last chapter of the book, "A Hero's Funeral", written in the form of an impassioned prose poem.
Especially touching is the chapter, "The Little Sister", about a king's daughter who became a nun in the convent of St. Birgitta.
On the other hand, the fictional detective does not break strikes or handle divorce cases;
In this way, the private detective gets the best of two possible worlds.
Thus the transformation of Adam Smith's ideal entrepreneur into a mythological detective coincides closely with the decline of the real entrepreneur in economic life.
If he is good, he may not be legal;
Holmes rebels against the social conventions of his day not on moral but rather on aesthetic grounds.
Why do the police find Holmes "unorthodox"?
In the modern English "whodunnit", this insinuation of latent criminality in the detective himself has almost entirely disappeared.
Surrounded by crime and violence everywhere, the "hardboiled" private eye can retain his purity only through a life of self-imposed isolation.
virtue is its own and only reward.
Perry Mason and Hamilton Burger, Nero Wolfe and Inspector Cramer spend more time fighting each other than they do in looking for the criminal.
That society responds by condemning the private eye as a threat to the status quo, a potential criminal.
He kills when he pleases, takes his women where he finds them and always acts as judge, jury and executioner rolled into one.
On this basis, certain extreme kinds of networks will be discussed for illustrative purposes.
The completeness of the connections provide that, for N people, there are Af lines of communication between the pairs, which can become a large number (1,225) for a party of fifty guests.
In Figure 2, the points in the network are designated by a letter accompanied by a number.
They also furnish proof that, in modern war, message sending must be monitored.
The same command is repeated as many times as there are levels in rank from general to corporal.
In contrast to cocktail parties, military organizations, even in the field, are more formal.
The number of people acting as one body by this scheme gives a surprisingly large army of 55,987 men.
This is an unsolved problem which probably has never been seriously investigated, although one frequently hears the comment that we have insufficient specialists of the kind who can compete with the Germans or Swiss, for example, in precision machinery and mathematics, or the Finns in geochemistry.
Those familiar with his work will remember that he placed the incipience of the democratic faith at around 1850.
And let me add, utopianism, also.
What had happened to the common man?
And it is clearly argued by Lord Percy of Newcastle, in his remarkable long essay, The Heresy Of Democracy, and in a more general way by Voegelin, in his New Science Of Politics, that this same Rousseauan idea, descending through European democracy, is the source of Marx's theory of the dictatorship of the proletariat.
In 1952, it will be remembered, the G.O.P. without positive program campaigned on the popular disillusionment with liberal leadership and won overwhelmingly.
Obviously there has been no agreement on what American conservatism is, or rather, what it should be.
I will mention two volumes of specific comment on this malaise that appeared last year.
But the most notable thing about the incantation of these ex-liberals was that the one-time shibboleth of socialism was conspicuously absent.
As symptomatic of the common man's malaise, he is most significant: a liberal and a Catholic, elected by the skin of his teeth.
Should the accelerating growth of technology then warn us?
We have proved so able to solve technological problems that to contend we cannot realize a universal goal in the immediate future is to be extremely shortsighted, if nothing else.
At first glance this appears strange: of all people, was not America founded by rugged individualists who established a new way of life still inspiring "undeveloped" societies abroad?
But even if we cannot see the repulsive characteristics in this new image of America, foreigners can;
Some forms of capitalism do indeed work -- superb organizations, a credit to any society.
Ideally speaking, it should be allowed to operate only where the public has a great stake in the continuity of supply or services, and where the actions of a single proprietor are secondary to the needs of society.
Proprietorships can establish a unity and integrity of control;
The right to leave legacies should be substantially reduced and ultimately eliminated.
The battle is not easy.
Its growth continues steadily on a par with past growth;
Demagogues of this sort found communist bogeys lurking behind any new idea that would run counter to stereotyped notions.
Seemingly, with an unrestricted flow of ideas, all will be well, and we are even assured that "an idea a day will keep the sheriff away".
True, ideas are important, perhaps life's most precious treasures.
What of his treatment of the Jew in The Merchant Of Venice?
No Jew was on hand to boycott his financially struggling theater.
If living Jews were unavailable for study, the Bible was at hand.
Shakespeare's Shylock, too, is of dubious value in the modern world.
If a child had a single drop of Negro blood, he would revert to the ancestral line which, except as slaves under a superior race, had not made one step of progress in 3,000 years.
For several generations much fiction has appeared dealing with the steprelationship.
But ideas, just for the sake of having them, are not enough.
But what a super-Herculean task it is to winnow anything of value from the mud-beplastered arguments used so freely, particularly since such common use is made of cliches and stereotypes, in themselves declarations of intellectual bankruptcy.
But it is a clumsy and wasteful process: it can produce negative results but not much that is positive.
And for the first time a representative of the highest office in the land would have been liable to the charge that he had attempted to make it a successorship by inheritance.
It was a response to the conflict between political pressure and the moral intuition which resulted in attempts at prediction.
It is of the utmost importance to the people of America and of the world how their governing President "ends up" during the four years of his term.
"I may possibly be a greater risk than is the normal person of my age", the President had said on February 29th of the election year, ignoring the fact that no one of his age had ever lived out another term.
He ascribes to the mercy of God the peace which this personal matter -- the assurance that he can physically sustain the burden of the office longer than any individual in the history of our nation has been able to do -- has brought him.
When the possibility that he had not given reconsideration to so weighty a decision seemed to disconcert his questioners, Mr. Eisenhower was known to make his characteristic statement to the press that he was not going to talk about the matter any more.
In the incessant struggle with recalcitrant political fact he learns to focus the essence of a problem in the significant detail, and to articulate the distinctions which clarify the detail as significant, with what is sometimes astounding rapidity.
In his recent evaluation of Kennedy's potentialities for leadership, Walter Lippmann has cited the "precision" of his mind, his "immense command" of factual detail, and his "instinct for the crucial point" as impressive in the extreme;
For the answer cannot be derived from any socially cohesive element in the disrupting community.
The third type, however, wrenches attention from the life of action and interests in the community and focuses it on the ground of being on which the community depends for its existence.
Indeed, it is probable that this point is reached the moment the third level of change begins.
Civilization is what man has made of himself.
Thus with regard to the loss of tradition, in the change from order to disorder the metaphysics of change works itself out as a disruption of the individual soul, a change in which man continues as an objective ontological existent, but no longer as a man.
The retention of a tradition confronted with such a crisis necessitates the introduction of new spiritual forces into the situation.
The process of erosion need only undermine the tradition and a series of consequences begin unfolding within the individual, while in institutions a quiet but deep transformation of processes occurs.
Its essence lies in its attempt to recover previous order through the repression of disruptive forces.
Their great error is to mingle the responses typical of each of the three types of change.
When the reactionary response is thus bolstered by an intellectual defense, the characteristics of that defense are explicable only in terms of the basic attitudes of unanalyzed reaction.
I am not making a clinical judgment here, for such personal tragedies are real and are commonplace in the analyst's consulting room, but literature makes a different claim upon our sympathies than tragedy in life.
The best gifts of the novelist will be wasted on the reader who is insulated against any surprises the novelist may have in store for him.
The child grows rich on his winnings and conspires with his uncle to make secret gifts of his money to his mother.
The rocking has the ambiguous function of keeping the erotic undercurrent silent and making it present;
We have so completely entered the child's fantasy that his illness and his death are the plausible and the necessary conclusion.
He has been seduced by the marvels of the unconscious and has lost interest in studying the surfaces of character.
In both the farmer's tale in Ralph Ellison's Invisible Man and in Thomas Mann's The Holy Sinner, the incest hero rises above the myth by accepting the wish as motive;
He is born in secrecy after the death of his father and cast adrift soon after birth.
In the last pages of the book Sibylla comes to Rome to seek an audience with the great Pope and to give her confession.
but Leger, Arp, Lipchitz and Alexander Calder, at the time, gave him their blessing.
I played on it my secret songs, unexplained, passionate and peaceful".
Instead of this the 1930's witnessed a tragic economic depression, the rise of Fascist dictators in Europe, the wasting Civil War in Spain.
"I truly smelled blood, death, heaps of corpses everywhere".
In June, 1940, Sergeant Helion, with a company of reserve troops waiting to go into battle, was sketching the hills south of the Loire River, when the war suddenly rolled in upon him.
In secret he also acted as a member of the prisoners'Central Committee, which plotted sabotage, planned a few escapes, and maintained a hidden control over the wretched French slave-laborers.
Marquet held my briefcase;
To escape from a prison camp required a very special state of mind;
And, he added: "During the many months in prison camp, all abstract images vanished from my mind".
They reincarnated the figures of human beings banished from his canvases since the 1920's.
If the barn-burner's family produces a Flem Snopes, who personifies commercialism and materialism in hyperbolic crassness, the Compson family produces a Jason Compson 4.
The fact that he has cast over those materials the light of a skeptical mind does not make him any the less Southern, I rather think, for the South has been no more solid than other regions except in the political and related areas where patronage and force and intimidation and fear may produce a surface uniformity.
To believe otherwise would be unrealistic.
As they looked with nostalgia to a society which had been swept away, they were probably no more than half-conscious that they painted in colors which had never existed.
The chief literary antecedents of the Snopes clan appeared in the realistic, humorous writing which originated in the South and the Southwest in the three decades before the Civil War.
Such a comparison reminds us that in employing low characters in his works Faulkner is recording actuality in the South and moreover is following a long-established literary precedent.
This text from Dr. Huxley is sometimes used by enthusiasts to indicate that they have the permission of the scientists to press the case for a wonderful unfoldment of psychic powers in human beings.
He is a dreamer of the good society with a plan to put into effect, and he is an individual craftsman with something to make for himself and the people of his time.
The thing that is notable in all these discussions is the lack of ideological ardor.
At one time it seemed as if the Soviet Union had done us a favor by providing a striking example of how not to behave towards other peoples and other nations.
The maturity in this point of view lies in its recognition that no basic problem is ever solved without being clearly understood.
In an ideological argument, the participants tend to thump the table.
These institutions which Mr. Lyford names "agreeable autocracies" -- where did they come from?
They tell us, sir, that we are free, because we have in one hand a ballot, and in the other a stock certificate.
First, the observational reasons.
Earth, being at the center of the universe, would have the same shape as the latter;
By distinguishing superlunary (celestial) and sublunary (terrestrial) existence, and reinforcing this with the four-element physics of Empedocles, Aristotle came to speak of the stars as perfect bodies, which moved in only a perfect way, viz. in a perfect circle.
To return now to the four-element physics, a mixture of muddy, frothy water will, when standing in a jar, separate out with earth at the bottom, water on top, and the air on top of that.
But the natural condition for the heavenly bodies is neither rest, nor rectilinear motion.
But that one should superimpose all these charts, run a pin through the common point, and then scale each planetary deferent larger and smaller (to keep the epicycles from'bumping'), this is contrary to any intention Ptolemy ever expresses.
So when textbooks, like that of Baker set out drawings of the'Ptolemaic System', complete with earth in the center and the seven heavenly bodies epicyclically arranged on their several deferents, we have nothing but a misleading 20th-century idea of what never existed historically.
Thus, Margenau remarks: "A large number of unrelated epicycles was needed to explain the observations, but otherwise the (Ptolemaic) system served well and with quantitative precision.
These could be met only by considering the dynamical elements of several planets at one time.
This characterizes Euclid's formulation of geometry, but not Ptolemy's astronomy.
1543 A.D. is often venerated as the birthday of the scientific revolution.
and since they in no way match each other, the result would be a monster rather than a man".
His feeling always exacted sacrifices from her.
And, in the last case, a bitter disappointment but too often meets the confiding nature.
and although it was a school for men only, it afforded Henrietta an opportunity to attend its public lectures.
so Cyrus Adler became interested in her friend Racie Friedenwald, and Joe Jastrow -- the only young man who when he wrote had the temerity to address her as Henrietta, and signed himself Joe -- fell in love with pretty sister Rachel.
"we've got Father and Mother and each other" said Beth on the first page of Louisa Alcott's Little Women;
and each stood out conspicuously in the family picture.
Adele, like Amy, the youngest of the Marches, was the rebellious, mischievous, rather calculating and ambitious one.
Olgivanna -- in her country the nickname was a respectful form of address -- was not only attractive but shrewd, durable, sensible, and smart.
At last her lawyer, Arthur D. Cloud, gave up the case because she turned down three successive settlements he arranged.
Yet somehow, when officers were prodded into visiting Taliesin to execute the warrants, they would find neither Wright nor Olgivanna at home.
At this point Mrs. Frances Cupply, one of Wright's handsome daughters by his first wife, came from the house and tried to calm Miriam as she tore down a no visitors sign and smashed the glass pane on another sign with a rock.
Then, with staring eyes and lips drawn thin, Miriam said to the young woman, "You are ugly -- uglier than you used to be, and you were always very ugly.
But surely Michigan Avenue was handsome?
If you cut down these horrible buildings you'll have no more traffic jams.
In spite of the disaster, Wright completed during this period plans for the Lake Tahoe resort, in which he suggested the shapes of American Indian tepees -- a project of great and appropriate charm, that came to nothing.
This might put Wright in such a bad light before a court that Miriam would be awarded Taliesin;
This exhausted Wright's patience, and in consequence he talked freely to reporters in a Madison hotel suite.
More likely, you simply told yourself, as you handed us the book, that it mattered little what we incanted providing we underwent the discipline of incantation.
It was symbolized (at least for those of us who recognized ourselves in the image) by that self-consuming, elegiac candle of Edna St. Vincent Millay's, that candle which from the quatrain where she ensconced it became a beacon to us, but which in point of fact would have had to be as tall as a funeral taper to last even the evening, let alone the night.
In any case, Miss Millay's sweet-throated bitterness, her variations on the theme that the world was not only well lost for love but even well lost for lost love, her constant and wonderfully tragic posture, so unlike that of Fitzgerald since it required no scenery or props, drew from the me that I was when I fell upon her verses an overwhelming yea.
Well, normally abnormal or normally normal, neurotic or merely fastidious (do the tea-leaf readers, by the way, allow psyches to have moral taste?
I had developed too foolproof a facade to be afraid of self-betrayal.
Helpless in that sense I can never be again.
However, it was not of innocence in general that I was speaking, but of perhaps the frailest and surely the least important side of it which is innocence in romantic love.
Moreover, because of the particular blot on your family escutcheon through what may only have been one unbridled moment on your grandmother's part, and because you had the lean-to kitchen and trundle bed of your childhood to outgrow, what you obviously most desired with both your conscious and unconscious person, what you bent your whole will, sensibility, and intelligence upon, was to be a lady.
The result was a collection of 280 songs, ballads, ditties, brought together from all regions of America, more than one hundred never before published: The American Songbag.
The second reason for his popularity is his complete spontaneity with the guitar.
Just as in the case of every prodigy child, we must watch for the efficacy of my teaching to show up in the future -- if he should master all the strenuous exercises I inflicted on him.
The New York Herald Tribune's photographer, Ira Rosenberg, tells an anecdote about the time he wanted to take a picture of Carl playing a guitar.
"He chose one from Mr. Miller's window, a plain guitar with no fancy polish.
That was all he said, Lewis reports.
and the laughter and the happiness are even more pronounced when no company is present.
Her clothes, her hair, everything about her is both graceful and simple.
Her parents, pious Roman Catholics, christened her Mary Anne Elizabeth Magdalene Steichen.
"This is no place for a young girl", he said.
"And besides, Thorstein Veblen was one of the Chicago professors".
(After graduation from the University of Chicago, Paula taught for two years in the normal school at Valley City, North Dakota, then two years at Princeton (Illinois) Township High School.
Now this concern for the freedom of other peoples is the intellectual and spiritual cement which has allied us with more than forty other nations in a common defense effort.
No longer is the United States the only major industrial country capable of providing substantial amounts of the resources so urgently needed in the newly developed countries.
To us and to every nation of the Free World, rich or poor, these qualities are necessary today as never before if we are to march together to greater security, prosperity and peace.
Moreover, progress in a national transformation can be only gradually earned;
A common meeting ground is desirable for those nations which are prepared to assist in the development effort.
No matter how earnest is our quest for guaranteed peace, we must maintain a high degree of military effectiveness at the same time we are engaged in negotiating the issue of arms reduction.
From all reports so far received, its performance conformed to the high standards I have just described.
Next I refer to our program in space exploration, which is often mistakenly supposed to be an integral part of defense research and development.
for navigation aids to give accurate bearings to ships and aircraft;
1960 promises to be the most prosperous year in our history.
Its second press release was on January 15, 1958, and it recommended that the secret papers be destroyed.
He knew it would be implied that it was done in this way at his insistence.
Ernest A. Gross leaned back in his chair and told Peter Marshall how Secretary General Dag Hammarskjold had, on December 4, 1957, called him in as a private lawyer to review Bang-Jensen's conduct "relating to his association with the Special Committee on the problem of Hungary".
Outside the office windows, twenty-four stories above Wall Street, a light rain was falling.
"I think our report sums up our finding", Gross answered.
You know Bang-Jensen was told the Committee was'to convey its views, suggestions and recommendations to the Secretary General.
"Well, as a matter of fact, I've looked through back-issue files of New York papers for December, 1957, and haven't found a great deal" --
Bang-Jensen said you told correspondents that you had checked in advance to make sure the term'aberrant conduct'was not libelous.
We attempted to conclude this, and did so by having the papers burned.
"I've served as a counsel for the U.N. for some years, specializing particularly in real estate matters or other problems that the regular U.N. legal staff might not be equipped to handle.
The other was by Chesly Manley in the Chicago Daily Tribune.
So once again Shann had to argue with him about this.
When I speak of how Shann felt, I know well.
"the matters to be considered are obviously of a grave character, and I therefore respectfully request that the hearing be postponed for two weeks in order that I might make adequate preparation".
Peter Marshall noted that Bang-Jensen had later referred to his two interviews with the Gross group as "unfortunate experiences", and after his second meeting on the sixteenth the Dane refused to attend further hearings without legal counsel.
Walking was the remedy, they decided, but a deck full of chicken coops and pigpens was hardly suitable.
She wrote in her journal, "I have not heard the least profane language since I have been on board the vessel.
They were sailing round the Cape of Good Hope;
This was the Greek word most often translated as "baptism".
How embarrassing it would be if the newly appointed Congregationalist missionaries should suddenly switch their own beliefs in order to embrace Baptist teachings!
Captain Heard gave orders for the ship to be anchored in the Bay of Bengal until he could obtain the services of a reputable pilot to steer her through the shallow waters.
Next morning the Caravan was out of the treacherous Bay.
Some are fishing, some driving the team, and many are sitting indolently on the banks of the river.
Solid brick buildings painted dazzling white, large domes and tall, picturesque palms stretched as far as the eye could see, while the wharves and harbor were filled with tall-masted sailing ships.
He had failed to realize that the Burmese were not really treating him as the important visitor he considered himself.
As for missionaries, even if they succeeded in getting into the country they probably would not be allowed to preach the Christian faith to the Burmans.
Another controversy typical of the war between the Englishman and the Examiner centered on Robert (later Viscount) Molesworth, a Whig leader in Ireland and a member of the Irish Privy Council.
The preliminaries ended with the publication of Steele's Crisis on January 19, and from that point on the fight proceeded at a rapid pace.
In his comment on these laws Steele sounds all the usual notes of current Whig propaganda, ranging from a criticism of the Tory peace to an attack on the dismissal of Marlborough;
In a few months the Duke was to be the center of a controversy of some significance on the touchy question of the Protestant Succession.
but there is much here also which bears directly on his personal quarrel with Swift.
Then he launches into an attack on the Tory ministers, whom he calls the "New Converts";
The Examiner, during Steele's trial a month later, printed an answer from the "Courtier" addressed to "R. S." at Button's coffee-house.
in the opening paragraph, too, Steele is accused of extreme egotism, of giving "himself the preference to all the learned, his contemporaries, from Dr. Swift himself, even down to Poet Cr--spe of the Customhouse".
He was born in Savannah, Georgia, in 1909.
"There was nothing else I could do", the maid answered, satisfied with a rather vague explanation.
During the summers, while he was still in school, Mercer worked for his father's firm as a messenger boy.
Some years later the bank handling the Mercer liquidation received a check for $300,000, enough to clear up the debt.
"Johnny insisted on cooking a chicken dinner in my honor -- he's always been a good cook -- and I'll never forget him cleaning the chicken in the tub".
Entrance into such stellar song writing company encouraged the burgeoning song writer to take a wife, Elizabeth Meehan, a dancer in the Gaieties.
Mercer has also written both music and lyrics for several songs.
Speaking of his work with Johnny Mercer, Arlen says, "Our working habits were strange.
he often uses very odd rhythms, which makes it difficult, and challenging, for the lyric writer".
Thoroughly modern in treatment, they are at the same time, full of simple sincerity which invariably characterizes genuine Negro folk-music and are by no means to be confused with the average'Broadway Spirituals'which depend for their racial flavor upon sundry allusions to the'Amen Corner','judgement Day,'Gabriel's Horn, and a frustrated devil -- with a few random hallelujahs thrown in for good measure.
Robbie was a war veteran with battle-shattered knees.
Nothing was said, nothing accomplished.
I had had difficulties from the very first day.
He was the son of a Scottish father and an American Jewish mother, long widowed, with whom he lived in a comfortable home in Flushing.
He supported his mother and his brother, who afterwards committed suicide.
"I can tell you this much", he said.
One day I tired of following the Hetman's advice of "shadowing" and of the "ring-around-the-rosie" approach to a report that Enrico Caruso had pinched a lady's hip while visiting the Central Park monkey house.
Mr. Watson did not have much humor in his make-up, but he managed a mirthless smile.
He had a somewhat goggle-eyed expression.
The unfinished note, written in pencil upon the back of a used envelope, and addressed to the coroner, makes one wonder about many things: "God forgive me for everything.
Watson showed this wire to Colonel Van Hamm.
If she were not at home, Mama would see to it that a fresh white rose was there.
He got her dozens of them.
Mama knew this doll was meant to help Mrs. Coolidge overcome her grief by turning her eyes to the future.
I would like to straighten out a misconception about the dress Mrs. Coolidge is wearing in this painting.
Rob Roy remained boss of all the dogs.
Rob Roy was well aware of the importance of this mission, and he would walk in front of the President, looking neither to the right nor to the left.
It was a high mark for Mama.
He caused a lot of talk when he also chose the breakfast hour to have the barber come in and trim his hair while he ate.
Mama said she was one of the prettiest ladies she had ever seen.
Taking a personal interest, she had the doctor assigned to the White House, Dr. James Coupal, look Emmett over.
Mama would enjoy the sight of the famous guests as much as anyone, and would note a gown here and there to tell me about that night.
It is reasonable to affirm two propositions: Jews have been perceived by non-Jews as all things to all men;
The "conventional" image of a particular time and place is not necessarily congruent with the image of the facts as established over the years by scholarly and scientific research.
But General Grant may have been self-victimized.
Modern psychiatric knowledge provides us with many keys to unlock the significance of behavior of the kind.
Comprehensive examination of any policy question calls for the performance of the intellectual tasks inseparable from any problem-solving method.
The basic goal finds partial expression in the Universal Declaration of Human Rights, a statement initiated and endorsed by individuals and organizations of many religious and philosophical traditions.
However, in the context of legal and civic policy, these controversies are less than novel.
The formal position of Americans who identify themselves with one or more of the several identities of the Jewish symbol is already clear;
A truism is that the time to prepare for the worst is when times are best.
What we have in mind does have something in common with the goals of psychoanalysis and with the methods by which they are sought.
One, a reservation on the point I have just made, is the phenomenon of pseudo-thinking, pseudo-feeling, and pseudo-willing, which Fromm discussed in The Escape From Freedom.
The observer of television or other products for a mass audience has only a permit to be, like the models he sees, even more like everybody else.
I am not aware of great attention by any of these authors or by the psychotherapeutic profession to the role of literary study in the development of conscience -- most of their attention is to a pre-literate period of life, or, for the theologians of course, to the influence of religion.
A need so deeply planted, asking for direction, so to speak, is likely to be gratified by the vivid examples and heroic proportions of literature.
A fourth view is the transformation of emotion, as in Housman's fine phrase on the arts: they "transform and beautify our inner nature".
William Wimsatt and Cleanth Brooks, it seems to me, have a penetrating insight into the way in which this control is effected: "For if we say poetry is to talk of beauty and love (and yet not aim at exciting erotic emotion or even an emotion of Platonic esteem) and if it is to talk of anger and murder (and yet not aim at arousing anger and indignation) -- then it may be that the poetic way of dealing with these emotions will not be any kind of intensification, compounding, or magnification, or any direct assault upon the affections at all.
In any inquiry into the way in which great literature affects the emotions, particularly with respect to the sense of harmony, or relief of tension, or sense of "a transformed inner nature" which may occur, a most careful exploration of the particular feature of the experience which produces the effect would be required.
In a symposium and general exploration of the field of Personal Perception and Interpersonal Behavior the discussion does not touch upon this aspect of the subject, with one possible exception;
By an effort of historical sympathy we can cast our minds back into the art of a remote past or an alien present, and enjoy the carvings of cavemen and Japanese colour-prints;
When we assert the value of such study, we find ourselves committed to an important assumption.
It is through such reflection that literature approaches philosophy.
Understanding a work of art involves recognition of the ideas that it reflects or embodies.
In recent years, we have come increasingly to recognize that ideas have a history and that not the least important chapters of this history have to do with thematic or conceptual aspects of literature and the arts, although these aspects should be studied in conjunction with the history of philosophy, of religion, and of the sciences.
It is obvious that the historian who seeks to recapture the ideas that have motivated human behavior throughout a given period will find the art and literature of that age one of his central and major concerns, by no means a mere supplement or adjunct of significant historical research.
Certainly one of the most important comments that can be made upon the spiritual and cultural life of any period of Western civilization during the past sixteen or seventeen centuries has to do with the way in which its leaders have read and interpreted the Bible.
"Suppose you take Mr. Hearst's morning American at $10,000 a year", Brisbane proposed.
Hearst took a brief respite to hurry home to New York to become a father.
What I want is to have this evidence come before Congress and if the Attorney General does not report it, as I am very sure he won't, as he has refused to do anything of the kind, I then wish that a committee of seven Representatives be appointed with power to take the evidence.
Even the regular Democrats disowned him.
Some preferred Judge Alton B. Parker of New York.
The Hearst men say that if Hearst is nominated, he and his immediate friends will contribute to the Democratic National Committee the sum of $1,500,000.
"Does any sane Democrat believe that Mr. Hearst, a person unknown even to his constituency and his colleagues, without a word or act in the public life of his country, past or present, that can be shown to be his to commend him, could by any possibility be elected President of the United States?
He's got a lot of friends, and he ought to come along and let us know if he wants our help".
On one visit he stopped at the office of the American, where he was known surreptitiously as "the Great White Chief", and for the first time met his managing editor, fat Moses Koenigsberg.
The Hearst "barrel"
Yet his editors did not abandon their sense of story value.
The outstanding example was in Garibaldi And The Thousand, where he made use of unpublished papers of Lord John Russell and English consular materials to reveal the motives which led the British government to permit Garibaldi to cross the Straits of Messina.
Already Trevelyan had begun to parallel his nineteenth-century Italian studies with several works on English figures of the same period.
It is a Whig history of the "Tory reaction" which preceded the Reform Bill of 1832, and it uses the figure of Grey to give some unity to the narrative.
Britain in the nineteenth century is a textbook designed "to give the sense of continuous growth, to show how economic led to social, and social to political change, how the political events reacted on the economic and social, and how new thoughts and new ideals accompanied or directed the whole complicated process".
Its success is a tribute, above all, to Trevelyan's brilliance as a literary stylist.
Living pictures of the early boroughs, country life in Tudor and Stuart times, the impact of the industrial revolution compete with sensitive surveys of language and literature, the common law, parliamentary development.
Blenheim was followed in rapid succession by Ramillies And The Union With Scotland and by The Peace And The Protestant Succession, the three forming together a detailed picture of England under Queen Anne.
Yet as an evocation of time past, there are few such successful portraits in English historical literature.
"May we come with you"?
As I got off the trolley at Kehl bridge the next morning, I was met by what looked like 5,000 students, some of whom were carrying sticks apparently for the coming "battle" with the police.
I have full confidence in you.
"Alors, you may go no farther", he said imperiously.
But there is no line between France and Germany, that is, no actual line.
The students were laughing uproariously at this piece of logic, and even the policemen were trying hard not to smile.
"There must be a line"!
"I shall see about getting you a tent", he said.
"You do not know me", she said in good English, "but my mother was your governess in Philadelphia when you were a child".
On Christmas Eve, students brought out two small Christmas trees which I placed on either side of the tent.
"Oh, Mr. Davis, are you there"?
She entreated me to see a doctor, and when I refused, brought one out to see me.
I looked from her to him.
Maybe they will take us".
It was the only sizable assault upon infantry and artillery behind breastworks successfully made by either side during the Atlanta campaign.
On the morning of September 2 the Fourth Corps and the Armies of the Tennessee and the Ohio followed the line of Hardee's retreat.
Hood refused to notice anything except captured guns and colors.
To the Republicans no victory could have been more complete.
Within the narrow frame of military tactics, too, the experts agree that the campaign was brilliant.
A few weeks later the maps were being divided into squares and a position was described as being "about lots 239, 247 and 272 with pickets forward as far as 196".
He never saw that it was a complement to his infantry and not a substitute for it.
First, it could locate the enemy infantry, learn what they were doing, and hold them until the heavy foot columns could come up and take over.
It stumbled on infantry where no infantry should have been and McPherson's aggressive impulse faded out, overwhelmed by fears of the unknown.
The water was deep and Brownlow took his troopers across naked -- except for guns, cartridge boxes and hats.
It need hardly be remarked that Thompson was not generally known for his scrupulosity about keeping his social engagements, which makes his irritation in this letter all the more significant.
After Thompson came to London to live, he received a letter from Katie, which was dated February 8, 1897.
In a letter to Meynell, which was written in June, less than a month before Katie's wedding, he was highly melodramatic in his despair and once again announced his intention of returning to the life of the streets: "
What has it all come to?
O Wilfrid!
When they were first written, there was evidently no thought of their being published, and those which refer to the writer's love for Mrs. Meynell particularly have the ring of truth.
Reid simply states, without offering any supporting evidence, that "after he returned to London, he resumed his draughts of laudanum, and continued this right up to his death".
He was seldom an unmethodical critic, and his reviews generally followed a systematic pattern: a description of what the work contained, a treatment of the things that had especially interested him in it, and, wherever possible, a balancing of whatever artistic merits and faults he might have found.
Thence he pushed farther south than he had ever been before into Podolia and Nogay Tartary or the Yedisan.
and in the misty marshlands and shallow coastal waters of Nogay Tartary and Taurida, including the Crimean peninsula.
Then there were the distinguished foreign volunteers.
Lewis had expected to report at once to Jones's and Nassau's naval command post.
Around the billiard tables were always at least a couple of dozen beribboned generals.
He had collared one of his generals in public.
He was ugly.
Suvorov's contempt for don't-know's was proverbial;
Yet General Suvorov -- who had never forgotten hearing his adored Czarina declare that all truly great men had oddities -- was mad only north, northwest.
Suvorov saw in these scimitar-wielding skirmishers not demographic units but military men of a high potential.
They emerged as interchangeable cogs in a faulty but formidable machine: shaved nearly naked, hair queued, greatcoated, jackbooted, and best of all -- in the opinion of the British professional, Major Semple-Lisle -- "their minds are not estranged from the paths of obedience by those smatterings of knowledge which only serve to lead to insubordination and mutiny".
By this time word had got around that an American doctor was on the premises.
The wear and tear of life have taught me that very few friends of mutual friends long to see foreign strangers, but I planned on being the soul of tact, of giving them plenty of outs was there the tiniest implication that their cups were already running over without us.
The weight of fame and history is formidable, and dreary steel engravings in schoolbooks do little to quicken interest and imagination.
The light at that time is a benediction.
For some happy reason Doric, Ionic, and Corinthian have always stuck in my mind.
These performances were being staged at historical monuments throughout Europe.
Office workers frequently go out there to lunch and swim during the siesta period, which, during the summer, lasts from two until five in the afternoon, when shops and offices are again open for business.
The public may still find pleasure in public places.
Gaunt scaffoldings adjoined the ruins, and on the ground segments of columns two and a half to three feet in thickness were being fitted with sections cunningly chiseled to match exactly the fluting and proportion of the original.
When offered a morsel it glanced right and left and winced, obviously frightened and expecting a kick, but too hungry not to snatch the tidbit.
In proportion to the degradation of his moral worth, is the increase of his worth to them".
By this time Woodruff had accurately measured Pike as a man of great personal pride, a man who would fly into a towering rage if his integrity were questioned, and who would be anxious to avenge himself.
Outraged, he used the Advocate of March 7th for a denial, sending immediately to Santa Fe and Van Buren for documents to vindicate himself, and demanding that Woodruff reveal the name of this perfidious slanderer who disguised himself under a pastoral pseudonym.
Woodruff's strategy had been immensely successful.
After all, Woodruff owned a competent printing plant and was the logical man for the job.
The eventual prize in this new battle was the public printing contract that Woodruff still held.
And, for the moment at least, the governor now found himself allied with the head of the Crittenden faction he had formerly opposed, and Pike was credited with a clear triumph over Woodruff.
For some reason, none of them were impressed with the territorial capital.
The bulk of his early reputation, however, came not from his poetry or his music, but from his excellence as an orator.
He was thrown out, more or less, from Boston, Plymouth, Pocasset, Newport, and Providence.
Although he did not attend any celebrated schools or universities, he was a master of Greek and Hebrew and could read the Bible in the original.
Gorton said they were preparing to deport her as a vagabond, and to escape the shame she fled to the woods for several days, returning at night.
A cow owned by an old woman trespassed on Gorton's land.
Master Gorton, having foully abused high and low at Aquidneck is now bewitching and bemaddening poor Providence, both with his unclean and foul censures of all the ministers of this country (for which myself have in Christ's name withstood him), and also denying all visible and external ordinances in depth of Familism: almost all suck in his poison, as at first they did at Aquidneck.
The settlement was called Shawomet.
It pointed out twenty-six instances of blasphemy in the letters, and ordered the writers to submit or force of arms would be used.
The attackers sent for more soldiers, and the defenders, to save bloodshed, surrendered under the promise that they would be treated as neighbors.
Gorton replied with blasts that scandalized the congregation.
What he means when he saith, wee worship the starre of our God Remphan, Chion, Moloch"?
Papa was still elated over his afternoon visit downtown.
"It'll take a lot to replace it".
by now it was perhaps two days or longer after Papa had begun hemorrhaging.
And in a few minutes Papa was dead.
All about him stood tombstones his own sensitive great hands had fashioned.
he was given the difference between that amount and $5000.
I recall that several years their taxes exceeded $800.
In fact, he didn't want to teach anywhere.
Later this play would be called Welcome To Our City.
he wanted nothing compressed, tight.
On returning to New York he had a job for several weeks;
It was fantastic writing, beautiful writing, the man declared, but the public, he insisted, wanted realism.
I engaged more and more in religious activities.
Finally, after years, I gave up.
The actual impelling force which severed me from evangelical effort was of another sort.
His father was a professor at Hartford Theological Seminary, and from him he acquired a conviction, which he passed along to me, that there is in the universe of persons a moral law, the law of love, which is a natural law in the same sense as is the physical law.
Deity and Law are one and inseparable.
For this decision a man must take personal responsibility.
To obey the moral law is just ordinary common sense, applied to a neglected field.
Read, for instance, in Malcolm MacDonald's Borneo People of Segura and her wise father Tomonggong Koh, and her final adjustment to encroaching civilization.
As I have said, words from Tennyson remain ever in my memory: "That mind and soul, according well, May make one music as before".
Wonder is indeed the intellectual gateway to the spiritual world.
There are some people, intelligent people, who seem to be untouched by the sea of wonder in which we are immersed and in which we spend our lives.
Stephen Gosson and Sir Philip Sidney from renaissance England;
When he discusses the subject matter of poetry, he asks what moral effect the scenes will have.
Poets, moreover, dwell on human passions.
He wants them to use their great power to strengthen man's rational side, to teach virtue, and to encourage religion.
By the time they reach that age, however, Aristotle no longer worries about the evil influence of comedies.
But there are, however, several features of Aristotle's approach which open the way for the moral measure of literature.
It may allay our passions and so restore the rule of reason.
What is not so well known, however, and what is quite important for understanding the issues of this early quarrel, is the kind of attack on literature that Sidney was answering.
He does not really approve of levity and laughter, but sex is the deadly sin.
It is not our impression that these evaluations are naively uncritical resultants of blissful ignorance;
The same patterned consistency shows itself in occupational choices.
We find "reluctant recruits" whose values are not in line with their expected occupation's characteristics.
Their expressed standards concerning sex roles, desirable age for marriage, characteristics of an ideal mate, number of children desired are congruent with the values and stereotypes of the preceding generation -- minus compulsive rebellion.
But the correlation is substantial only among upperclassmen.
Our data indicate that these students of today do basically accept the existing institutions of the society, and, in the face of the realities of complex and large-scale economic and political problems, make a wary and ambivalent delegation of trust to those who occupy positions of legitimized responsibility for coping with such collective concerns.
Their commitments are, for the most part, couched in a familiar idiom.
Upon second thought we were forced to realize that we have very few reliable historical benchmarks against which we might compare the present situation, and that conclusions that present-day students are "more" or "less" religious could not be defended on the basis of our data.
Morgan himself had sciatica again.
Here the Pennsylvania militia skirmished with the British, but soon fled.
The latter was so upset on learning of the death of Morris, that he wrote Morgan a letter, showing his own warmhearted generosity.
Such a situation regarding the Board of War could hardly have helped Morgan's chances for promotion when that matter came before the group later on.
Morgan complained to Washington about the men detailed to him for scouting duty, most of them he said being useless.
It is doubtful if Morgan was able to take home much money to his wife and children, for his pay, as shown by the War Department Abstracts of early 1778 was $75 a month as a colonel, and that apt to be delayed.
The troops must have more than the common quantity of liquor, and perhaps there will be some little drunkenness among them".
Morgan took the suggested steps, but when Mrs. Sanderson appeared, there was nobody with her but her husband, whom he promptly sent to headquarters to be questioned.
If his circumspection in regard to Philip's sensibilities went so far that he even refused to grant a dispensation for the marriage of Amadee's daughter, Agnes, to the son of the dauphin of Vienne -- a truly peacemaking move according to thirteenth-century ideas, for Savoy and Dauphine were as usual fighting on opposite sides -- for fear that he might seem to be favoring the anti-French coalition, he would certainly never take the far more drastic step of ordering the return of Gascony to Edward, even though, as he admitted to the English ambassadors, he had been advised that the original cession was invalid.
He was a learned and brilliant man, one of the best jurists in Europe and with flashes of penetrating insight, and yet in his dealings with other people, particularly when he tried to be ingratiating, he was capable of an abysmal stupidity that can have come only from a complete incomprehension of human nature and human motives.
Loyal and unscrupulous, with a single-minded ambition to which he devoted all his energies, he outmatched the English diplomats time and time again until, by a kind of poetic justice, he fell at the battle of Courtrai, the victim of the equally nationalistic if less articulate Flemings.
The younger men, Vere, and Pembroke, who was also Edward's cousin and whose Lusignan blood gave him the swarthy complexion that caused Edward of Carnarvon's irreverent friend, Piers Gaveston, to nickname him "Joseph the Jew", were relatively new to the game of diplomacy, but Pontissara had been on missions to Rome before, and Hotham, a man of great learning, "jocund in speech, agreeable to meet, of honest religion, and pleasing in the eyes of all", and an archbishop to boot, was as reliable and experienced as Othon himself.
They had other topics of conversation, besides their news from courts and fairs, which were of interest to Othon, the builder of castles in Wales and churches in his native country.
I don't know how and I don't know why but the two stores, the one in Margaretville and the one in Fleischmanns that had been set up as a partnership, were dissolved, separated from each other.
Tessie, everybody thought, was a strong woman, but she was only strong because she had Alfred to lean on.
One day Alfred told him that he had decided to leave everything to me.
He sent me for Meltzer the Butcher, whom he wanted not as a friend but as a rabbi.
Alfred was dressed for his trip to the hospital.
Alfred!
12 "where is it written"?
The daughter, Lilly, was a very good friend of mine and I always had hopes that someday she and Meltzer would find each other.
Every chance I got I left the hotel to visit Lilly.
It ran north, away from the town and the people, through woods and past the nothingness of a graveyard.
childishness compared to her grown-up understanding that life was a punishment for as yet undisclosed sins.
The brother and sister seemed to be a sort of mutual-aid society, a little fortress of kindness for each other in a hard world.
Even in the nineteenth century such accomplished philologists as Kemble and Guest were led into what now seem ludicrous errors because of their failure to recognize that modern forms of place names are not necessarily the result of logical philological development.
Sir Henry Howorth, writing in 1898, put himself firmly in the Lappenburg-Kemble tradition by attacking the veracity of the West Saxon annals.
On the other hand, the consensus of opinion is that, used with caution and in conjunction with other types of evidence, the native sources still provide a valid rough outline for the English settlement of southern Britain.
Against Seebohm formidable foes have taken the field, notably F. W. Maitland, whose Domesday Book And Beyond was written expressly for this purpose, and Sir Paul Vinogradoff whose The Growth Of The Manor had a similar aim.
As a group they should be favorable to a concept of gradual Germanic infiltration although the specialist nature of much of their work, e.g. Seebohm, Gray and Finberg, tends to obscure their sympathies.
Again omitting recent developments, E.T. Leeds'dictum of 1913 has stood unchallenged: "So far as archaeology is concerned, there is not the least warrant for the second (shore occupied by) of these theories".
We know that the Saxon Shore was a phenonenon of late Roman defensive policy;
It is a matter of trying to sort out an earlier fourth-century Saxon element from the later, fifth-century mainstream of Anglo-Saxon invasions.
He concluded that selective service would not only prevent the disorganization of essential war industries but would avoid the undesirable moral effects of the British reliance on enlistment only -- "where the feeling of the people was whipped into a frenzy by girls pinning white feathers on reluctant young men, orators preaching hate of the Germans, and newspapers exaggerating enemy outrages to make men enlist out of motives of revenge and retaliation".
Democrat Stanley H. Dent, Chairman of the House Military Affairs Committee, declined to introduce the bill.
It was 258.
The total operation was a construction project comparable in magnitude with the Panama Canal, but in 1917 time was in short supply;
In mid-September 1918, the influenza-pneumonia pandemic swept through every American military camp;
He also ascertained that many officers were indifferent to the problem, including Commanding General Frederick Funston who gave Fosdick the nickname of "Reverend".
When the United States entered the First World War Baker made certain that the Draft Act of 1917 prohibited the sale of liquor to men in uniform and that it provided for broad zones around the camps in which prostitution was outlawed.
Over these voluntary agencies, in 1917-18, the CTCA served as a co-ordinating body in carrying out what Survey called "the most stupendous piece of social work in modern times".
The sense of relationship overreaches the historical truth that Shakespeare may have known next to nothing of the actual works of Aeschylus, Sophocles, and Euripides.
It is after the late seventeenth century.
In Greek tragedy as in Shakespeare, mortal actions are encompassed by forces which transcend man.
Those who walk on it may encounter at any turn ministers of grace or damnation.
Its sphere is that of royal courts, dynastic quarrels, and vaulting ambitions.
The art of Defoe and Richardson is founded on an awareness of this great change.
Until the advent of rational empiricism the controlling habits of the western mind were symbolic and allegoric.
And although they were, as I have indicated, under increasing strain at the time of Racine, they are still alive in his theatre.
They were not yet prepared to accept it as irremediable.
Goethe asks in Wilhelm Meister whether we know the land where the lemon trees flower, and the light of the Mediterranean glows through Torquato Tasso and the Roman Elegies.
Faust rescuing Helen from Menelaus'vengeance is the genius of renaissance Europe restoring to life the classic tradition.
A third Thomas Bushell (1594-1674), "much loved" by Bacon, called himself "The Superlative Prodigall" in The First Part of Youths Errors (1628) and became an expert on silver mines and on the art of running into debt.
The knights for Warwickshire in this parliament, which ended its session on February 9, were Fulke Greville (the poet) and William Combe of Warwick, as Fulke Greville and Edward Greville had been in 1593.
Adrian Quiney wrote to his son Richard on October 29 and again perhaps the next day, since the bearer of the letter, the bailiff, was expected to reach London on November 1.
His letter of October 26 named two of the men about whom Quiney had written to Shakespeare the day before.
He listed what he had spent for "My own diet in London eighteen weeks, in which I was sick a month;
When Sir Edward Greville enclosed the town commons on the Bancroft, Quiney and others leveled his hedges on January 21, 1600/1, and were charged with riot by Sir Edward.
Lady Greville, daughter of the late Lord Chancellor Bromley and niece of Sir John Fortescue, was offered twenty pounds by the townsmen to make peace;
When the historian encounters a situation in which he can perceive no visible cause and effect sequence, he should be alert to intuition and unconscious instinct as possible guides.
A credulousness, a distaste for documentation, an uncritical reliance on contemporary accounts, and a proneness to assume a theory as true before adequate proof was provided were all evidences of his failure to comprehend the use of the scientific method or to evaluate the responsibilities of the historian to his reading public.
Adams depended largely on the dispatches of foreign ambassadors and observers in England, claiming that the reports of such agents had to be accurate because there were no newspapers.
If the historian was convinced of his own correctness, then he should not allow his vision to become fogged by disturbing facts.
It made no difference that most evidence points to an opposite conclusion.
This should not prejudice an evaluation of his findings, but they were not the findings of a completely impartial investigator.
There was no evidence, either of a positive or negative type, of the actions of a Divine Being in this world;
The German barbarians of the fourth century offered an excellent example:
Despite their adherence to the status quo, the forces of organized religion were compelled to make adjustments as increasing civilization augmented human knowledge.
His metier was the American tropics, and he had lived all over Latin America and among the primitive tribes on the Amazon river.
There had been something sinister about him that warned me against him, -- I had never felt that way about any other boy, -- but when he uttered his name on the telephone I had forgotten this and I was glad to do what he asked of me.
I had always thought of that lovable man as many years older than myself, although he was perhaps only twenty years older, and he confirmed my feeling, along with the feeling of both my sons, that teachers of the classics are invariably endearing.
I could never forget the gaiety with which, when he was both blind and deaf, he let me lead him around his rooms to look at some of the pictures;
but he defended the doctrine in The Art Of Happiness, and what indeed could be said against the Epicurean virtues, health, frugality, privacy, culture and friendship?
People and books are enough for them".
Many years later I went to see S.K. in England, where he was living at Whiteleaf, near Aylesbury, and he showed me beside his cottage there the remains of the road on which Boadicea is supposed to have travelled.
Would he meet him in Baltimore in Drawing Room A, Car Three on the train leaving Washington at nine o'clock next morning?
My last gift to him is complete silence until the book is out and the first heated discussion dies down.
They were strays of every kind -- university students and journalists, Village hangers-on and barflies, taxi drivers and editors and unknown poets, as well as friends like Elinor Wylie and William Rose Benet, the Van Dorens and Nathan, Rebecca West and Hugh Walpole and Osbert Sitwell, Laurence Stallings, Lewis Browne, William Seabrook, Arthur Hopkins, the Woodwards.
Before he made that retreat, he telephoned Earl Blackman in Kansas City and asked him to come to Europe with him.
Blackman had brought news from Kansas City.
The New York Times editorialist wondered just who would stop Mr. Lewis and make him write a book.
He invited Lady Sybil, Lord Thomson, Bechhofer Roberts, and a half dozen others.
Lewis gave him a guidebook tour of London and, motoring and walking, took him to Stratford, but the London stay was for only ten days, and on the twentieth they took the train for Southampton, where they spent the night for an early morning Channel crossing.
As the total number of incepting bachelors in 1629 was, according to Masson (Life, 1:218) and n, two hundred fifty-nine, the twenty-four names listed in the ordo senioritatis for that year constitute slightly less than one tenth of the total number of bachelors who then incepted.
Manningham also proceeded M.A. in 1632 and became a fellow of his college in that year.
Of course the higher officials could add or place a name on the list wherever they wished.
He had learned to dispute devastatingly, both formally and informally in Latin, and according to the rules on any topic, pro or con, drawn from almost any subject, more especially from Aristotle's works.
His later boastings of his skill with the small sword are indicative of much time and practice devoted to the use of that weapon.
He smoked, as did everybody, and imbibed the various alcoholic beverages of that day, although his protestations while at Cambridge and after that he was no drunkard point to reasonable abstinence from the wild drinking bouts of some of the undergraduates and, we must add, of some of their elders including many of the regents or teachers.
It is not a question of truth or falsity;
But these prolusions that we have surviving from the Christ's College days are only one phase of his existence then.
On the other hand, the bright vision of the future has been directly stated in science fiction concerned with projecting ideal societies -- science fiction, of course, is related, if sometimes distantly, to that utopian literature optimistic about science, literature whose period of greatest vigor in the late nineteenth and early twentieth centuries produced Edward Bellamy's Looking Backward and H. G. Wells's A Modern Utopia.
Considering then the optimism which has permeated science fiction for so long, what is really remarkable is that during the last twelve years many science-fiction writers have turned about and attacked their own cherished vision of the future, have attacked the Childhood's End kind of faith that science and technology will inevitably better the human condition.
A more complete list would also include Bradbury's "The Pedestrian" (1951), Philip K. Dick's Solar Lottery (1955), David Karp's One (1953), Wilson Tucker's The Long Loud Silence (1952), Jack Vance's To Live Forever (1956), Gore Vidal's Messiah (1954), and Bernard Wolfe's Limbo (1952), as well as the three perhaps most outstanding dystopias, Frederik Pohl and C. M. Kornbluth's The Space Merchants (1953), Kurt Vonnegut's Player Piano (1952), and John Wyndham's Re-Birth (1953), works which we will later examine in detail.
Easily the best known of these three novels is The Space Merchants, a good example of a science-fiction dystopia which extrapolates much more than the impact of science on human life, though its most important warning is in this area, namely as to the use to which discoveries in the behavioral sciences may be put.
The Space Merchants, like such humanist documents as Joseph Wood Krutch's The Measure Of Man and C. S. Lewis's The Abolition Of Man, considers what may result from the scientific study of human nature.
And we do it by taking talent -- and redirecting it".
An assumption of youth, or the presence of a few youthful characteristics, deceives no more successfully than rouge or dyed hair.
"Boy, you ain't fooling nobody but yourself".
One may be exasperatingly aware that if the answer is favorable it will be judged such only by those of one's own age.
So far as I am concerned, the child is unmistakably father to the man, despite the obvious fact that child and father differ greatly -- sometimes for the better and sometimes for the worse.
Never once during the trying thirties did I come so close to succumbing to the private climate of opinion as to grant Russian communism even that most weasel-worded of encomiums "an interesting experiment".
After a moment's thought he replied, "That still leaves you a lot of latitude".
Apropos of what some would call cynicism, I remember an anecdote the source of which I forget.
Blasphemous?
Despite these facts the question ":
If we are to believe the list of titles printed in Malraux's latest book, La Metamorphose Des Dieux, Vol. 1 ((1957), he is still engaged in writing a large novel under his original title.
The whole purpose of Man's Hope is to portray the tragic dialectic between means and ends inherent in all organized political violence -- and even when such violence is a necessary and legitimate self-defense of liberty, justice and human dignity.
2,
Here I am face to face with the primeval stuff".
"I thought I knew more than my education had taught me," notes the narrator, "because I had encountered the militant mobs of a political or religious faith".
A professor at the University of Constantinople, where his first course of lectures was on Nietzsche and the "philosophy of action", Vincent Berger becomes head of the propaganda department of the German Embassy in Turkey.
This has been his first encounter with mankind, and, although he has now become a legendary figure in the popular European press, it leaves him profoundly dissatisfied.
"Something much more thorough is required".
A slow and painful trend toward unification has taken hold, a trend which may at any time be arrested and reversed but which may also lead to a binding federation of Europe.
The Communist coup in Czechoslovakia in 1948 was followed immediately by the conclusion of the Brussels Treaty, a 50-year alliance among Britain, France and the Benelux countries.
In other areas it held back, pleading its Commonwealth bonds.
The problem of NATO is not one of machinery, of which there is an abundance, but of the will to use it.
what is new and compelling is that the West is now but one of several powerful civilizations, or "systems", and that one or more of the others may pose a mortal danger to the West.
It is very much a matter of building the foundations of community.
It is possible that international organization will ultimately supplant the multi-state system, but its proper function for the immediate future is to reform and supplement that system in order to render pluralism more compatible with an interdependent world.
A realistic "concert of free nations" might be expected to consist of an "inner community" of the North Atlantic nations and an "outer community" embracing much or all of the non-Communist world.
Rexroth is a longtime jazz buff, a name-dropper of jazz heroes, and a student of traditional as well as modern jazz.
He spoke for a "proletariat" that included "all the lost and sick and hunted of the earth".
Patchen has almost never used strict poetic forms;
He is usually something of an underdog, he must battle the organized police force as well as recognized criminals.
To fill the job of contemporary hero in 1955, Patchen needed someone else.
Patchen does read some of his earlier works to music, but he has written an entire book of short poems which seem to be especially suited for reading with jazz.
he is far from being a literary hero, yet is a creative artist.
"Anger won't help.
Can't hold her little white han'!
Lord, love us, look at all the disconnected limbs floating hereabouts, like bloody feathers at that -- and all the eyes are talking and all the hair are moving and all the tongue are in all the cheek.
In any case, who ever thought that New York is typical of anything?
It is a publishing and public relations center, but these very facts prevent it from being a literary center because writers dislike provincialism and untruth.
their reading and thinking gave an extension to their normal blushes about appearing'Jewish'in subway, bus, racetrack, movie house, any of the public places that used to make the Jew of my generation self-conscious (heavy thinkers walking across Seventh Avenue without their glasses on, willing to dare the trucks as long as they didn't look like the ikey-kikey caricature of the Yiddish intellectual).
Finally, there is the undeniable fact that some of the finest American fiction is being written by Jews, but it is not Jewish fiction;
The work for Commonweal was more satisfying than work for Commentary "because of the staff's tiptoeing fear of making a booboo".
God knows that Partisan and the rest often were, and remain, guilty of intellectual flatulence.
Politics, economics, sociology -- the entire area of life that lies "between" -- literature and what Krim calls experience -- urgently needed to be dug into.
(there are no) literary movements, "there are only writers doing their work.
this moment are being bedazzled by half-digested ideas.
There had been signs and portents like the regular toppling over and defacing of the bust of Lauro Di Bosis near the Villa Lante and in the Gianicolo.
Berto's The Sky Is Red had been a small masterpiece and in its special way the best book to come out of the war.
He had bought a little piece of property down along the coast of the hard country of Calabria that he knew so well.
These people were not talking much about it, but you, a foreigner, sensed their apprehension and disappointment.
Our companion was a huge, plain-spoken American sculptor who had been a sixteen-year-old rifleman all across France in 1944.
They went up against an SS unit of comparable size, over a little rise of ground, over an open field.
Across the way from the apartment building is a ruined house, shot to hell that day in 1849, and left that way as a memorial.
) And then there were ecclesiastical matters, the matter of Garibaldi's anti-clericalism.
I suffer from mixed feelings.
Gossip had it (for gossip is the soul of Rome) that a famous American dancer of the time had paid for both the planes.
She was from Prague.
There was a pretty thorough silence at that point.
Though Garibaldi's fight was small shakes compared to Pickett's Charge -- which, like all Southerners, I view in almost Miltonic terms, fallen angels, etc. -- I associated the two.
Such measures are essential to its job of presenting business and Government with the facts required to meet the objective of expanding business and improving the operation of the economy.
These publications, written especially for the managers or owners of small businesses, indirectly aid in community development programs.
new product potential;
Production assistance often takes the form of locating tools or materials which are urgently needed.
Section 8-b-2 of the Small Business Act, as amended, authorizes the SBA to make a complete inventory of the productive facilities of small business concerns.
Cleveland, Ohio;
San Francisco, Calif.;
SBA makes loans to individual small business firms, providing them with financing when it is not otherwise available through private lending sources on reasonable terms.
Direct loans are those made by SBA alone.
The maximum loan which SBA may make to any one borrower is $350,000.
Detroit, Mich.;
Printed material
The third credit service, Banks for Cooperatives, exists under authority of the Farm Credit Act of 1933.
Printed material
Funds contributed by the Government are repaid by a royalty on production from the property.
Only rarely is attention given to accurate progress reports and evaluation.
surveying the needs and requirements over time of broad sectors of the economy, such as transport, agriculture, communication, industry, and power;
In such a case, however, we would encourage the recipient country to get on with its programing task, supply it with substantial technical assistance in performing that task, and make it plain that an expansion or even a continuation of our assistance to the country's development was conditional upon programing progress being made.
External aid can be effective only if it is a complement to self-help.
The major areas of self-help are the following: (A) the effective mobilizing of resources.
(D) honesty in government.
There are other countries where, with skillful diplomacy, we may be able by our aid to give encouragement to those groups in government which would like to press forward with economic and social reform measures to promote growth.
This is not a short-run goal.
Meantime, over the decade of the sixties, we can hope that many other countries will ready themselves for the big push into self-sustaining growth.
Many of the individual projects for which development assistance is required call for expenditures over lengthy periods.
Most important of all, the less developed countries must be persuaded to take the necessary steps to allocate and commit their own resources.
The extent to which we can persuade the less developed countries to appraise their own resources, to set targets toward which they should be working, to establish in the light of this forward perspective the most urgent priorities for their immediate attention, and to do the other things which they must do to help themselves, all on a realistic long-term basis, will depend importantly on the incentives we place before them.
Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members who desire to do so may extend their remarks at this point in the record;
For the dignity, the influence, and the power of the legislative branch of our Government -- it is a privilege for us to do honor to this great man who represents not alone his own district but all the people of our country.
I am highly privileged today to commemorate the brilliant career of this parliamentary giant.
Here briefly in this humble tribute I have sought for some simple and succinct summation that would define the immense service of this patriot to his country.
This may not be the greatest but it certainly comes close to being the greatest lesson Sam Rayburn's career, up to this hour, teaches all of us who would aspire to distinction in political life under our processes of government.
Remarks of Hon. Melvin Price of Illinois
No one has sponsored more progressive and important legislation than has Sam Rayburn.
I prefer to speak, however, of Sam Rayburn, the person, rather than Sam Rayburn, the American institution.
The automobile maintenance unit, or motor pool, came into existence in 1942 and has been responsible for centralized maintenance and management of state-owned transportation since that time.
The state purchases and assigns grades of cars according to need and position status of driver and use of vehicle.
It is reasonably economical for the state to have drivers garage state cars at their homes.
Of these states the average "change-over" point (at which a car is substituted for allowances) is 13,200 miles per year.
The travel regulations, requirements and procedures governing reimbursement are controlled properly and not overly restrictive.
general background.
And reasons other than employee need contributed to the growth.
Prior to 1942, automobiles were the individual responsibility of the agency to which assigned.
The management of state-owned vehicles since that time has been described in a recent report in the following manner: "
Moreover, it allows the present management to reassign vehicles so that mileage will be more uniformly distributed throughout the fleet;
They estimate further that with sufficient experience and when cost-data of compact cars is compiled, the break-even point may be reduced to 7,500 miles of travel per year.
The reasons are obvious: (1) the state is buying in quantity, and (2) it has no federal excise or state sales tax to pay.
There was a time some years ago when local taxation by the cities and towns was sufficient to support their own operations and a part of the cost of the state government as well.
Taxation of tangible movable property in Rhode Island has been generally of a "hands off" nature due possibly to several reasons: (1) local assessors, in the main, are not well paid and have inadequate office staffs, (2) the numerous categories of this component of personal property make locating extremely difficult, and (3) the inexperience of the majority of assessors in evaluating this type of property.
Although a similar situs for tangible property is mentioned in the statute, this is cancelled out by the provision that definite kinds of property "and all other tangible property" situated or being in any town is taxable where the property is situated.
Assessment of value.
Practices in Rhode Island.
Boats were indicated specifically by only one of the five towns known to tax boats.
Another question that was asked of the assessors was whether they favored the assessment of movable property at its location or at the residence of the owner.
Assessors in Rhode Island are charged not only with placing a valuation upon real and personal property, but they also have the responsibility to raise by a tax "a sum not less than nor more than" a specified amount as ordered by a city council or financial town meeting.
Only a few more than 10,000 boats had been registered with the Division of Harbors and Rivers at the end of the 1960 boating season, but many had been taken out of the water early when the threat of a hurricane brought the season to an early close.
Industrial Division personnel worked with 54 out-of-state and 97 Rhode Island concerns during 1960, many of whom are still interested in a Rhode Island location.
details on marketing;
To reach a still greater audience of location-minded manufacturers, our industrial advertising budget for the fiscal year was increased from $32,000 to $40,000, and the Industrial Building Authority's financial participation was upped from $17,000 to $20,000.
Among foreign countries responding were Germany, Canada, Brazil and India.
Its purpose was to find ways of offsetting the United States'declining balance of trade for 1958 and 1959.
Mailings and publications
These objectives are stated here because of their importance in understanding the current activities of the Planning Division.
among the operating departments of the state;
and the preparation of the state development budget.
Inventory
It is not within the scope of this report to elaborate in any great detail upon special districts in Rhode Island.
Included in the findings are: 1.
5.
advantages.
4.
Towns having different fiscal years are difficult to compare.
Both units of government contribute increasingly large sums of money to the several local governments in this state as indicated below:
This is an inherent part of adjusting fiscal calendars.
The type of program desired can be determined by the nature and extent of the adjustments needed.
An analysis of the fiscal tax collection year calendars throughout the state indicates that transition may not be as painful as is commonly thought.
Adjustment of tax collection year.
Both would start their new fiscal year on July 1.
It should be emphasized strongly that adjustments in fiscal dates or adoption of interim budgets do not necessarily mean financing over and above normal governmental requirements.
The financial problem, where it exists, usually stems from the adoption of a budget for the transitional or adjustment period.
Governor
now, therefore, do I, John A. Notte, Jr., governor of the State of Rhode Island and Providence Plantations, proclaim Saturday, May 20th, 1961, as Armed Forces Day, reminding our citizens that we should rededicate ourselves to our Nation, respecting the uniforms as the guardians of our precious liberty.
and now, therefore, do I, John A. Notte, Jr., Governor of the State of Rhode Island and Providence Plantations, proclaim Monday, May 22nd, 1961, as National Maritime Day, reminding our citizens that American Merchant ships and American seamen are ready at all times to serve our Nation in the cause of freedom and justice.
She hopes that all will support the contestants from our own community by attending our Pageants and the State Pageant June 17;
and now, therefore, do I, John A. Notte, Jr., governor of the State of Rhode Island and Providence Plantations, proclaim Tuesday, October 24th, 1961, as United Nations day, calling upon all our citizens to engage in appropriate observances, demonstrating faith in the United Nations and thereby contributing to a better understanding of the aims of the United Nations throughout the land.
They were placed either in the middle of the acts or in the intermissions.
They could not guess that from their concepts of liberty and freedom would some day be born a new nation that for years would be the symbol of hope to the oppressed countries of the world.
In testimony whereof, I have hereunto set my hand and caused the seal of the State to be affixed this 21st day of November, in the year of Our Lord, one thousand nine hundred and sixty-one and of Independence, the one hundred and eighty-sixth.
conduct engineering research and technical development work to determine, by laboratory and pilot plant testing, the results of the research and studies aforesaid in order to develop processes and plant designs to the point where they can be demonstrated on a large and practical scale;
(B)
(G)
Sec. 4.
All moneys received from dispositions under this section shall be paid into the Treasury as miscellaneous receipts).
and (C) to finance, for not more than three years beyond the end of said period, such activities as are required to correlate, coordinate, and round out the results of studies and research undertaken pursuant to this Act: Provided, That funds available in any one year for research and development may, subject to the approval of the Secretary of State to assure that such activities are consistent with the foreign policy objectives of the United States, be expended in cooperation with public or private agencies in foreign countries in the development of processes useful to the program in the United States: And provided further, That every such contract or agreement made with any public or private agency in a foreign country shall contain provisions effective to insure that the results or information developed in connection therewith shall be available without cost to the United States for the use of the United States throughout the world and for the use of the general public within the United States.
(2)
and (6)
Sec. 3.
(C)
A.
Among the specific areas of concentration in which the staff is engaged, are such projects as biological and biochemical studies of the effects of microwaves;
Also, the Defense Atomic Support Agency sponsored a long-range study at this Institute on the response of massive suspension cultures of mammalian cells to acute radiation.
2.
and overhead projector transparency sets on the subjects of Military Sanitation: First Aid For Soldiers;
The Senate Subcommittee on Reorganization and International Organizations was provided samples of visual aids on first aid and personal health produced by the Medical Illustration Service.
In this same period, six new fascicles of the Atlas Of Tumor Pathology were published and distributed to medical centers world-wide.
Of the 375 exhibits (of all types) shown, 161 were new or refurbished.
During fiscal years 1959 and 1960, there were 795,586 visitors to the Museum.
From 1 July 1958 to 30 June 1960, 24 numbers of the Journal and nine of the Bulletin were published.
In May 1960, the Armed Forces Institute of Pathology began a series of articles on the "Medical Museum", and in June, the Institute started contributing a regular monthly "Case For Diagnosis".
This agreement is considered very good for such short time intervals.
Experiments have shown that the shutter is 75 percent open in about 60-80 microseconds.
therefore, only with precise foreknowledge of the line frequencies is an astronomical search for the radio spectra of these molecules feasible.
Low temperature thermometry.
Several germanium resistors have been thermally cycled from 300 to 4.2 Af and their resistances have been found to be reproducible within 1/3 millidegree when temperatures were derived from a vapor pressure thermometer whose tubing is jacketed through most of the liquid helium.
It has also been observed, in helium 2, that large discrepancies can exist between surface vapor pressures and those pressures measured by a vapor pressure thermometer.
Transport properties of air.
These thermometers have now been sent to the United Kingdom for calibration at the National Physical Laboratory.
Two data centers have been established for the collection, indexing, critical evaluation, and dissemination of bibliographies and critical values in the fields of transition probabilities and collision cross sections.
Studies of the intensity data indicate that they may be converted to approximate transition probabilities.
Any fee so determined shall be entered as a part of such award, and payment thereof shall be made by the Secretary of the Treasury by deducting the amount thereof from the total amount paid pursuant to the award.
Upon such hearing, the Commission may affirm, modify, or revise its former action with respect to such claim, including a denial or reduction in the amount theretofore allowed with respect to such claim.
The Commission shall complete its affairs in connection with settlement of United States-Yugoslav claims arising under the Yugoslav Claims Agreement of 1948 not later than December 31, 1954:
Payments made pursuant to this Title shall be made only to the person or persons on behalf of whom the award is made, except that -- (1)
(D)
There shall be covered into the Treasury to the credit of the proper special fund all funds hereinafter specified.
(2)
The Secretary of State shall certify to the Secretary of the Treasury the total cost of adjudication, not borne by the claimants, attributable to the Yugoslav Claims Agreement of 1948.
Instead we have stood idly by, watched our commuter railroad service decline, and have failed to offer a helping hand.
If these services are to be maintained, the New York Central must have the revenues to make them possible".
Though far from completion, these studies indicated beyond a doubt that savings would result which would be of unprecedented benefit to the railroads concerned, their investors, their customers, their users, and to the public at large.
Mr. Lindsay.
The people of the 17th District of New York, and I as their Representative in Congress, take great pride in the New York Times as one of the great and authoritative newspapers of the world.
Once the full extent of this Russian military penetration of Cuba was clear, President Kennedy announced we would take whatever action was appropriate to prevent this, even if we had to go it alone.
Obviously, we can't stop them from coming in, however, just by talk.
On April 25, the White House reported that a total embargo of remaining U.S. trade with Cuba was being considered.
Among these questions: what would a Cuba blockade take?
and it must be enforced without discrimination.
In a total blockade, action could also be taken against ships bringing in chemicals, oils, textiles, and even foodstuffs.
Financial aspects.
method of distributing funds
the term "United States" includes the several States and the District of Columbia, and excludes the Virgin Islands, Guam and Puerto Rico, and, prior to 1962, Alaska and Hawaii.
Determine for each State (except the Virgin Islands, Guam and Puerto Rico, and, prior to 1962, Alaska and Hawaii) that percentage which bears the same ratio to 50% as the particular State's average per capita income bears to the average per capita income of the U. S.
6.
(For each State, make all computations set forth in items 1 to 8 above, and then add the results obtained for each State in item 8.
) 13.
explanation of matching formula.
Method of computing Federal shares.
) 3.
)
The first one or two roof boards (marked "E" in fig. 6) are slipped into place across the roof beams, from outside the shelter.
Solid concrete blocks, relatively heavy and dense, are used for this shelter.
(See fig. 9, double-wall shelter.
The materials for a double-wall shelter would cost about $700.
This shelter, as shown on page 24, would provide almost absolute protection from fallout radiation.
Another type of shelter which gives excellent fallout protection can be built as an added room to the basement of a home under construction.
Lighting.
Vent pipes also are necessary (as shown in figs. 9, 10, and 11), but filters are not.
Other considerations.
Forty-nine hours after an atomic burst the radiation intensity is only about 1 percent of what it was an hour after the explosion.
How soon you may go outdoors;
The survival of the family will depend largely on information received by radio.
Provision for emergency toilet facilities and disposal of human wastes will be an unfamiliar problem.
A flame would use up air.
If there is time after the warning, the basement shielding could be improved substantially by blocking windows with bricks, dirt, books, magazines, or other heavy material.
A former Du Pont official became a General Motors vice president and set about maximizing Du Pont's share of the General Motors market.
353 U. S., at 606.
Section 7 is designed to arrest in its incipiency not only the substantial lessening of competition from the acquisition by one corporation of the whole or any part of the stock of a competing corporation, but also to arrest in their incipiency restraints or monopolies in a relevant market which, as a reasonable probability, appear at the time of suit likely to result from the acquisition by one corporation of all or any part of the stock of any other corporation.
We repeat, that the test of a violation of 7 is whether, at the time of suit, there is a reasonable probability that the acquisition is likely to result in the condemned restraints.
2.
The Court adopted this procedure with an appropriate time schedule for carrying it out.
On May 9, 1958, the Commissioner announced his rulings.
On June 6, 1958, General Motors submitted its objections to the Government's proposal.
While it is easy enough to ridicule Hawkins'pronouncement in Pleas Of The Crown from a metaphysical point of view, the concept of the "oneness" of a married couple may reflect an abiding belief that the communion between husband and wife is such that their actions are not always to be regarded by the criminal law as if there were no marriage.
Held: On the record in this case, the administrative procedures prescribed by the Act were fully complied with;
(C)
The trial judge decided that the administrative procedures of the Act were fully complied with and refused to require the production of such documents.
On November 13, 1952, he was classified in Class 1-a.
There followed a customary Department of Justice hearing, at which petitioner appeared.
Petitioner first contends that the Department denied him procedural due process by not giving him timely opportunity, before its final recommendation to the appeal board, to answer the statement of the local board as to his claim of devoting 100 hours to actual preaching.
348 U.S., at 412.
Section 6(j) of the Act, as we have held, does require the Department's recommendation to be placed in a registrant's file.
Having had every opportunity to rebut the finding of the local board before both the hearing officer and the appeal board, petitioner cannot now claim that he was denied due process because he did not succeed.
But this is fully answered by United States v. Nugent, supra.
That means that, if we are to achieve a new standard of leadership, we must think in terms of the total context of our situation.
If there is anything which we can do in the executive branch of the Government to speed up the processes by which we come to decisions on matters on which we must act promptly, that in itself would be a major contribution to the conduct of our affairs.
While observing the operations of our Government in various parts of the world, I have felt that in many situations where our policies were good we have tended to ignore minor problems which spoiled our main effort.
If any official operation abroad begins to go wrong, we shall look to the ambassador to find out why and to get suggestions for remedial action.
Chewing it over with his colleagues and in his own mind, he reaches a tentative identification of the question -- tentative because it may change as he explores it further and because, if no tolerable answer can be found, it may have to be changed into one which can be answered.
He is aware that every moderately important problem merges imperceptibly into every other problem.
Can the President or the Secretary act under existing authority, or will new legislation and new money be required?
We do not want policy officers below the level of Presidential appointees to concern themselves too much with problems of domestic politics in recommending foreign policy action.
While there should be no general age limit or restriction to one sex, there will be particular projects requiring special maturity and some open only to men or to women.
Wherever possible they should live with their host country counterparts.
For this, the Peace Corps should be administered by a small, new, alive agency operating as one component in our whole overseas operation.
If launched in a careful but determined way within the next few weeks, the Peace Corps could have several hundred persons in training this summer for placement next fall.
How will the Peace Corps be received abroad?
Our aim must be to learn as much as we teach.
An Advisory Council of outstanding public figures with experience in world affairs should be formed to give the program continuing guidance and to afford a focal point for public understanding.
It can also contribute to the education of America and to more intelligent American participation in the world.
The temporary Peace Corps will be a source of information and experience to aid us in formulating more effective plans for a permanent organization.
They will help provide the skilled manpower necessary to carry out the development projects planned by the host governments, acting at a working level and serving at great personal sacrifice.
Inventory and evaluate wildlife habitat resources in cooperation with other Federal agencies and with the States in which National Forests and Grasslands are located, as a basis for orderly development of wildlife habitat improvement and coordination programs, including (A) big-game, gamebird, and small-game habitat surveys and investigations on the 186 million acres of National Forests and Grasslands, (B) fishery habitat surveys and investigations on the 81,000 miles of National Forest fishing streams and nearly 3 million acres of lakes and impoundments, and (C) participation in planning, inspection, and control phases of all habitat improvement, land and water use projects conducted on National Forest lands by States, other Federal agencies, and private groups to assure that projects will benefit wildlife and be in harmony with other resource values.
The loss in growth of sawtimber because of damage by destructive agencies in the United States in 1952 was estimated to be about 44 billion board feet.
The work will consist of: 1.
4.
2.
Roads and trails
Construction and maintenance of this system is a responsibility of the Secretary of Agriculture.
(D)
About 26,500 miles of existing trails will be replaced in service by the construction of new roads.
In some units, National Forest ownership is well blocked together.
The change of emphasis from conventional-type to missile-type warfare must be made with care, mindful that the one type of warfare cannot be safely neglected in favor of the other.
Under modern conditions, this is especially true of the ready reserve.
Retired pay costs are increased by $94 million in 1961 over 1960, partly because of a substantial increase in the number of retired personnel.
Further increases arise from the civilian employee health program enacted by the Congress last year.
Procurement, research, and construction.
I urge once again that the Congress not reenact this rider.
Considering the high cost of the F-108 system -- over $4 billion for the force that had been planned -- and the time period in which it would become operational, it was decided to stop further work on the project.
Strategic forces.
Thus, the need for the B-70 as a strategic weapon system is doubtful.
3.
For United States expenditures under subsections (A), (B), (D), (E), (F), (H) through (R) of Section 104 of the Act or under any of such subsections, the rupee equivalent of $200 million.
The deposit of rupees to the account of the Government of the United States of America in payment for the commodities and for ocean transportation costs financed by the Government of the United States of America (except excess costs resulting from the requirement that United States flag vessels be used) shall be made at the rate of exchange for United States dollars generally applicable to import transactions (excluding imports granted a preferential rate) in effect on the dates of dollar disbursement by United States banks, or by the Government of the United States of America, as provided in the purchase authorizations.
Article 5, consultation
I have the honor to refer to the Agricultural Commodities Agreement signed today between the Government of the United States of America and the Government of India (hereinafter referred to as the Agreement) and, with regard to the rupees accruing to uses indicated under Article 2, of the Agreement, to state that the understanding of the Government of the United States of America is as follows: 1.
(B)
Unless within the sixty-day period the Export-Import Bank has received such a communication from the Department of Economic Affairs it shall be understood that the Department of Economic Affairs has no objection to the proposed loan.
Other economic development projects consistent with the purposes of Sections 104 (E) and 104 (G) of the Act.
The two Governments shall have the right at all reasonable times to examine such books and records and all other documents, correspondence, memoranda and other records involving transactions relating to agreed projects.
An example of the overall standards applied is the 20-to-1 ratio established for the determination of that degree of cochannel interference which is regarded as objectionable.
5.
These curves were derived by an analysis of extensive skywave measurement data.
To provide as many choices of service to as many listeners as possible;
class 1, -- B stations are protected at night to their 0.5-mv./m. 50-percent time skywave contours against cochannel interference.
On the remainder of the clear channels, the dominant (class 1) -- B stations are protected as described above, and the relatively small number of secondary (class 2)) stations permitted to operate on these channels at night are required to operate directionally and/or with reduced power so as to protect the class 1, stations.
Since then, there has been a notable increase in the number of stations and also the accumulation of additional data and the development of new techniques for using it, leading to a better understanding of propagation phenomena.
If the last day (due date) for performing any act for tax purposes, such as filing a return or making a tax payment, etc., falls on Saturday, Sunday, or a legal holiday, you may perform that act on the next succeeding day which is not a Saturday, Sunday, or legal holiday.
Their United States tax returns are due April 16, 1962.
Returns of estates or trusts are due on or before the 15th day of the 4th month after the close of the tax year.
Extensions while abroad.
When payment is due.
Refunds.
.
If you hold property for the production of rents or royalties you subtract, in computing Adjusted Gross Income, ordinary and necessary expenses and certain other deductions attributable to the property.
(See Chapter 10.
) 50% of capital gains.
Minors minors must also file returns if they earn $600 or more during the year.
Since he had gross income of $600 or more, he must file a return in which he may claim an exemption deduction of $600.
for such programs raise hopes of assistance toward achieving excellence in scholarship and the arts which are dashed when the programs are discontinued;
-- of new members through the Advisory Board.
The same is true of every foundation.
Also appointed to the Foundation's staff, as Assistant Secretary, is Mr. J. Kellum Smith, Jr.
Of this, examples are legion: Pericles speaking his funeral oration in Ancient Greece's extremity after Thermopylae and making it a testament of freedom;
and it is to be noted also that confidence should grow from remembering that great men often appeared in the past to turn local catastrophe into future good for all mankind.
And the reason this could happen is clear: men of government, business men, lawyers and all who concerned themselves with the welfare of their fellow men did not let their concern to run their businesses at a profit restrict the development of freedom and opportunity.
The eternal truth is that progress -- due, as it always is, to individual creative genius -- is just as dependent on freedom as human life is dependent on the beating of the heart.
When the Brown & Sharpe Manufacturing Company reached its 125th year as a going industrial concern during 1958, it became an almost unique institution in the mechanical world.
During these early years the repair of watches and clocks and the building of special clocks for church steeples formed an important part of the young man's occupation.
Throughout their careers, both Mr. Brown and Mr. Sharpe were interested in the problem of setting up standards of measurement for the mechanical trades.
Mr. Brown made important additions to the arts in screw machine design by drastically improving the means for revolving the turret, by introducing automatic feeding devices for the stock, and reversible tap and die holders.
Mr. Brown's invention achieved this and, as a byproduct, formed the cornerstone of Brown & Sharpe's position of leadership in the gear making equipment field which lasted until the 1920's when superceded by other methods.
As head of the firm Darling & Swartz, Mr. Darling began by challenging Brown & Sharpe to its keenest competition during the 1850's and early 60's.
During the early part of this century, the Brown & Sharpe works in Providence were unchallenged as the largest single manufacturing facility devoted exclusively to precision machinery and tool manufacture anywhere in the world.
Sales and net income for the year ended December 31, 1960 showed an improvement over 1959.
Such a depreciation policy would also, we believe, prove a very important factor in strengthening the competitive position of the U. S. textile and other industries, thus helping to strengthen the position of the dollar in foreign exchange.
In December we began to ship our ultra-high-speed stretch yarn machines.
This we believe will substantially broaden the potential market for the equipment.
New Unifil application
We are interested in further diversification into other fields of capital goods, or components for industrial products, and have recently intensified our efforts in that direction.
Further research, we believe, will develop important commercial applications.
An architect's sketch of the new plant is shown on the front cover.
In addition, land has been purchased to permit doubling the size of the plant in the future.
Inventories increased $625,561 to $8,313,514 during the year and should decline in coming months.
Another growth factor is increased consumer demand for better quality and larger quantities of fabrics that go with a rising standard of living.
The Carleton Service Fund provides the financial support for this program.
they perform at many campus social events.
The service is brief and variety in forms of worship is practiced.
Included are the following: Baptist Student Movement, Canterbury Club (Episcopal), Christian Science Organization, Friends'Meeting for Worship, Hillel (Jewish), Liberal Religious Fellowship, Lutheran Student Association, Newman Club (Roman Catholic), Presbyterian Student Fellowship, United Student Fellowship (Congregational-Baptist), and Wesley Fellowship (Methodist).
this workshop, located in Boliou Hall, provides facilities for students to work in ceramics, weaving, enameling, welding, woodworking, textile printing, printmaking, and lapidary.
A faculty committee on athletics, responsible to the faculty as a whole, exercises control over the athletic program of the College.
2.
This Association, organized in 1920, is affiliated with the Athletic Federation of College Women.
The Association participates in the winter sports carnival and sponsors several Play Days with St. Olaf and other nearby colleges.
The College also publishes each year The Report Of The Treasurer and a monthly newsletter entitled Carleton College Comments.
The Publications Board holds annual competitive examinations for places on the editorial and business staffs.
Campus broadcasting station
The shift in sentiment from excessive optimism early in the year to the present mood of caution has probably been a good thing, in that it has prevented the accumulation of the burdensome inventories that have characterized many previous swings in the business cycle.
For the year as a whole, retail sales of TV sets probably came to 5.8 million against 5.7 million in 1959;
I therefore believe it is realistic to assume a modest drop in the total value of home entertainment electronics to about $1.8 million, slightly below 1960, but above 1959.
it has been estimated that spending by the National Aeronautics and Space Administration will rise from less than $500 million in fiscal 1960 to more than $2 billion by 1967, and that the electronic industry's share of these expenditures will be closer to 50% than the current 20%.
Replacement parts
As I have indicated above, I base this feeling on a belief that current weakness in the market for consumer durable goods may continue through the early months of the year, but will give way to a sufficiently strong recovery later on to bring the full-year figures close to those of 1960;
He was named Product Manager of the Special Products Division of Sprague when it was founded in 1958, and was later promoted to his present post.
The appointment was made in a move to expand the engineering services offered to the designers of electronic systems through assistance in electro-magnetic compatability problems.
They, too, need to learn to delegate.
The cause is as often neglect as hesitance to disclose.
The president who appoints strong men who have an all-college or university point of view and a talent and respect for administration can count on useful assistance.
They evaluate and nominate candidates for appointment and promotion.
There are certain aspects of personnel development in which a president must involve himself directly.
In the second, more shops, laboratories, and staff will be required.
Implementation of the master plan will inevitably be uneven.
No matter how high the hopes and dreams of educators, budget making adjusts them to the cold realities of dollars and cents.
Here the reasonable mastery of the elements of administration can do much to free a president for his primary role.
1.
Of the remaining planets, only Mars and Saturn have been observed as radio sources, and not very much information is available.
Piddington and Minnett explained their observations by pointing out that rocklike materials which are likely to make up the surface of the moon would be partially transparent to radio waves, although opaque to infrared radiation.
It should be possible, however, to put useful limits on the diameters of the radio sources by observing with large reflectors or with interferometers.
The radio radiation of the sun which is reflected from the moon and planets should be negligible compared with their thermal emission at centimeter wave lengths, except possibly at times of exceptional outbursts of solar radio noise.
Not all the observers have used the same procedures or made the same assumptions about the lunar brightness distribution when reducing the data, and this, together with differences in the methods of calibrating the antennae and receivers, must account for much of the disagreement in the measured radio brightness temperatures.
The half-intensity diameter of the antenna beam was about 9', and the angle subtended by the moon included the entire main beam and part of the first side lobes.
The half-intensity diameter of the main lobe of the antenna was about 18'.5, and the brightness temperature was reduced by assuming a Gaussian shape for the antenna beam and a uniformly bright disk for the moon.
The high heat fluxes existing at the electrode surfaces of electric arcs necessitate extensive cooling to prevent electrode ablation.
Heat transfer by molecular conduction as well as by radiation from the arc column.
The use of high voltages and low currents by proper design to reduce electron heat transfer to the anode for a given power output.
The anode material was porous graphite.
The transpiring gas ejected from the anode formed a jet directed axially towards the cathode below.
This arrangement had the purpose to prevent heated gas to reach the thermocouple by natural convection.
At 100 Amp the 360 cycle ripple was less than 0.5 V (peak to peak) with a resistive load.
In order to reduce the number of variable parameters, all experiments were made with a constant arc length of 0.5" and a current of 100 Aj.
The rest of the surface had a temperature which decreased towards the outer diameter of the plug.
They showed no marked dependence on the flow rate within the accuracy of these measurements.
The temperature dependent value of **ye was taken from Ref. 7.
In this test a Af tape was pulled between the blocks with a motor and pulley at a rate of Af with a clearance of 0.002" on each side of the tape.
By this method it was determined that the normal pressure exerted by a sample of polybutene (molecular weight reported to be 770) was over half an atmosphere.
Such an instrument would be useful for the characterization of many commercial materials as well as theoretical studies.
The minimum total potential energy is found by taking the derivative with respect to H and equating to zero.
The concept of the strain energy as a Gibbs function difference Af and exerting a force normal to the shearing face is compatible with the information obtained from optical birefringence studies of fluids undergoing shear.
(Some suspensions break up before they are near to the direction of shear, and some become asymptotic to it without breakup.
There are no data published in the literature on the shape of low viscosity drops to confirm the above formulas.
This means that work equals Q which in turn equals Af.
The general theory of resonance shifts is used to derive a general expression for the second moment Af of a polycrystalline paramagnetic sample and is specialized to Af.
We first discuss the Af bond in Af.
Here the Af distance is 2.44 Aj.
This space group requires the hydrogen bond to be symmetric.
However, the possible absence of a center of symmetry not only moves the hydrogen atom off Af, but also allows the oxygen atoms to become nonequivalent, with Af at Af and Af at Af (space group Af), where Af represents the oxygens on one side of the Af layers and Af those on the other side.
Experimental procedures
Differential thermal analysis showed a very small endothermic reaction at 340-degrees-C and a large endothermic reaction at 470-degrees-C.
The x-ray diffraction pattern of the material, taken with CuK**ya radiation, indicated the presence of no extra lines and was in good agreement with the pattern of Douglass.
The magnetic resonance absorption was detected by employing a Varian model Af broad line spectrometer and the associated 12-inch electromagnet system.
This measurement was obtained by W. Blumberg of the University of California, Berkeley, by observing the breadth of the free induction decay signal.
The measured powder density of the Af used here was about Af, approximately one-third that of the crystal density (Af).
The market today for detergent builders is quite diverse.
Many scouring powders now also contain phosphates.
There are considerable differences between the requirements for textile and hard-surface cleaning.
In this way, numerical values for the relative efficacy of various detergent formulations can be obtained by measuring the reflectance (whiteness) of the cloth swatches before and after washing.
Physical chemistry of washing
The dirt on the soiled objects is mechanically held by surface irregularities to some extent.
Greasy soils are hardly removed by washing in plain water;
Obviously hydrophobic (oleophilic) substances such as greases, oils, or particles having a greasy or oily surface are more at home in the center of a micelle than in the aqueous phase.
Thus, for aqueous media, we can think of the idealized organic active as an oleophilic or hydrophobic surface-active agent, and of an idealized builder as a oleophobic or hydrophilic surface-active agent.
It is evident that the requirements imposed by these effects upon any one detergent constituent acting alone are severe.
Introduction
Experimental
Liter quantities of Mallinckrodt, low sulfur, reagent grade carbon tetrachloride were saturated with Af and Af and illuminated for about 50 hours with a 1000 watt tungsten lamp at a distance of a few inches.
-- The samples for liquid phase thermal reaction studies were prepared in Pyrex capillary tubing 2.5 mm. i.d. and about 15 cm. long.
Following reaction the cells were scratched with a file and opened under a 20% aqueous sodium iodide solution.
In addition to the method described in the section above, chlorine and radiochlorine were prepared by the electrolysis of a Af eutectic on the vacuum line, and by exchange of Af with molten Af.
Rather large differences were still found between reaction cells from different manifold fillings.
Data on such comparisons together with data on the effect of light intensity are given in Table 1.
The Poynting-Robertson effect causes the semi-major axis of orbits to diminish more rapidly than the semi-minor axis, with a consequent tendency toward circular orbits as the particles move toward the sun.
It is also possible that some of the dust in the vicinity of the Earth originated from meteoritic impacts upon the moon.
From the brightness of the F component of the solar corona and the brightness of the zodiacal light, an estimate of the particle sizes, concentrations, and spatial distribution can be derived for regions of space near the ecliptic plane.
this mass threshold was derived from the detector calibration and an assumed impact velocity of Af.
The day-to-day rate varied by less than a factor of 4.5.
However, one must expect that vaporization and ejection of material by hypervelocity impacts would cause a deviation from a linear relationship.
The velocity value used is also open to some question;
The values agree with the data from 1958 Alpha and 1959 Eta.
A concentration distribution has been derived from radar observations sensitive to the fifteenth magnitude (Manning and Eshleman, 1959).
5.4.
Man may also be injured secondarily by damage to his food crops or domestic animals.
Much information has been gathered relative to quantitative sampling and assesment techniques.
For example, bright sunlight is rapidly destructive for living microorganisms suspended in air.
The secondary consequences from this could be very serious and must be taken into consideration in planning for defense.
The behavior of a biological aerosol, on a much smaller scale, is illustrated by a specific field trial conducted with a non-pathogenic organism.
A rough attempt was made to characterize the vertical profile of the cloud by taking samples from outside the windows on the first, ninth, and fifteenth floors of a Government office building.
This was not, of course, enough sampling to give a satisfactory description of the vertical diffusion of the aerosol.
In this connection it should be capable of being disseminated without excessive destruction.
Biological agents are, of course, highly host-specific.
This, of course, does not eliminate from consideration for this purpose agents that are associated naturally with epidemic disease.
It should be no more difficult to deliver such devices than other weapons.
A variety of techniques have been directed toward the isolation and study of blood group antibodies.
Three of the anti-Rh sera used were taken from recently sensitized individuals.
In several instances group O cells were also used as controls.
The saline tubes were saved and used for the indirect Coombs test in the following manner.
This buffer, pH 8.6, was 0.005 M in Af and 0.039 M in tris(hydroxymethyl)-aminometha (Tris).
Approximately 165 fractions were obtained from each column.
The unstained strips were then marked, using the stained ones as a guide, and cut transversely so as to separate the various protein bands.
Experimental and results
This was particularly noticeable in group A and group B sera, in which cases activity in Regions 1 and 2 was usually not detectable without prior concentration and occasionally could not be detected at all.
the complete, in the latter part.
I must add at once that these animals are what we call "queens", young females that have mated in the previous summer or autumn.
Those are the nectaries or honey glands (Fig. 26, page 74).
If we manage to keep track of a Bombus queen after she has left her feeding place, we may discover the snug little hideout which she has fixed up for herself when she woke up from her winter sleep.
She continues to add to the pollen supply as needed.
It is an amazing fact that in some species this will happen while the summer is still in full swing, for instance, in August.
The female parasite spends much time in her efforts to find a nest of her host.
One of my favorites is A. armata, a species very common in England, where it is sometimes referred to as the lawn bee.
This must be due to a completely identical response to the weather, in the plant and the animal.
Nomia melanderi can be found in tremendous numbers in certain parts of the United States west of the Great Plains, for example, in Utah and central Washington.
yet the water in the ground should not be stagnant either.
Additional records of slow growth have been omitted.
It seems likely that the Indian python comes out ahead because records of its growth have been made more carefully and frequently;
Only the amethystine python and the anaconda must be excluded for lack or paucity of data.
Maximum length
The next level attempts to weigh varied evidence and come to a balanced, sensible conclusion;
Detailed information on record lengths of the giants is given in the section that follows.
Lawrence E. Griffin gives measurements of nineteen young anacondas, presumably members of a brood, from "South America";
It is very unlikely that either of these anacondas was growing at a normal rate.
Boa constrictor:
Carl Kauffeld has written to me of sexual activity in February 1943 of young born in March 1940.
The bronchial artery, except for a small number of short branches in the hilum, contributes none of the pleural blood supply.
This relationship, however, is not maintained centrally.
This was accounted for primarily by the presence of a bronchial artery closely following the pulmonary artery.
The significance of these differences has not been studied nor has the existence of corresponding physiologic differences been determined.
In addition, it would be difficult to imagine chronic generalized emphysema occurring in a cow, considering its marked lobular development but, conversely, not difficult to imagine this occurring in the horse or the dog.
However, this artery is known to be a nutrient vessel with a distribution primarily to the proximal airways and supportive tissues of the lung.
As early as 1913 Ghoreyeb and Karsner demonstrated with perfusion studies in dogs that bronchial artery flow would remain constant at a certain low level when pressure was maintained in the pulmonary artery and vein, but that increases in bronchial artery flow would occur in response to a relative drop in pulmonary artery pressure.
Nakamura ('58) was unable to demonstrate their existence, either by anatomic or physiologic methods, in dogs.
The main subgross anatomical features of the lungs of various mammals are presented.
Arterial supply to the pleura in types 1 and 3 is provided by the bronchial artery, and in type 2, by the pulmonary artery.
In contrast, 20 of the 21 lines in the Completion Profile (excluding center 5 for boys and 4 for girls) are bunched and extend over a much shorter period, approximately 30 months for boys and 40 months for girls.
There the middle one of the three curves denotes "mean Skeletal Age" for the Maturity Series boys and girls.
Fourth, the two indicators are for the most part widely separated chronologically, with the extensive age gap occurring during childhood for all but one growth center.
As one approach to doing this, Figures 3 and 4 have be constructed from the mean ages and the individual onset and completion ages for boy 34 and girl 2.
The difference between the sequence of Onset of ossification for the sexes governs the numbering sequence in Figures 3 and 4.
Figures 5 and 6 are examples of our method of analyzing the results for each growth center.
The correlation (Table 2) between onset age and completion age was -.50, and that between onset age and Span was -.10.
Boy 34, like girl 2, did not have "same schedule";
Taurog, Potter and Chaikoff, 1955;
Iodination of tyrosine, however, is not enough for the synthesis of hormone.
Similar findings have been noted in a patient with congenital absence of the organification enzymes, whose thyroid tissue could only concentrate iodide.
A study of their activity on thyroglobulin has shown that thyroxine is not preferentially released and that the degradation proceeds stepwise with the formation of macromolecular intermediates (Alpers, Petermann and Rall, 1956).
Antithyroid drugs are of two general types.
The effect of drugs that act on the iodide-concentrating mechanism can be counteracted by addition of relatively large amounts of iodine to the diet.
In the experimental animal and in man gross deficiency in dietary iodine causes thyroid hyperplasia, hypertrophy and increased thyroid activity (Money, Rall and Rawson, 1952;
The thyroid-stimulating hormone
The first attempts to isolate TSH came a decade later, when Janssen and Loeser (1931) used trichloroacetic acid to separate the soluble TSH from insoluble impurities.
Second, what is its concentration in normal circumstances and in what circumstances will this concentration depart from the normal level and in which direction?
The international unit (u.), adopted to make possible the comparison of results from different laboratories (Mussett and Perry, 1955), has been defined as the amount of activity present in 13.5 mg of the International Standard Preparation.
No additional transfusions were necessary after the institution of prednisone in July, 1957, in an initial dose of 40 mg. daily with gradual tapering to 10 mg. daily.
In an attempt to reverse the downhill trend by stimulating the bone marrow and controlling any hemolytic component, triamcinolone, 16 mg. daily, was begun on Sept. 26, 1958, and continued until Feb. 18, 1959.
Thyroid function tests yielded normal results.
Muscle weakness did not improve, and the patient needed first a cane, then crutches.
Findings at necropsy
The intima of the larger coronary arteries was thickened by fibrous tissue containing fusiform clefts and mononuclear cells.
Some of the sinusoids contained large numbers of nucleated red cells, and cells of the granulocytic series were found in small numbers.
Microscopically, the mucosa of the stomach showed extensive cytolysis and contained large numbers of Gram-negative bacterial rods.
Occasional tubules contained hyaline casts admixed with neutrophils.
Microscopic studies of the gastrocnemius, pectoralis major, transversus abdominis, biceps brachii, and diaphragm showed atrophy as well as varying degrees of injury ranging from swelling and vacuolization to focal necrosis of the muscle fibers.
The nuclei of these fibers, as is shown in Figures 3 and 4, showed remarkable proliferation and were closely approximated, forming a chainlike structure at either the center or the periphery of the fiber.
The proteins were extracted with 3 volumes of Af in Af to give a nearly neutral extract and precipitated by 80% saturation with Af.
until used they were stored for as long as 2 weeks.
After drying the sections under the fan, fixing in acetone, and drying at 37-degrees as in the indirect method, the sections were treated with conjugated Af or Af (undiluted unless mentioned otherwise) for 5 - 30 minutes.
indirect method.
Treatment of all the sera with sweet clover proteins greatly reduced nonspecific fluorescence, especially when the treated conjugate was diluted to 1: 2 with 0.85% saline.
Direct method.
After passing Af through DEAE-cellulose, the titer of antibodies to WTV in the specific fraction was 1: 4 of the titer before such passage (precipitin ring tests by R. F. Whitcomb);
Within the pseudophloem cells the distribution of WTV antigen was irregular in the cytoplasm.
Treatment of the conjugates with ethyl acetate, and the conjugates (which had been passed through Dowex-2-chloride) with mouse liver powder, sweet clover crown gall tissue powder, or healthy sweet clover proteins did not satisfactorily remove nonspecifically staining substances in the conjugates.
Since emotional reactions in the higher vertebrates depend on individual experience and are aroused in man, in addition, by complex symbols, one would expect that the hypothalamus could be excited from the cortex.
Previous experiences are obviously of great importance for the qualitative and quantitative emotional response.
Obviously, a vicious cycle develops.
Although no drugs act exclusively on the hypothalamus or a part of it, there is sufficient specificity to distinguish drugs which shift the hypothalamic balance to the sympathetic side from those which produce a parasympathetic dominance.
Some investigators have found a parallelism between remissions and return of the sympathetic reactivity of the hypothalamus to the normal level as indicated by the Mecholyl test and, conversely, between clinical impairment and increasing deviation of this test from the norm.
If, for instance, such a change is produced by one or a few insulin comas or electroshocks, previously inhibited conditioned reactions reappear.
If this is the case, one would expect that not only the various procedures just mentioned which alter the hypothalamic balance would influence emotional state and behavior but that emotion itself would act likewise.
Even when the intensity of the shocks was increased gradually, it failed to evoke any signs of pain.
15.
What can we do with the general T?
On the other hand, the null space of Af and the null space of Af together span V, the former being the subspace spanned by Af and the latter the subspace spanned by Af and Af.
Let Af be the null space of Af.
Since Af are distinct prime polynomials, the polynomials Af are relatively prime (Theorem 8, Chapter 4).
If Af, then Af is divisible by Af and so Af, i.e., Af.
Hence the minimal polynomial for Af is Af.
When Af for each i, we shall have Af, because the operator Af will then be 0 on the range of Af.
We have just observed that we can write Af where D is diagonalizable and N is nilpotent, and where D and N not only commute but are polynomials in T.
(Actually, a nilpotent operator on an n-dimensional space must have its T power 0;
Let V be a finite-dimensional vector space over an algebraically closed field F, e.g., the field of complex numbers.
If T is a linear operator on an arbitrary vector space and if there is a monic polynomial P such that Af, then parts (A) and (B) of Theorem 12 are valid for T with the proof which we gave.
Thus, the study of the solutions to the equation Af is reduced to the study of the space of solutions of a differential equation of the form Af.
Accordingly, the'functions'Af span the space of solutions of Af.
In repeated sets of five shots his numbers of bull's-eyes vary.
In general, any outcome we choose may be labeled "success".
Mathematically, we shall not distinguish the experiment of three dice tossed once from that of one die tossed three times.
0 times?
We also give, for each property, an example where the property is absent.
2.
We can escape from such a difficulty by ruling out the animal as not constituting a trial, but such a solution is not always satisfactory.
Strictly speaking, this means that the probability for each possible outcome of the experiment can be computed by multiplying together the probabilities of the possible outcomes of the single binomial trials.
Each person votes for one of a pair of pictures to receive a popular prize.
We want to study the probability function of this random variable.
To summarize:
Random variables.
These are real analytic periodic functions with period T.
As S approaches T the square will be outside C and therefore both Af and Af must cross C an odd number of times as S varies from zero to T.
otherwise, being analytic, they would coincide at all points, which is impossible since they do not coincide near Af.
An ordinary point will be any point of intersection A such that in every neighborhood of A in the C-plane, Af meets both the interior and the exterior of C.
We know that in the C-plane both C and Af are analytic.
It is also seen that Af, since the change from Af to Af is accomplished by a continuous translation.
A continuous change in T through an amount E results in a translation along an analytic arc of the curve Af.
With the above results we can make the following remarks about the graph of F.
We suppose not.
There must be an odd number of such components, which will be called complete components.
Proof.
Then in 2 we show that any line involution with the properties that (A) It has no complex of invariant lines, and (B) Its singular lines form a complex consisting exclusively of the lines which meet a twisted curve, is necessarily of the type discussed in 1.
Moreover, from the definitive transformation of intercepts on the generators of Af, it is clear that the only points of Q at which a line can meet its image are the points of Aj.
For the lines of any plane, **yp, meeting Q in a conic C, are transformed into the congruence of secants of the curve C'into which C is transformed in the point involution on Q.
Since two curves of symbol Af on Q intersect in Af points, it follows that there are Af lines of Af which are tangent to Aj.
The preceding observations make it clear that there exist line involutions of all orders greater than 1 with no complex of invariant lines and with a complex of singular lines consisting exclusively of the lines which meet a twisted curve Aj.
But if this is the case, then an arbitrary pencil of lines having a point, P, of **zg as vertex is transformed into a ruled surface of order Af having Af generators concurrent at P.
In the second, the fixed elements are the lines which join the vertex, P, to the two intersections of **zg and the plane of the pencil which do not lie on the multiple secant.
This contradicts the preceding observations, and so, under the assumption of this paper, we must reject the possibility that **zg is a Af curve on a quadric surface.
Feelings of a community of interest will have to be recreated -- in some of the new nations, indeed, they must be built for the first time -- on a new basis which looks toward the future and does not rely only on shared memories of the past.
Transitional societies
such is the mystique of planning that people expect that fulfillment of the plan will follow automatically upon its announcement.
Simultaneously we should be underlining the interrelationships of technical progress in various fields, showing how agricultural training can be introduced into education, how health affects labor productivity, how small business can benefit the rural farm community, and, above all, how progress in each field relates to national progress.
Lastly, governmental and private planners will at this stage begin to see large capital requirements looming ahead.
Several related tasks must be carried out if self-sustaining growth is to be achieved.
Technical assistance in training middle- and upper-level management personnel is still needed in many cases.
We have every obligation to take seriously their claims to being democratic and free countries;
This condition affects not only the conception but also the legislative and financial support of foreign policy, especially in the context of economic aid.
If the inner functions of religion are performed, the individual is a composed, ordered, motivated, and emotionally secure associate;
Related to this is the fact that most of the higher religions define for the individual his place in the universe and give him a feeling that he is relatively secure in an ordered, dependable universe.
Religion can summate, epitomize, relate, and conserve all the highest ideals and values -- ethical, aesthetic, and religious -- of man formed in his culture.
He has to cope with frustration and other emotional disturbance and anomie.
The value-system of a community or society is always correlated with, and to a degree dependent upon, a more or less shared system of religious beliefs and convictions.
for example, marriage as a sacrament, much law-breaking as sinful, occasionally the state as a divine instrument.
Some of the oldest, most persistent, and most cohesive forms of social groupings have grown out of religion.
the more extensive and firm the body of doctrine, the firmer the group.
The unifying effect of religion is also brought out in the fact that historically peoples have clung together as more or less cohesive cultural units, with religion as the dominant bond, even though spatially dispersed and not politically organized.
At the same time that religion exercises a conserving influence, it also energizes and motivates both individuals and groups.
Religion has its own supernatural prescriptions that are at the same time codes of behavior for the here and now.
In the family's own words (during the third of twelve visits), they had "reached the crisis peak -- either the situation will give or we will break"!
The unhealthy use of denial in the initial reaction to a stress must be handled through the medium of a positive controlled transference.
We are preventing or averting pathogenic phenomena such as undue regression, unhealthy suppression and repression, excessive use of denial, and crippling guilt turned against the self.
Having outlined an approach to the theory and practice of preventive casework, we now address ourselves to our final question: What place should brief, crisis-oriented preventive casework occupy in our total spectrum of services?
Of startling significance, too, is the assertion that it was possible to carry out this program with only a 6 percent attrition rate as compared with a rate of 59 percent reported for a comparable group of families who were receiving help in traditionally operated child guidance services.
Moreover, the shortage of treatment resources and the chronically persistent shortage of mental health manpower force us to innovate additional refinements of preventive intervention techniques to make services more widely available -- and on a more effective basis to more people.
The relative geographical isolation of the Brandywine population makes for a limited choice in mating.
The norms, as elements, refer to "all criteria for judging the character or conduct of both individual and group actions in any social system".
This would seem to vary from family to family, depending somewhat on the core or marginal "status" of that family.
Sanctions.
Roles of various types, within the larger system and within the subgroups 3.
However, it cannot be presumed, informal though the structure of the population seems, that there are not well-defined roles within the system.
Integration "has to do with the inter-relation of parts".
Loomis considers six such processes in his paradigm.
Social control
This conclusion is, however, an over-simplification.
Socialization.
" The external pattern or external system can be considered as "group behavior that enables the group to survive in its environment.
A unified set of regulations, applicable to all areas, was issued in 1929, and a complementary series of demographic inquiries in selected areas was instituted at the same time.
So a quick count could be made at any time, even by an illiterate clerk, of the number of registered persons in four age-and-sex classes.
The areas to be examined in these inquiries were selected by local officials, supposedly as representative of a larger population.
In spite of the defects in this system, the figures on total population during the late 1930's and again in the early 1950's seem to have represented actual conditions in most districts with approximate fidelity.
Somewhat similar investigations have been made by medical officers in other areas.
A Bureau De La Demographie (A. Romaniuk, Director) was formed under AIMO in the Congo, to work in close rapport with the Section Statistique of the Secretariat General.
Field operations were transferred from administrative personnel primarily engaged in other tasks to specially trained teams of full-time African investigators (three teams, each working in two provinces).
About 11 percent of the total population was covered in the new investigation, as compared with about 3 percent in the previous inquiries.
It supplies local data which are useful in administration and which can be used as a basis for intensive studies in particular situations.
It is planned to double the number of teams and to make use of improved equipment in a second demographic inquiry in 1960, so that the inquiry can be carried through in one year and the results published more expeditiously.
In their own words, it had aided them to get a clearer picture of how they had gotten into their marriages, and perhaps they had obtained some insights on why certain troubles appeared from time to time.
Thus, the writer decided to hold one experimental section of the functional preparation for marriage course in the spring semester of 1960 exclusively for persons already married -- that is, prerequisite: "marriage".
(2) Auditors were encouraged.
This experimental class represented quite a variety of students.
This is to say that this was not a course in wise buying or money spending methods, nor a course in how to raise children.
The writer never knew from week to week just where the section might be.
Supplemental outside reading reports were handled just as in the other sections, the major difference being that there was a noticeably deeper level in the reported outside reading by the married group.
From here they proceeded to (3) These same areas in relation to their own future family life stages, developing these to the extent of examining various crises which could be expected to confront them at some time or other.
Both sexes reported that the discussions on sex adjustment within marriage were extremely enlightening.
There was also one spontaneous abortion during the semester.
Some predictions had been made concerning factors R, N, I and Co on these inventories which appeared to be directly related to control and security aspects of personality functioning which were hypothesized as being of importance in differential Kohnstamm reactivity.
Individual differences in Kohnstamm reactivity to controlled Kohnstamm situations were found among the subjects used in the study.
Those who responded with an arm-elevation in the naive state did not change their reaction when told that there were some normal people who did not react in this fashion.
While they were told that there were some normal people who reacted differently than they had, they were also informed that there were other normals who reacted as they had.
There was evident delight on the part of the subject in response to her experience of the freedom of movement.
Another said that her arm did not go up at first "because I wouldn't let it;
One Kohnstamm-positive subject who had both arms rise while being tested in the naive condition described her subjective experience as follows: "You feel they're going up and you're on a stage and it's not right for them to do so and then you think maybe that's what's supposed to happen".
This occurred in spite of the rational awareness that the ball should be going downhill.
It would have been desirable for the two communities to have differed only in respect to the variable being investigated: the degree of structure in teaching method.
For purposes of sample selection only (individual tests were given later) we obtained group test scores of reading achievement and intelligence from school records of the entire third-grade population in each school system.
An interview schedule of open-ended questions and a multiple-choice questionnaire were prepared, and one parent of each of the sample children was seen in the home.
Castaneda, et al revised the Taylor Anxiety Scale for use with children.
The issue of interaction between anxiety and compulsivity will be taken up later.
The relationship of intelligence test scores to school achievement is a well-established fact (in this case, Af);
test of interaction of compulsivity and teaching methods
It is interesting to note that medium compulsives in the unstructured schools made the lowest achievement scores (although not significantly lower).
The most striking aspect of the interaction demonstrated is the marked decrement in performance suffered by the highly anxious children in unstructured schools.
Apparently academic challenge in the structured setting creates an optimum of stress so that the child with high anxiety is able to achieve because he is aroused to an energetic state without becoming confused or panicked.
Roleplaying can be done for quite a different purpose: to evaluate procedures, regardless of individuals.
In place of asking salesmen to fill questionnaires, checking their references, interviewing them, asking them to be tried out, he told them he would prefer to test them.
Ten salesmen were tested in the morning and ten more in the afternoon.
At the end of work one day, the personnel man took the applicants one at a time, asked them to sit behind the receptionist's desk and he then played the role of a number of people who might come to the receptionist with a number of queries and for a number of purposes.
He seemed to antagonize everyone.
He refused to change his approach, and instead he attacked high and low -- the officials for their not backing him, and subordinates for their laxness, stupidity, and stubbornness.
He was told he displayed, for example, a sense of superiority -- and he answered: "Well, I am supposed to know all the answers, aren't I"?
Eighteen errors were located, and then the director asked each individual to vote whether or not they felt that this manager had made the particular errors.
In life we learn to play our roles and we "freeze" into patterns which become so habitual that we are not really aware of what we do.
This behavior is more "veridical" -- or true -- than other testing behavior for some types of evaluation, and so can give quick and accurate estimates of complex functioning.
One learns to become alert to changes in his vocal tone -- to his voice's suddenly shifting to a quality not like his usual one, a quality which sounds somehow artificial or, in some instances, parrot-like.
I could evoke no further elaboration from her about this;
Earlier, this woman had been so filled with a chaotic variety of introjects that at times, when she was in her room alone, it would sound to a passerby as though there were several different persons in the room, as she would vocalize in various kinds of voice.
Condensation.
When the therapist came to feel on sufficiently sure ground with him to ask him, "What is that, Bill -- hello or farewell"?
In my experience, a great many of the patient's more puzzling verbal communications are so for the reason that concrete meanings have not become differentiated from figurative meanings in his subjective experience.
The many linguistic techniques for reducing the amount of dictionary information that have been proposed all organize the dictionary's contents around prefixes, stems, suffixes, etc.
We accomplish this by compiling a list of text forms as text is read by the computer.
The first is compiling a list of text forms, assigning an information cell to each, and replacing text occurrences with the information cell assigned to the form of each occurrence.
Let us assume that Af is identical to the form of an occurrence Af which preceded Af in the text.
The cell Af becomes the second information cell in the chain and is assigned as the information cell of Af.
This initiates the second step of glossary lookup -- connecting the information cell of forms in the text-form list to dictionary forms.
The dictionary form is compared with each of these text forms.
The grammatical descriptions of all forms in the dictionary are recorded in a separate part of the dictionary file.
The only requirements on dictionary information made by the text-lookup operation are that each form represented by the dictionary be available for lookup in the text-form list and that information for each form be available in a sequence identical with the sequence of the forms.
Thus, one can think of a dictionary entry as a word rather than a form.
The tendency is toward putting dominant stress at the end.
but dominant stress will be assigned to broken only in rather exceptional versions of the sentence.
If the answer to what was that noise?
The personal pronouns and substitute one are normally unstressed because they refer to what is prominent in the immediate context.
In I have things to do the word things makes little real contribution to meaning and has weaker stress than do.
Where there is comparison or contrast, dominant stresses normally operate to center attention.
When a word represents a larger construction of which it is the only expressed part, it normally has more stress than it would have in fully expressed construction.
Thus to has light stress both in that was the conclusion that I came to and in that was the conclusion I came to.
In the first of these sentences if by is the complement of come and Tuesday is an adjunct of time equivalent to on Tuesday, there will be strong stress on by in the spoken language;
Sometimes even the number of syllables is not clear.
Even beginning students in linguistics are made familiar with an appreciable variety of consonant systems, both in their general outlines and in many specific details.
Analyses such as these four will simultaneously combat the assumptions that tone is impossible and that it is simple.
One issue that must be faced is the relative difficulty of analysis of different phonologic subsystems.
With tone, individual differences may be greater than the linguistic contrasts which are superimposed on them.
This explanation of tone difficulties, however, does not apply in all languages.
Consonantal systems are not merely larger, they are multidimensional.
The statement of the system is a different matter.
Many of the suggested systems seem to have only the most tenuous relationship to the language structures that they purport to represent.
He concludes that some changes can be made in the current orthography which will appreciably improve its usefulness, but hesitates to suggest precise graphic devices to effect these changes.
But it does not, as it claims, demonstrate that this could not be treated by traditional methods.
This may be because the Athabascan divergence began earlier;
The result is that I included 70 animal names, but Swadesh only 4;
(4) verbs (9, 22 terms), ratios 4.0 versus 3.4.
For Athabascan, with a greater range of stems, the first two of five corresponding columns were identical, 1 and 2 stems;
If it were wholly random and unrelated, it would be 2.0, assuming the five classes were equal in n, which approximately they are.
Thomas also presents a simple equation for deriving an index of persistence, which weights not only the number of stems ('roots') per meaning, but their relative frequency.
I was at least conscious of the distinction in my full Yokuts presentation that awaits publication, in which, in listing'Two-Stem Meanings', I set off by asterisks those forms in which N of stem B was Af of stem A/3, the unasterisked ones standing for Af;
And why that insistence?
They isolate out easily, naturally, and unambiguously from the continuum of nature and existence;
The remote, cloudy, possible has values of its own -- values of scope, stimulus, potential, and imagination.
I would propose, next, as the prime requirement for constitution of new basic lists, items whose forms show as high an empirical retention rate as possible.
The long delay in opening the Second Front was now working to Russia's advantage.
In the Dunn-Atherton memorandum of February 4, 1942, the State Department had expected to be able to hold Russia in check by withholding agreement to her 1941 boundaries.
The moving of millions of the German master-race, from the very heart of Junkerdom, to make room for the Polish Slavs whom they had enslaved and openly planned to exterminate was a drastic operation, but there was little doubt that it was historically justified.
Roosevelt acted as moderator of the long debate on this issue.
In other words, the Soviet Union was determined to create a Poland so strong as to be a powerful bulwark against Germany and so closely tied to Russia that there would never be any question of her serving as a cordon sanitaire against the Soviets or posing as an independent, balancing power in between Russia and Germany.
Later it developed that the Soviets had a very different interpretation of democracy, which will be discussed later, and their judgment never told them that the Big Three should unite in establishing democratic conditions, as we understand them, within their zone of influence.
.
Years of war, strain, and hatred;
Considerable technical skill was used and the administration of the elections was generally above reproach.
From the very beginning the electoral discussions raised fundamental issues in Moroccan politics, precisely the type of questions that were most difficult to resolve in the new government.
Despite the internal and international crises that harassed Morocco the elections remained a central issue.
In the new country the electoral process is considered as a means of resolving fundamental, and sometimes bitter, differences among leaders and also as a source of policy guidance.
Since a national interpretation cannot be avoided it is unfortunate that the elections were not held in a way to maximize party responsibility and the educational effect of mass political participation.
The U.N.F.P. learned that its urban organization, which depends heavily on U.M.T. support, was most effective.
Apart from some areas of recurring trouble, like Bani Mellal, where inexperienced officials had been appointed, there is little evidence that local officials intervened in the electoral process.
The government was most anxious that there be a respectable response.
Current programs
Federal assistance is limited to half of the total expenditure, and the state or local districts must pay at least half.
There are a great number and variety of private commercial schools, trade schools and technical schools.
In Illinois about 13 per cent of the schools have programs, and in Pennsylvania 11 per cent.
An extension of this program into the other distressed areas should be undertaken.
The opportunity exists for states to reserve some of their vocational education funds to apply on an ad hoc flexible basis to subsidize any local preemployment training programs that may be quickly set up in a community to aid a new industrial plant.
This procedure is extremely shortsighted in chronic labor surplus areas with a long history of declining employment.
There is little evidence that existing public or private training programs have any great difficulty getting students to enroll in their programs, even though they must pay tuition, receive no subsistence payments, and are not guaranteed a job.
Only the Federal government is likely to be able to take a long-run and nation-wide view and to pay for training to meet national skilled manpower needs.
This would heighten possibilities for part-time cooperative, on-the-job and extension training.
After all, too much does not happen too suddenly, nor does very little take long.
As the number of reported freight car loadings increased, this was taken to indicate increased industrial activity, and consequently increased stock earnings, implying fatter dividends, and implying therefore increased stock market prices.
They plot the open interest curves, rainfall curves, and they even divide Democratic congressmen by Republican congressmen.
Or, to use the cynical phraseology of one odd-lot index enthusiast, they represent a sampling of the least sophisticated echelon of traders.
Thus, in the aggregate, the odd-lot trader is one who buys at the tops and sells at the bottoms, notwithstanding occasional individual exceptions.
And the public minus the "public" leaves the so-called "sophisticated" element -- the element on the other end of the "public's" transactions.
Needless to say, strong hands are not eager to be joined by weak hands, for this increases the risk that they will have to absorb what these weak hands unload on the way up, at higher prices, during the run-up phase of the campaign.
The usefulness of this study and of configuration analysis as well, declines in direct proportion to the dissemination of its use.
What with traders trading for so many different objectives, and what with there being so many unique and individualized market theories and trading techniques in use, and more coming into use all the time, it is hard to imagine how any particular theory or technique could acquire enough "fans" to invalidate itself.
Moreover, the trend of general business activity in 1961 will exert a decisive influence on fiscal, monetary, and other Federal policies which affect interest rates.
On the other hand, in a more favorable vein, general business activity should receive some stimulus from rising Federal spending, and the reduction in business inventories has probably run a good part of its course.
Certainly a further reduction in the discount rate would be a strong possibility, as well as an easier reserve position for the banking system.
My answer is in the negative because I believe that total capital demands during the Sixties will continue to press against available supplies, and interest rates will generally tend to be firm at high levels.
During the Sixties we have the prospect of a significant stepping up in the rate of household formations, which should contribute to a rising volume of consumer expenditures and home building.
State and local expenditures (in real terms) increased persistently from $26.5-billion in 1949 to $44.3-billion in 1959, and it would not be surprising if they showed a comparable increase in this decade, which would carry them to the neighborhood of $75-billion by 1970.
In a way, we may be witnessing the same thing in the sales of automobiles today as the public no longer is willing to purchase any car coming on the market but is more insistent on compact cars free of the frills which were accepted in the Fifties.
While there may be several such industries to which the model of this paper is applicable, the authors make particular claim of relevance to the explanation of the course of wages and prices in the steel industry of the United States since World War 2.
Part 4, is a brief summary.
The demand for the industry's product
The industry of this model is so important that its wage and price policies are affected with a public interest.
The foreign-entry-limit price would be approached more rapidly, since domestic wage-rates do not enter foreign costs directly.
Thus, the public-limit price is raised further by a given wage increase the longer it has been since the previous price increase.
The level of average cost (equal to marginal cost) is thus strictly a function of the wage rate.
We assume further that the union recognizes the possibility that price-level increases may offset wage-rate increases, and it does not entirely disregard the effect of price increases arising from its own wage increases upon the "real" wage rate.
2, the operation of the model
In both respects, international law was Europeanized.
More emphasis was put upon the fact that international law was the law of "civilized nations";
that is, from aspects of a universal system of Justice into particular rules governing the relations of sovereign states.
It reached its ultimate philosophical statement in notions of "state will" put forward by the Germans, especially by Hegel, although political philosophers will recognize its origins in the rejected doctrines of Hobbes.
Related to, but distinguishable from, nationalism was the growth of democracy in one form or another.
Indeed, with developed positivism, the separation of law from justice, or from morality generally, became quite specific.
It was merely a rationalization and ordering of new institutions of popular government.
Government itself was based upon contract;
Private international law (which Americans call the "conflict of laws") was thus segregated from international law proper, or, as it is often called, public international law.
Serious difficulty arose with the advent of Substantive Due Process.
Meanwhile, the Supreme Court, like Congress, showed misgivings concerning this aspect of government by injunction.
"The resources of equity are equal to an adjustment that will avoid the waste of a tentative decision as well as the friction of a premature constitutional adjudication".
"By one fell swoop the Court now finds that Congress indulged in needless legislation in the acts of 1910, 1913, 1925, 1934 and 1937.
(2) displacement of state law by federal law in state courts in all actions regarding collective bargaining agreements;
And let it do its own lawmaking and not leave that to federal judges.
Federal review of state decisions
Litigants who choose to assert federal claims in a state court go into that court subject to its rules of procedure.
But the form in which the claim must be stated need not be different from what the State exacts in the enforcement of like obligations created by it, so long as a requirement does not add to, or diminish, the right as defined by Federal law, nor burden the realization of this right in the actualities of litigation".
or requiring a transferor to carry over its method of depreciation (section 381(c)(6)), but not allowing rapid amortization of emergency facilities transferred in a reorganization;
Refund claims
A tax-free reorganization not complying with the merger or consolidation statutes of the states involved is difficult to fit into an "operation of law" mold.
Revenue Ruling 54-17 provides that if the corporation against which a tax was assessed has since been liquidated by merger with a successor corporation, a claim for refund should be filed by the successor in the name and on behalf of the corporation which paid the tax, followed by the name of the successor corporation.
In fact, a cash purchase of a corporation's stock followed by liquidation might also be an effective way to transfer a claim for refund if the Kimbell-Diamond doctrine is not applied to eliminate the intermediate step.
If the transferor has substantial assets other than the claim, it seems reasonable to assume no corporation would be willing to acquire all of its properties in the dim hope of collecting a claim for refund of taxes.
Similar considerations presumably made it difficult to prescribe a general rule where the acquired and acquiring corporations have different methods of accounting (section 381(c)(4)) or depreciation (section 381(c)(6)).
it is a tax benefit which might be of substantial value to a corporation which expects to have a high excess profits tax.
As a result, it was decided that a mail questionnaire sent to a large number of companies would be more effective in determining the general practices and opinions of small firms and in highlighting some of the fundamental and recurring problems of defense procurement that concern both industry and government.
The research team was very mindful of these dangers and limitations of a mail questionnaire.
Information for classifying respondents (Part A of the questionnaire) 2.
C.
The method of compiling the AIA and TR lists will be described later.
The first was a list of fourteen manufacturing companies located in the state of Washington which were personally known to the research team to be active in defense work.
The third list was selected by the research team on a random basis from the Thomas Register.
If the bottom name in each column did not have a responsible executive identified, the next name above which identified such a responsible executive was substituted.
The second test mailing (to 100 companies) was made in July, 1960.
Each questionnaire was audited for obvious mistakes and for comments, and was identified by a serial number, by the source list from which the company name was selected, and by the geographical location of the company as determined by the postmark on the return envelope.
The second step in processing was to compare the responses from companies on the AIA list with those from companies on the TR list in order to determine whether it would be appropriate to merge the responses for the purposes of the study.
Inevitably, one side was pleased and the other displeased, regardless of how we ruled.
As a result of these changed conditions, the impact of the organizational effort on agricultural labor-management relations has been much greater than in the past.
However, when labor disputes arise, its provisions come clearly into play.
In analyzing this regulation, let us take the last sentence first.
Into court
It accordingly refused to assume jurisdiction, whereupon the California Superior Court made the restraining order permanent.
Only when a decision is rendered by the District Court of Appeal (or, of course, the Supreme Court) is a binding precedent established.
A decision to refer workers to jobs vacant because of a strike would have to be applied equally to nonagricultural situations, and might in effect place the public employment services in the position of acting as strikebreakers.
Or should it have a broader connotation of including wage demands and other factors not necessarily associated with the mechanics of "filling" the job.
10.
The following generalizations about the emotional characteristics of elementary-school children may be helpful.
5.
The following summary will give the student some idea about the social characteristics of elementary-school children;
such factors as sex, intelligence, and status in the group do not influence his choice much at this time.
6.
he wants to be with people, but he hasn't yet learned to cooperate.
Indeed, a study of the individual child is an integral part of the work of the elementary-school teacher, rather than merely an additional chore.
It is easy for the teacher to rationalize that the child who is not achieving in accordance with his known ability is just plain lazy, or that the child who lacks interest in school, who dislikes the teacher, or who is overaggressive is a hopeless delinquent.
An impoverished home that may discourage one child may constitute the motivation causing another to work harder for successful achievement in school.
Chapter 15 provides more detailed information about specific techniques used in evaluating pupil progress.
The Summary Report, which was prepared for this Conference, indicates, first, that actual or pending school desegregation is increasing;
Elementary school desegregation came to Owen and Union Counties, which already had high school desegregation.
The Third Circuit Court of Appeals is reviewing an appeal from the plan.
Before turning to my views as to the problems and issues before us at this Regional Conference, I wish to note a small item in the Summary Report as it refers to the District of Columbia.
Problems to solve
It may be county school board or state school board action, as well as that of municipal school boards.
Fifth, in the segregated school system or in the all-Negro or all-white schools, how can we encourage better group relations or an improved attitude toward people who do not belong to the group?
Shall we therefore oppose the plan?
The earlier part of my statement deals with the court orders that resulted in desegregation.
This is the Powell Amendment, which in 1957 divided even a "liberal" group like the American Veterans Committee (AVC).
Or is this subject a matter of self-determination, a matter of states rights or county rights?
Nearly half the children still receive no education.
In general, it appears that trustees and board members attempt to represent the public interest in their administration of educational policy, and this is made easier by the fact that the dominant values of the society are middle-class values, which are generally thought to be valid for the entire society.
The members of the educational profession have a major voice in the determination of educational policy, their position being strongest in the universities.
One upward-mobile teacher may be a hard taskmaster for lower-class pupils because she wants them to develop the attitudes and skills that will enable them to climb, while another upward-mobile teacher may be a very permissive person with lower-class pupils because he knows their disadvantages and deprivations at home, and he hopes to encourage them by friendly treatment.
Compared with the college and university faculty members of the period from 1900 to 1930, the new postwar faculty members consist of more children of immigrants and more children of urban working-class fathers.
For instance, there have been two Presidential Commissions on higher education since World War 2.
These people are practically always upper- or upper-middle-class persons, who attempt to act in what they regard as the interest of the entire society.
Educational policy in the United States has as an explicit goal the maximization of economic and cultural opportunity.
The recent federal government's student-loan program is another step in the direction of making higher education more available to lower-status youth.
The double-step type
) has amounted to about one third of those total revenue requirements which the carload freight business is supposed to be called upon to meet.
Instead, all of the total costs are treated as variable costs, although these costs are divided into costs that are deemed to be functions of different variables.
Here, an apportionment, say, of $5,000,000 of the total costs to residential service as a class would include an allowance of perhaps 6 per cent as the cost of whatever capital is deemed to have been devoted to the service of the residential consumers.
That is to say, an allowance for "cost of capital" will be assumed to be included directly in the cost apportionment.
The simplest division, and the one most frequently used (with subdivisions) in gas and electric rate cases, is a threefold division of the total operating and capital costs into "customer costs", "energy" or "volumetric costs", and "demand" or "capacity" costs.
Included as a minimum are the costs of metering and billing along with whatever other expenses the company must incur in taking on another consumer.
(cf. Rapoport, 1959:
Philosophy can supply adequate criteria of meaning in the selection of socially viable categories.
But contrary to Whitehead, philosophy is not a synonym for Plato.
It has surrendered any claims of description in favor of psychological accounts of nothingness, as in Heidegger's system (1929).
Beyond this, philosophy may urge the social sciences forward by asking the type of question that falls outside the present scope of social inquiry, but within its potential domain of relevance.
Philosophy can prevent the working scientist from becoming slothful and self-content by noting the assumptions and level at which a hypothesis or theory is framed.
In this, philosophy and science share a common goal.
When dealing with the actual relation of philosophy to the sociology of knowledge, or better the role of philosophy in assisting research on the social sources of ideas, one has to become necessarily selective.
As Simmel (1908) and Dilthey (1922) indicated, questions of whether the value of life is individual or social are not questions, but assertions of faith made to appear as legitimate questions.
Uncertainty overcoming itself is the precondition of the quest for new and more precise information about the world.
They explained value judgments by explaining them away.
We come upon a rabbit that has been caught in one of the brutal traps in common use.
nothing evil was happening when that pain was being endured;
It removes our present expression and shows that the badness we meant would not be affected by this, whereas on positivist grounds it should be.
If we did not mean to say this, why should we be so relieved on finding that the suffering had not occurred?
When we come upon the rabbit and make our remark about its suffering being a bad thing, we presumably make it with some feeling;
We should say that we made our point with feeling the first time and little or no feeling the second time, but that it was the same point we were making.
Whatever the unhappy inmates of such camps are like today, Dostoevsky's companions were about as grim a lot as can be imagined.
Would condemnation be fitting if, independently of the condemnation, there were nothing bad to condemn?
The injured German veteran was a former miner, twenty-four years old, who had been wounded by shrapnel in the back of the head.
This is an assumption with which few would be disposed to quarrel.
The supposed tactual sense of spatial location and orientation in the patient and his ability to specify the location of a member, as well as the direction and scope of a movement, passively executed (with one of his members), proved to have been, on the contrary, very considerably affected".
And so the authors conclude: "The conduct of the patient in his every-day life and in his work, even more than the foregoing facts (mentioned above under 1), leave positively no room for doubt that the sense of touch, in the ordinary sense of the word, was unaffected;
According to his own testimony, he never actually saw things as shaped but only as generally amorphous "blots" of color of a more or less indefinite size;
In short, both his own declarations and his figural blindness, when he looked at objects, seem to present undeniable evidence that he had simply no visual memory at all.
Dice, for example, he inferred from black dots on a white surface.
When the patient was not allowed to move his body in any way at all, the following striking results occurred.
In the vases this spirit may perhaps at times bore or repel one in its internal self-satisfaction, but the best of the Geometric pins have rightly been considered among the most beautiful ever made in the Greek world.
Those modern scholars who urge that we must keep in mind the fundamental continuity of Aegean development from earliest times -- granted occasional irruptions of peoples and ideas from outside -- are correct;
The same conclusions can be drawn from the other physical evidence of the Dark ages, from linguistic distribution, and from the survivals of early social, political, and religious patterns into later ages.
To interpret, indeed, the era from 1000 to 800 as a period mainly of consolidation may be a necessary but unfortunate defect born of our lack of detailed information;
the ceramic material of the age is more abundant, more diversified, and more indicative of the hopes and fears of its makers, who begin to show scenes of human life and death.
While many tokens point forward, the main achievements stand as a culmination of the simple patterns of the Dark ages.
On this principle of division I must postpone the evolution of sculpture, architecture, society, and politics;
The vases which resulted had different shapes, far more complex decoration, and a larger sense of style.
To the ancestral lore, however, new materials were added.
Even while suffering the trip to his home, Cook swore to Moore and Lane that he would kill the Indian.
Suspecting an ambush, the two deputies decided to ride up a side canyon taking a short cut into Catskill.
Bullets were so thick, throwing sand in his face, that he found it difficult to return the fire.
The men inside informed him that they had some wounded men among them but he would not be allowed to see them even though he offered medical aid.
His friends advised that it would be only a question of time until either the Mexicans killed him by ambuscade or he would be compelled to kill them in self-defense, perpetuating the troubles.
nothing accomplished, and the whole distribution of justice in this county seems to be an absolute farce".
The posse then asked that he send out the women and children as the building would be fired or torn down over his head if necessary to take him dead or alive.
Several slugs fired into the bed jerked aside the blanket to reveal an apparently lifeless hand.
Thus he wired J. P. Lower and Sons of Denver: "Have you any percussion hand grenades for throwing in a house or across a well loaded with balls or shrapnel shot?
B. J. Connell is the present treasurer and manager.
At any rate, Manchester did not lag far behind the first commercial system which was set up in 1844 between Baltimore and Washington.
In 1879 the same Clark Wait, with H. H. Holley of South Dorset, formed the "American Telegraph Line", extending from Manchester Depot via Factory Point and South Dorset to Dorset.
F. H. Walker, superintendent;
New Yorkers were kept informed of scores by reporters who telegraphed fifteen to twenty thousand words daily to the metropolitan newspapers.
The first known telephone line in Manchester was established in July 1883 between Burr and Manley's store at Manchester Depot and the Kent and Root Marble Company in South Dorset.
Anyone fortunate enough to have one of those early phones advertised the fact along with the telephone number in the Manchester Journal.
Electric power
This was nearly completed May 23, 1901 with a promise of lights by June 10, but the first light did not go on until September 28.
This was fortunate, as the Vail plant burned in 1905.
That a writer who is gay cannot be serious is a common professional illusion, sedulously fostered by all too many academics who mistakenly believe that their frivolous efforts should be taken seriously because they are expressed with that dreary solemnity which is the only mode of expression their authors are capable of.
And the evidence that he does, indeed, stand there derives quite simply from the vigorous interest with which rather casual readers have responded to that book for the past century or so.
What is new about it?
But although the idea of communism is very old even in More's day and did not spring full-clad from his imagination in 1515, it is not communism as such that we are concerned with.
Utopian communism applies to all Utopians.
The actual function of patristic communism was adequately set forth by St. Gregory almost a millenium before More wrote Utopia.
In all the respects just indicated Utopian communism differs from previous conceptions in which community of possessions and living plays a role.
Although Utopian communism is both new in 1516 and also modern, it is not modern communism or even modern socialism, as they exist or have ever existed in theory or in practice.
What that spirit and attitude were we can best understand if we see more precisely how it contrasts with the communist tradition with the longest continuous history, the one which reached Christianity by the way of Stoicism through the Church Fathers of Late Antiquity.
For these crimes he was sentenced to be hanged in public on Friday, December 2, 1859.
In direct contrast to the other Rhode Island editors, Samuel S. Foss of the Woonsocket Patriot outwardly condemned the trial as being completely unfair.
On November 7, 1859, the Providence Daily Journal reprinted a letter sent to John Brown from "E. B.", a Quaker lady in Newport.
it gives something of dignity even to a bad one".
On December 2, 1859, John Brown was hanged at Charles Town, Virginia.
Daniel W. Vaughan, and William H. H. Clements.
The fourth and last speaker was Thomas Davis.
Resolved that the anti-slavery sentiment is becoming ripe for resolute action.
that is, by being placed in such relation to the forms depicted within the illusion that these forms left no room for the typography except near the surface.
) By its greater corporeal presence and its greater extraneousness, the affixed paper or cloth serves for a seeming moment to push everything else into a more vivid idea of depth than the simulated printing or simulated textures had ever done.
The trompe-l'oeil illusion here is no longer enclosed between parallel flatnesses, but seems to thrust through the surface of the drawing paper and establish depth on top of it.
All this expands the oscillation between surface and depth so as to encompass fictive space in front of the surface as well as behind it.
Cubism, in its 1911-1912 phase (which the French, with justice, call "hermetic") was on the verge of abstract art.
and the broad, opaque shapes of pasted paper would have been isolated in such a way as to make them jump out of plane.
It was as though, in that instant, he had felt the flatness of collage as too constricting and had suddenly tried to escape all the way back -- or forward -- to literal three-dimensionality.
As it affects the city's fiscal situation, such an interchange is ruinous;
The appeal of the suburb is particularly strong for heavy industry, which must move bulky objects along a lengthy assembly line and wants enough land area to do the entire job on one floor.
And there are now many millions of workers for whom the factory with the big parking lot, which can be reached by driving across or against the usual pattern of rush hour traffic and grille-route bus lines, is actually more convenient than the walk-to factory.
It is interesting to note how many of the plants on Massachusetts'Route 128 draw most of their income either from the government in non-competitive cost-plus arrangements, or from the exploitation of patents which grant at least a partial monopoly.
If the retailer and hotelman's downtown unit sales have been decreasing, however, his dollar volume continues to rise, and it is dollars which you put in the bank.
When all has been said, however, the big branch store remains a major break with history in the development of American retailing.
Department stores were built on dry goods, especially ladies'fashions, and in this area, in the long run, the suburban branches will be hard put to compete against downtown.
The first superhighways -- New York's Henry Hudson and Chicago's Lake Shore, San Francisco's Bay Bridge and its approaches, a good slice of the Pennsylvania Turnpike -- were built as part of the federal works program which was going to cure the depression.
After many years and many interruptions he was able to finish the canopy fresco, and slightly less than half the frieze, beginning with the Liberty group opposite the East door, and ending with William Penn, all but one leg, when a tragic accident ended his career.
The first preliminary was inspecting the unfinished length of frieze, a jumble of roughcast and finish coats, all in bad condition.
To be sure of matching color as well as form, pieces of cartoon were traced on the roughcast, and large samples painted in fresco, then left two months to dry out to their final key.
In our own practice, to have the last "intonaco" plaster coat thick enough to match, and at the same time to avoid fine cracks in drying, we found that it had to be put on in two layers, letting the first set awhile before applying the second.
Other pigments were mostly raw umber, some burnt umber, and a little yellow ochre.
On the right is the Brumidi Liberty group, as it looked after cleaning operations, which had not yet come around to the other end;
One sees Costaggini's rendering of the same figure more than thirty feet away.
In parts a repeated sponging was needed, but everywhere we found that water alone was enough to restore the original brightness.
Here the Architect, referring to the use of the Capitol as a public building, not a museum, requested some repainting to maintain decorative effect, rather than leaving blank, unsightly patches.
We, ourselves, are always eager to know how others feel about us and the way in which we live.
That which I found most profound and most disturbing appeared to evoke a curiously muted reaction.
they are small in number and their contribution is not immediately decisive in everyday life.
The other had assumed the right to explore the equally uncharted space of the human spirit.
A chance remark about Lenin's sealed train brought the rejoinder that this was a myth akin to George Washington's cherry tree.
She retreated by leaving the room when we suggested that our meeting might well terminate right then and there.
and, furthermore, I could not presume the implication that I spoke for American artists as a group.
We have come to you to experience something of your way of life while also attempting to acquaint you with that of ours.
A work so broad, even when it is directed by a leading idea and informed by a moral vision, must necessarily "fail".
It would be superfluous to build a critique around them.
What is its incidence among the various classes and subgroups of the population?
Fromm's analysis of alienation in the sphere of production centers around the concepts of the bureaucratization of the corporation, the separation of ownership from control, and the broad (and thus from the point of view of corporate control, ineffective) dispersion of stock ownership.
Eric Hoffer, for example, once said that America was a paradise -- the only one in the history of the world -- for workingmen and small children.
Considering the nature of man, and the conditions for happiness, this can hardly be so".
The point is that in a system such as Fromm's which recognizes unconscious motivations, and which rests on certain ethical absolutes, empirical data can be used to support whatever proposition the writer is urging at the moment.
It is largely a matter of finding passages that suit one's purposes.
It is not hard to find that concurrence of opinion which Fromm finds so remarkable when you ignore all who hold a different opinion.
Through long experimentation in his songs, Mussorgsky developed a Russian recitative as different from others as the language itself.
Pimen is an old man, weak in body -- his voice rarely rises to a full forte -- but firm and clear of mind.
As the child addresses the shepherd in a dream, light -- in the form of the major mode -- begins to appear, and at the moment of the miracle we hear a clear and shining D major.
The phrasing is irregular, and the abrupt key changes have a primitive forcefulness.
His music shows a sensuality coupled with an eerie quality that suggest somehow a blood-kinship with Dappertutto in Offenbach's Hoffman.
Rangoni and Amonasro have the same purpose -- forcing the girl to charm the man she loves into serving her country's cause -- and their tactics are much the same.
Marina rebels at this suggestion.
The most unusual feature of Boris, however, is the use of the greatest character of all, the chorus.
Hot arguments arise between tenors and basses, who will sing in harmony only when they agree on an idea.
Mussorgsky frequently uses liturgical music with considerable dramatic force.
The mayhem in the forest of Kromy is a natural sequel.
This seems odd when one recalls that he wrote poetry longer than any other major English poet: "Domicilium" is dated "between 1857 and 1860";
There is only one Hardy style, but in the earlier poems that style is only intermittently evident, and when it is not, the style is the style of another poet, or of the fashion of the time.
The dated poems suggest that while Hardy's concern with poetry may have been constant, his production was not.
gave up verse for prose, 1868 - 70;
and the First World War.
it is competent in the sense that it makes a coherent statement without violating the rules of the sonnet form, but it is entirely undistinguished and entirely unlike Hardy.
The details of the setting of "Neutral Tones" are not, strictly speaking, metaphorical, but they combine to create a mood which is appropriate both to a dismal winter day and to the end of love, and in this way love and weather, the emotions and the elements, symbolize each other in a way that is common to many of Hardy's best poems ("Weathers", "The Darkling Thrush", and "During Wind and Rain", for example) and to some moving passages in the novels as well (Far From The Madding Crowd is full of scenes constructed in this way).
These are the poems Hardy wrote after the death of his first wife;
Critically invisible, modern revolt, like X-rays and radioactivity, is perceived only by its effects at more materialistic social levels, where it is called delinquency.
"What happened, man"?
They were both very fluent.
I do not believe that this is due to anything especially frightful about their relationship to their own creativity.
Thomas and Parker have more in common than theme, attitude, life pattern.
It is true of the rhythmic pattern in which the beat shifts continuously, or at least is continuously sprung, so that it becomes ambiguous enough to allow the pattern to be dominated by the long pulsations of the phrase or strophe.
His sinuous melody is a sort of naive transcendence of all experience.
Technique pure and simple, rendition, is not of major importance, but it is interesting that Parker, following Lester Young, was one of the leaders of the so-called saxophone revolution.
Thomas's principal influence lay in the communication of an attitude -- that of the now extinct British romantic school of the New Apocalypse -- Henry Treece, J. F. Hendry, and others -- all of whom were quite conventional poets.
Continuity exits, but like the neo-swing music developed from Lester Young, it is a continuity sustained by popular demand.
the splashes of light and black which fake drapery in the fashionable imitators of Hals and Sargent.
The great Ashikaga brush painters painted wallpapers, too -- at least portable ones, screens.
Milman Parry rigorously defended the observation that the extant Homeric poems are largely formulaic, and was led to postulate that they could be shown entirely formulaic if the complete corpus of Greek epic survived;
But the oral poet cannot pause;
One of the greatest Homerists of our time, Frederick M. Combellack, argues that when it is assumed The Iliad and The Odyssey are oral poems, the postulated single redactor called Homer cannot be either credited with or denied originality in choice of phrasing.
This observation too may have reference to Anglo-Saxon poetry.
True, we do not know how they were regarded in their day, but we need not believe the epic audience to have been more insensitive to the formulas than the numerous scholars of modern times who have read Germanic or Homeric poetry all their lives and still found much to admire in occasional occurrences of the most familiar phrases.
it was partly his master.
Other theories of origin are compatible with the formulaic theory: Beowulf may contain a design for terror, and The Iliad may have a vast hysteron-proteron pattern answering to a ceramic pattern produced during the Geometric Period in pottery.
The Iliad has two words for the shield, ASPIS and SAKOS.
Miss Havisham's withered hands, heavy as if her unhappiness were somehow concentrated in them, move in restless self-pity between her broken heart and her walking stick.
Magwitch terrifies Pip into stealing a pork pie for him by creating the image in the boy's imagination of a bogy man who may "softly creep his way to him and tear him open", "imbruing his hands" in him.
Dickens lays great emphasis on the hands in this scene.
Dickens suggests the economic evils of such a society on the first page of his novel in the description of Pip's five little dead brothers "who gave up trying to get a living exceedingly early in that universal struggle", who seemed to have "all been born on their backs with their hands in their trousers-pockets, and had never taken them out in this state of existence".
A variety of hand movements helps dramatize the moral climate of the fallen world Pip encounters beyond the forge.
Continuation cards
Additional restrictions regarding the use of continuation cards with macro-instructions appear on page 106.
1.
the third applies only to index words.
These entries should normally appear at the beginning of the program or immediately following each LITORIGIN statement.
The resultant conflicting usage of index words or electronic switches may be avoided by reducing the number of symbolic names used, e.g., through the proper use of the EQU, XRELEASE, or SRELEASE statements.
The DA statement is used to name and define the positions and length of fields within an area.
Each switch occupies one digit position in a word, can be set on or off, and is considered as logically equivalent to an electronic switch.
In addition to information related to the file and its records, the File Specifications contain subroutine locations and the location of tape label information.
it may be omitted.
In the Midwest, oxidation ponds are used extensively for the treatment of domestic sewage from suburban areas.
It appeared from the limited information available that the aerated lagoon might offer a satisfactory means of increasing the capacity of existing oxidation ponds as well as providing the same degree of treatment in a smaller volume.
The anaerobic conditions in the existing oxidation pond necessitated examination of other methods for supplying additional oxygen than by sodium nitrate.
The pilot lagoon was designed to handle the wastes from 314 persons with a 4-day aeration period.
The long retention period and the complete mixing concept prevented rapid changes in either the mixed liquor or in the effluent.
This was equivalent to 240 mg/lBOD on a 24-hr. basis.
The flow rate remained relatively constant during the winter months as shown in Table 1.
Variations in aerator speeds during the latter two months of this study caused increased mixing and increased oxygen demand.
At no time were algae found in the mixed liquor.
Oxygen transfer
The rate of oxygen transfer at 1.0-mg. / l. dissolved oxygen concentration and 10-degrees-C for various rotor speeds is given in Table 3.
A single 24-hr. composite sample had a BOD of 260 mg/l, indicating a typical domestic sewage.
To effect these operations, five elements exist (1) surface, (2) air, (3) mines, (4) submarine, and (5) fixed installations.
The major postwar development is the certainty that these elements should not be considered singly but in combination and as being mutually supporting.
Then the enthusiasm and energy of all elements can be channeled to produce cumulative progress toward a common objective.
An over-all concept will guide industry where available talents and facilities will yield greatest dividends.
It is often stated that the submarine can be destroyed while building, at bases, in transit, and on station.
The submarine has increased its effectiveness by several orders of magnitude since World War 2.
Therefore, the plan's fifth principle must be that it capitalize on the capabilities of all elements in combination.
Supporting elements in asw operations
These can be referred to as operational intelligence and environmental intelligence.
Therefore, the on-the-scene commander must have detailed operating instructions based on measurement of conditions, in the area, at the time of encounter.
Mines are being increasingly oriented against submarine targets.
Such mine defense systems could permit concentration of mobile forces in the open oceans with consequent increase in the probability of success.
Fixed installations will always lack the flexibility that should be inherent in naval systems.
Fragment A has been obtained in crystalline form as a dioxalate salt and free base.
The non-identity of serum and red blood cell arylesterase was also established.
(R. V. Rice, M. D. Maser) studies on peptides and peptidases
In addition to the known principal globulin, excelsin, three other ultracentrifugally distinct components have been observed.
As many as seven decades of the time scale were thus covered isothermally.
In conformity with this conclusion a higher trace gallium content was found in the portion (flange) that has undergone a second melting.
No meteorites have ever been recovered from paleoexplosion craters, and recent craters containing impact glass have all been produced by metallic meteorites with the exception of Aouelloul crater, Adrar, Western Sahara Desert.
Particular interest is directed towards the condensation of these ligands with metal halides to form substituted phosphide or arside complexes.
The dilation accompanying elongation and the simultaneously developed anisotropy of compressibility have been related to the elongation.
(Robert Chiang, J. B. Jackson, P. J. Flory) Carefully executed melting studies on this system (M. J. Richardson) permit quantitative estimation of the instability engendered by reduced crystallite length.
A simple process for the preparation of nearly monodisperse polystyrene of predictable molecular weight has been developed.
Since 1948 the working headquarters has been the Department of Geology and Mineralogy.
Properties:
other symbols related to the index necessarily have been introduced.
These are grouped into sections according to the crystal system, and within each section compounds are arranged in the same order as in Groth's Chemische Krystallographie.
organization:
Elements, alloys, inorganic and organic compounds.
Criticality:
Part 1, deals with the classification of crystalline substances by space groups and is not a numerical data compilation.
Crystal Structures
Published literature.
It is to be hoped that some way will be found to keep this important work current.
Publisher of Crystal Structures is Interscience Publishers, 250 Fifth Avenue, New York 1, N. Y.
Money was also advanced by the publishers, John Wiley & Sons, Inc.
Substances:
All information is carefully appraised and uncertain facts are designated by ('?'.
Volume 2, contains data for forty-two classes.
"The Groth Institute", which was established in 1958, is a group activity affiliated with the Physics Department of The Pennsylvania State University, University Park, Pa.
Sources of data:
In this way a degree of unification of nomenclature, symbols, and units will be realized.
Microorganisms are often responsible for the rapid spoilage of foods.
The process of "pasteurization" involves milder and less prolonged heat treatment which accomplishes the destruction of most, but not all, of the microorganisms.
For radiosterilization, to destroy all organisms for long-term preservation -- about 4.5 Mrad for nonacid foods of low salt content.
A number of foods are quite acceptable as regards taste and palatability, however, at dosages substantially less than sterilization levels.
Estimated production costs of radiation energy from machine and nuclide sources range from $1 to $10 per Aj.
Chief interest in radiosterilization resides in the military services.
Meats
The preradiation blanching process discolors the treated beef and liquid accumulates in prepackaged cuts.
Competitive processes for preserving meats are by canning and freezing.
Poultry
The instrument is shown in Fig. 1 and consists essentially of a hard, sharp, tungsten carbide knife which is pushed along the substrate to remove the coating.
As the coating becomes thicker, the cutting may abruptly change to a cracking type of failure.
It should be recalled that these three mechanisms can occur on the same coating deposited upon the same substrate merely as a function of changes in coatings thickness.
All the other force vectors are derived from these.
An analysis of the vector relationships shows that the rake angle **yc and the friction angle **yt determine the vector direction Af of the force resultants R and Af.
However, in the actual assessment of the cutting force by instrumental methods for any thickness of coating a number of spurious effects occur which must be taken into account and which make the measured value larger than the true cutting force indicated by eqn. (1).
The importance of a hard, abrasion-resistant knife material like the Carboloy employed in the Hesiometer immediately becomes apparent.
Since the load L, under actual cutting conditions is caused by Af, it can be seen that Af
The detailed mechanisms of this type of failure have been studied extensively by Merchant for metal cutting, and the principles found can be directly applied to coatings.
If the rake angle **yc of the knife is high enough and the friction angle **yt between the front of the knife and the back of the chip is low enough to give a positive value for Af, the resultant vector R will lie above the plane of the substrate.
In urethane foams, for example, there has been a definite trend toward the polyether-type materials (which are now available in two-component rigid foam systems) and the emphasis is definitely on one-shot molding.
In vinyl foam, the big news was the development of techniques for coating fabrics with the material (for details, see P. 395).
foamed refrigerator insulation is under intensive evaluation by every major manufacturer;
Although the first polyether foams on the market had to be produced by the two-step prepolymer method, today, thanks to new catalysts, they can be produced by a one-shot technique.
Most commercial uses of urethane foams require densities between 2 and 30 lb. / cu. ft. for rigid foams, between 1 and 3 lb. / cu. ft. for flexible foams.
These air or gas bubbles make highly functional thermal barriers.
(like compression strength of urethane foams, it has a direct relationship to formulation.
It only takes a few minutes for the foaming action to be completed and after a short cure, the material can be cut into lengths as desired.
Satisfactory methods for polyester foams and even prepolymer polyether foams were never fully achieved.
The top rolls are loaded with 40 lbs.
The run is complete when all the water has drained off into the waste line.
Three methods for determining the dimensional restorability characteristics are established for those textiles which require restoration by ironing or wearing after laundering.
Distances marked on the specimen in warp and filling directions (or wales and courses for knitted fabrics) are measured before and after laundering.
It is equipped with an outside water gauge that will indicate the level of the water in the wheel.
Extractor -- centrifugal extractor of the laundry-type with a perforated basket, approximately 11 inches deep by 17 inches in diameter, with an operating speed of approximately 1,500 r.p.m.
Sets of weights are provided so that the load can be selected in the range of 1/2 to 4 pounds.
The preparation of test specimens will vary depending upon the type of dimensional restorability procedure (if any) to be used.
Usually, the greater the original distances marked, the greater will be the accuracy of the test.
also place three dots on the specimen at each side of the 10 inch square, one dot at midpoint, and one at approximately 1/2 inch from each corner.
Place the specimen in the wash wheel with sufficient other similar fabric to make a dry load of Af pounds.
Again stop the machine at the end of the time shown in Column C of Table 2.
Drain off the water at such a time that the wheel has become substantially empty of water at the end of the sum of the times shown in Columns A, C, and E, measured from the time the wash wheel was started.
Cascading single stages by coupling lens systems is rather inefficient as the lens systems limit the obtainable gain quite severely.
These tubes may differ both in the choice of the electron optical system and in the design of the coupling members.
The effect of device and quantum noise, associated with such low input levels, will be described.
The anode potential codetermines the gain, G, and magnification, M, of the stage.
The luminous gain of a single stage with Af (flux gain) is, to a first approximation, given by the product of the photocathode sensitivity S (amp / lumen), the anode potential V (volts), and the phosphor conversion efficiency P (lumen/watt).
(B)
This condition can be satisfied, e.g., with Af and Af or equivalent glass combinations.
Lacking reliable data for some of the variables, we are relying on experimental data of about 20 percent internal losses for 1/4-inch long, small (5 - 10 M) diameter fibers.
Neglecting absorption, the end losses of the coupling membrane and the output window Af would be 6 percent and 8 percent.
resolution limitations in a single stage
The following table (14-2) lists the (luminous) gain values computed according to Eq. (6) with Af.
For the further discussion, we shall thus assume an electron optical resolution of 80 Af and phosphor screen resolution of 60 Af.
For the second we might have to choose the volume of reactor or amount of cooling to be supplied;
then the search for the maximum at any one stage will require a number of operations of order Af (where a is some number not unreasonably large).
No optimism is more baseless than that which believes that the high speed of modern digital computers allows for use of the crudest of methods in searching out a result.
Consider the process illustrated in Fig. 2.1, consisting of R distinct stages.
thus Af.
Thus Af where the maximization is over all admissible policies Af, and Af is related to Af by (5).
Proceeding in this way up the table we extract the complete optimal policy and, if it is desired, we can check on Af by evaluating Af at the last stage.
In this case the stage R operating with conditions Af transforms the state of the stream from Af to Af, but only the probability distribution of Af is known.
The discussion of the optimal policy when the outcome of one stage is not known before passing to the next is a very much more difficult matter.
The platform angle **yf is the angle about which the gyro is controlling.
A mathematical block diagram for the leveling system is shown in Fig. 7-2.
The time required for the system to reach a level position is approximately inversely proportional to the servo loop gain.
One solution to the problem is to operate with a low loop gain and to include low-pass filters.
7-3.
In brief, the human replaces amplifier Af in Figs. 7-1 and 7-2.
Platform heading.
Before the accelerometers are mounted on the platform, the direction of their sensitive axis must be accurately determined.
Although this technique is simple and satisfactory, one practical difficulty does exist: the direction of true north must be known for each launch point.
If the polarity is correct, the platform will turn until the heading error angle is zero.
For the case of a purely inertial autonavigator consisting of three restrained gyros, a coordinate system is used where the sensitive axis of the X accelerometer is parallel to the east-west direction at the base point, and the Y accelerometer sensitive axis is parallel to the north-south direction at the base point.
The point is at a latitude **yl, and the platform is at an error in heading east.
Rachel wore a smart hat and, because she had been warned recently about smoking, puffed at her cigarettes through a long ivory holder stained with lipstick.
Scotty regarded the ear and the grizzled hair around it with a moment of interest.
he kept his eyes, with their puffed blurred lids, always lowered, though not, apparently, focusing.
Rachel said, "I'd better get him to bed".
He felt tired and full and calm.
Virginia and Rachel talked to each other quietly now, as allies who are political rather than natural might in a war atmosphere.
if, as often happened, he had to repeat because he had spoken too softly, he would repeat his words in the same way, without emphasis or impatience, only a little louder.
Scotty said, "That's all right.
By the time he was under the covers he had forgotten about seeing Kate.
Scotty said the same words more loudly.
The stethoscope glinted silver in the darkening room.
He did not care.
Rachel came close to the bed, bent as if she would kiss him, then moved away.
"I mean, do you feel like seeing Kate"?
Scotty was pleased.
He never smiled.
He did not mind the useless, kindly questions.
Between the ponderous hulk and himself, in the valley over which Papa-san reigned, men had hidden high explosives, booby traps, and mines.
Was this what he had expected?
Pressing his cigarette out in the earth, Warren walked to the slit and scanned the jagged hills.
Others carried extra clips for the Browning Automatic Rifle, which was in the hands of a little Mexican named Martinez.
At 2130 hours they had passed through the barbed wire at the point of departure.
A foot misplaced, a leg missing.
They were going to follow it for part of their journey.
The shapes of the men ahead of him lacked solidity, as if the whip had stripped them of their very flesh.
White's arm went up and Warren raised his own.
Warren eased his rifle's safety off and gently, slowly sneaked another clip of ammunition from one of the cloth bandoleers that marked the upper part of his body with an Aj.
Even so, he could not ease the tension of his body;
He and Warren had traveled together for four days.
And then the questions came, eager, interested questions, and many compliments on his having overcome his infirmity.
It will be good for you.
The nude was small and black-haired and elfin, and was called "Eloise".
A romantic is one who thinks the world is divinely inspired and all he has to do is find the right key, and then divine justice and altruism will appear.
He was a wiry, inscrutable, silent country boy from the red clay of rural Alabama, and he spoke with the broad drawl that others normally make fun of.
This is why he made such a magnificent soldier.
You could hear them from our outpost.
"What did the Colonel do about the men"?
Beside him was Mrs. Dalloway.
At State College, he had no time to walk among the violets on the water's edge.
Perhaps it was right;
He did not like Boxell.
He observed the Florentine vase in the hall, the Renoir painting in the library, as well as the long shelves of well-bound volumes;
The Vice President said, "If you hear of any names that would fix me cheap in return for advertising they decorated the Vice President's home, let me know.
The Vice President said with a slight bluster, "There isn't anyone who loves the President more than I do.
A fellow came up to me, a Senator, I don't have to tell you his name, and he told me,'I love the President like a brother, but God damn it, he's crucifying me.
But it had, as was usual in southern cities of this sort, a Black Bottom, a low region near the river where the Negroes lived -- servants and laborers huddled together in a region with no sewage save the river, where streets and sidewalks were neglected and where there was much poverty and crime.
For the old preacher who had been there twenty-five years was dead, and the city mourned him.
It sometimes ended in death-like trances with many lying exhausted and panting on chair and floor.
During the next weeks he looked over the situation.
It really ought to be rebuilt, and he determined to go up and talk to the city banks about this.
On the other side of the church was a quiet, well-kept house with shutters and recently painted.
The rest of Black Bottom was a rabbit warren of homes in every condition of neglect, disrepair and careful upkeep.
But there was one thing that he had to stress, and that was that the contribution to the general church expenses, the dollar money, had been seriously falling behind in this church, and that must be looked after immediately.
He was sure that he could do better if he went to Atlanta to get the deal financed.
Don't you see the amount of money that has been invested by whites around that church?
Hope to see you again".
Wilson stared at her.
Good wages, patronage and subscription of various kinds stopped open protest from Negroes.
The sick were always receiving medicines.
Payne did not notice him.
He explained his errand, but without bothering much to make it plausible, for he felt something well up in him which was the reason why he had fled the army.
The sound of his footsteps was like a muffled drum.
He pulled out his pistol and fired it.
Payne was more methodical than that.
Two men pulled him off.
But he was not mad.
Then the nigger boy turned back and he was alone.
Violence always made him tired, but he was not frightened.
Everyone is ambivalent about his profession, if he has practised it long enough, but there were still moments when he loved the stage and all those unseen people out there, who might cheer you or boo you, but that was largely, though not entirely, up to you.
The theatre was hot and they were drugged with boredom.
Guns were going off all over Washington City these days, because of the celebrations, and the theatre was not soundproof.
His speech faltered.
There was no mistaking that scream.
On the stage, Harry Hawk began to weep.
Someone opened the corridor door from the inside, and called for a doctor.
Stevie twisted and, frantically, commanded the mare to leap straight ahead.
The blow encountered silky hair and hard bone.
A train hooted.
before it was sprawled the mangled corpse of the bearded stranger.
Chapter 6
He raced to the window and yanked at the sash.
In the kitchen Mama was wiping the cupboards.
Port Jervis, basking in the foothills, was the city of God.
To know God he must follow in Papa's footsteps.
In the Delaware River, three long islands were overgrown with greening trees and underbrush.
Ludie inquired every evening, pretending that he did not care.
"Everybody does".
The boy shuddered at the deathly pale countenance with its wrinkles and gray hair.
For he feared the Lake of Fire.
Probably, as in Scriptures, a still, small voice would whisper.
Lightning could strike you blind if you were a sinner!
"Don't be afraid, Violet"!
Even before the benches had dried, the Civil War veterans were straggling back to their places.
Ludie took his slingshot and climbed to the rooftop to shoot at crows.
Stevie yearned for a dog.
They stayed at hotels and boardinghouses, or at private homes.
He had caught her coming out of the shack.
The snow again.
He had been pretty scared himself, wondering what the hell was coming off.
That'll put the place back to normal.
Prickly twinges of annoyance ran through him.
"Four cuts at least", he chuckled to himself, "and I owe it all to them".
Remember that He heard himself haranguing them.
He felt intense satisfaction.
He knew he couldn't.
He felt good.
When I talked to Ching about it, he said, Everyone can learn, if he is not a Reactionary or lazy.
Why couldn't they have dumped him off on someone else?
Thoroughly Wised up.
Cover the whole building, bury us all, by nightfall.
He whirled about suddenly.
They'll toe the line.
Anything.
-- name William Foster's Four Internal Contradictions in Capitalism.
What the hell was he up to now?
"How long did you study?
Automatically, Finnegan started going over today's lesson.
Goddamn.
Brandon dreamed.
No doubt it had to do with the log.
He asks.
Such was the impromptu that Voltaire gave to howls of laughter at Sans Souci and that was soon circulated in manuscript throughout the literary circles of Europe, to be printed sometime later, but with the name of Timon of Athens, the famous misanthrope, substituted for that of Rousseau.
And for good reasons.
Cried the ladies, enchanted by his music.
No.
The ladies were delighted and Jean Jacques was applauded.
Duclos, the historian, pointed out to Jean Jacques that this was impossible.
No one will even suspect that it is your work".
"I refused", Duclos said.
And of course the news of who the composer was did finally begin to get around among his closest friends.
They cried.
There's the King.
A hundred years ago I would have worn a beard with pride.
And even deeper than that: his fear lest in this closed hall he should suddenly itch to relieve himself.
Solomon Chandler hadn't misjudged the strength of his lungs, not at all.
and I know that I, myself, was nauseated with apprehension and fear and that my hands were soaking wet where they held my gun.
The redcoat officer collapsed like a punctured bolster, and the horse reared and threw him from the saddle, except that one booted foot caught in the stirrup.
It was only hours since I had last seen them, but they had changed and I had changed.
One moment there was a man in the saddle;
Everyone else was running.
Meanwhile, I reloaded my gun, as the other men were doing.
Mattathias Dover said:
Under the trees, there was a dead redcoat, a young boy with a pasty white skin and a face full of pimples, who had taken a rifle ball directly between the eyes.
The slit breeches had to go.
"Stick to the preaching of the Gospel"!
Abel Poupin, a tall man with sunken cheeks and deep-set eyes, got to his feet.
Let evildoers contemplate their ways, and let every man beware"!
For an instant John longed for the sound of the bells of Noyon-la-Sainte, the touch of his mother's hand, the lilt of Charles's voice in the square raftered rooms, his father's bass tones rumbling to the canons, and the sight of the beloved bishop.
How grateful he was to such men!
"How long, my Lord?
But William continued to find a bitter joy in smashing images and tearing down symbols sacred to the Old Church.
And John's reply was always the same: "Anything that affects souls is the concern of the Church!
He started down the steps to meet the near-blind preacher, who had been one of the early Gospelers in Paris.
I went to your rooms, and Anthony told me you were here.
He asked to be appointed a preacher.
Geneva must remain a sovereign state.
On the outskirts of the rabble the Camaret brothers and Gaspard Favre shook their fists.
For an instant John was stunned.
At once a bevy of dogs was snapping and snarling around him.
Back in Bavaria he had seen that gesture, and at that sight his heart had always died within him.
This was Virginia.
Adam knew the names of some.
Lemme tell you now" --
Pullen James humbly lowered his head, pushed aside the hardtack-box door of the hut, and was gone from sight.
The gray face stared straight ahead in the drizzle.
She had queried in her soft guttural.
The pattern would not stop.
He would consign the cash box into the hands of Jed Hawksworth, then stand by while his employer checked the contents and the list of items sold.
Let the water and the blood From Thy riven side flow!
He thought of the men, the nameless thousands, huddling in them.
He thought of the old man laughing under the glitter of the great chandelier.
Adam looked at the pot.
"Fooled you, huh?
"Know what Ole Buckra et tonight"?
The infant, in white terry-cloth bathrobe, her face intense and purposeful, had essayed a few wobbly steps toward her father.
Through the swathings of terror, she jabbed deceit's sharp point -- Amy would be reborn, a new child, with new parents, living under new circumstances.
Laura touched his hand.
The latter, thanking her for the coffee, had winked and muttered, "Sure'nuff, honey".
While she was thus engaged, McFeeley questioned her about her whereabouts the previous day, any recollections she had of people hanging around, of overcurious delivery boys or repairmen, of strange cars cruising the neighborhood.
Someone would have to remain in the office continually.
Did anything happen during the night"?
Kidnaper spurns ransom;
The bulk of the press corps was covering Rheinholdt's conference.
The master of the house, his nourished face unrevealing, consented to postpone his departure a few minutes to talk to the detective.
yes, they had read about the case;
Skopas expressed no curiosity over the case, offered no expression of sympathy, made no move to escort McFeely to the door.
Mrs. Kahler joined them.
"Scared the hell out of him", Kahler grinned.
Several sections of a loaf of dark bread;
"Le petit dejeuner", Harold said, in an accent that did credit to Miss Sloan, his high-school French teacher.
It went right on creaking under his own considerable weight, and all it needed, Harold thought, was for somebody to fling himself back in a fit of laughter and that would be the end of it.
The first shrill ring of the telephone brought Harold out into the hall.
When enough time had elapsed so that there was little likelihood of his returning for something he had forgotten, Harold went out into the hall and stood looking into one room after another.
It was the kind of frame that is only put around the photograph of a dead person.
The portable record player with a pile of classical records beside it.
The clock on the mantel piece was scandalized and ticked so loudly that he glanced at it over his shoulder and then quickly left the room.
They looked, even so.
"Do you think he could be having an affair"?
They could have been perfectly happy here for ten whole days.
There it is and there is what was in it.
So something like this matters more than it would at home.
For instance -- what about all those people Harold Rhodes went toward unhesitatingly, as if this were the one moment they would ever have together, their one chance of knowing each other?
His first desire was to create a mother and son alone in the universe.
Even though he would later be resurrected, he was at this moment dead indeed, the expression on his face reflecting what he had gone through on the cross.
He started by making free sketches to loosen up his thinking so that images would appear on paper.
"See, Argiento, if you control the way these folds are bunched, like this, or made to flow, you can enrich the body attitudes.
He was reading from the Talmud with a group of men from his congregation.
The rabbi said thoughtfully, "I would not want my people to get in trouble with the Church".
"Leave me your address.
only the instructions from his rabbi kept him from bolting.
He was able to discern the body lines of the Roman women under their robes.
the wax he smoothed over to give the body surface an elastic pull.
Argiento had been trained so rigorously by the Jesuits that Michelangelo was unable to change his habits: up before dawn to scrub the floors, whether they were dirty or not;
"And God help anyone who tries to unteach you"!
He stumbled into the house, eyes burning like fire.
The surgeon carried a cage of live pigeons.
He sat beside Kate's bed with the others throughout the morning, talking, talking of God's will, while Kate lay staring angrily at him.
Jonathan's letter came, as she knew it would, and he had accepted their child's death as another judgment from God against both Kate and himself.
Seeing the slanting hand, Kate knew uneasily that it was from the Yankee colonel.
He claimed to be visiting the waterfront saloon at the crossroads to play cards and drink with his cronies, but Kate had not smelled brandy on him since Mrs. Lattimer's funeral.
Kate had no idea what they were talking of, although she had seen the blue lights and strange fires burning and winking on the ridges at night, had heard horsemen on the River Road and hill trails through the nights till dawn.
She tried to find some way to draw him out, to help him.
Dangling his gaudy trinkets before them, he told of the Rebel losses in the mountains, at Cheat and Rich mountains both, and the Federal march on Beverly.
In spite of the fact that the state legislature voted us neutral, John Hunt Morgan is openly flying the Confederate flag over his woolen factory"!
They all prayed now that the North would realize that peace must come, for Virginia had defended her land victoriously.
She asked, taking him and Juanita into the parlor where the shutters were closed against the afternoon sun.
Kate asked, watching them both now anxiously.
"He wants me to go with him tomorrow", she told Kate.
The red glow from the cove had died out of the sky.
I am getting deaf, I must admit it".
And this handsome booby, staring and sweating, was he her bridegroom?
And he would sleep, sleep, and never think of roads and horses'sore haunches, of colonial wars.
It ran, this apocalyptic beast, on two thin legs, and its wings -- were they feathered arms?
The Sons were out tonight.
On the shores north and south, the fishers and mooncursers -- smugglers -- lived along the churning Great South Bay and the narrow barrier of sand, Fire Island.
The chevaux de frise, those sharp stakes and barriers around the fort at the Battery, pointed to a conflict between the town and sea power rolling in glassy swells as the tide came in.
He looked out through windowpanes turned a faint violet by sun and weather, looked out at King's Bridge toward Westchester.
He found tepid water in a pitcher and a last bit of soap, and he lathered his face and stood stropping the razor on his broad leather belt, its buckle held firm by a knob of the bedpost.
The moral aridity of merchants made them loyal usually to their ledgers.
Life was a short play of tenebrous shadows.
It is so easy to falsify sentiment.
Andrei remembered a Bathyran meeting long ago.
When Alexander Brandel rose to speak, the hall became silent.
In his heart he had no desire to go to Palestine.
Warsaw!
What is beyond this fog?
Of all the places in Poland, Andrei hated Lublin the most.
As the messages from Himmler, Heydrich, and Eichmann came in through Alfred Funk, Lublin's fountainhead spouted.
The ghetto, a miniature of Warsaw's, was emptied into the camp in the Majdan-Tartarski suburb called Majdanek.
Krakow Boulevard was filled with black Nazi uniforms and the dirty brownish ones of their Auxiliaries.
His captain was thin and haggard and his beautiful boots were worn and shabby.
I work at the granary.
I did exactly as instructed.
"What good will it really do"?
I hated you when I first came in.
"But we are neither blind nor insane.
"Please don't go inside Majdanek".
Andrei demanded.
"Can't understand why the hell anyone wants to go inside that son-of-a-bitch place".
"This ain't enough".
I'd forgotten all about Thelma and the Kentucky Derby and how it was Thelma's fifty dollars I was spending.
"I could scratch her eyes out", Eileen cried and stamped her foot when I came back from the phone booth.
I had to shake her to make her listen.
If he pokes his nose in here I'll slug him".
She lay under the covers making jabbing motions with her forefinger telling me where to look for the coffeepot.
"Joseph Maria Ballestre meet Francis Xavier Bowman.
I never felt such a lowdown hound in my life.
Afterwards I learned that Eileen had called Thelma on the telephone and made a big scene about Thelma trying to take her husband away.
I said sure that was what I wanted her to do but she paid no attention.
I never could find out what his business was.
"Some day", I told Eileen, "that guy will kill us both".
Pat O'Dwyer looked like a heavier Jim.
It had gone big with the Hollywood girls when he told them his sister was an editor of Art And Apparel.
When we separated that evening Pat pushed a hundred dollar bill into Eileen's hand to help towards a layette.
There I was a retired wobbly and structural iron worker who'd never gouged a cent off a fellow worker in my thirty years in the movement.
Even Rector himself was prey to this spirit of competition and he knew it, not for a more exalted office in the hierarchy of the church -- his ambitions for the bishopry had died very early in his career -- but for the one clear victory he had talked about to the colonel.
Hino was elated at the prospect.
He had already been studying the Bible;
If and when Hino decided to tell him about his experiences, he would do so unasked.
When would the oyabun like to bring his guests up here"?
"Arigato gosaimasu".
he wanted the mission compound to be effortlessly spotless.
Rector's next stop was at the schoolroom, where Mavis was monitoring a test.
"I would like them to appear very busy today, not busy exactly, but joyous, exuberant, full of life.
He looked out over the expanse of the compound.
It looks pretty efficient and that's the important thing".
At two thirty he sent Fujimoto to the top of the wall at the northeast corner of the mission to keep an eye on the ridge road and give a signal when he first glimpsed the approach of Kayabashi's party.
She could act and she could write.
Victory at last!
Each wore the monkish scourge at his waist but this, it seems, was not employed for self-flagellation.
How was she to behave, Claire wondered.
The fire in the sitting room was lighted.
"Sex is overpriced", he said.
"I'll tell you nothing.
He drew her close and, hand on cheek, turned her face to his.
It was an excellent vintage.
"How do you know that"?
At the same time another child -- this one of Shelley's brain -- was given to the world: Alastor, a poem of pervading beauty in which the reader may gaze into the still depths of a fine mind's musings.
"How can you say such a thing?
The same month that Alastor was published, Murray sold twenty thousand copies of The Siege Of Corinth, a slovenly bit of Byronism that even Shelley's generosity rebelled at.
He refused to bring Claire to it even as an occasional visitor, claiming that his every move was watched by spies of the Milbankes.
There's a lot of waste going on here.
The bombproof was a low-ceilinged structure of heavy timbers covered with earth.
He stood stiffly erect, clutching the staff, his body half hidden by the limp cloth.
The officer, surprised, said he would have to see.
If my pass is approved, I may be a half hour.
His lack of success steadily eroded his interest.
Hillman had ordered him not to leave the far bank.
-- Let's get out of here.
They moved toward the skiffs with shocking eagerness, elbowing and shoving.
He paced forward unsteadily, leaning too far back, his head tilted oddly.
Then he began to crawl again.
He turned slowly and began to crawl back up the bank toward the rampart.
Beneath his clutch, a flat strip of muscle surged on the bone.
Is it far?
Can you walk?
I wish you was Henry.
-- Make him lie down!
He had not felt that during the afternoon.
What did it matter?
To hell with John.
But the shelter is as much a part of my landscape as the beech and horse-chestnut trees that grow on the ridge.
These trumps were more touching than they were anything else, and seemed to imply that the nights were long, her children ungrateful, and her marriage bewilderingly threadbare.
Leaves were burning somewhere and the smoke smelled, for all its ammoniac acidity, of beginnings.
Mrs. Trenchard worked for the blind.
Here and there she stayed to visit and drink a glass of sherry.
He was happy enough to take the convertible and race up the hill to the Blevins', thinking that they might give him a drink.
She was not a girl, he could see.
At the end of the room there was a desk heaped with papers, and she began to riffle these, making sighs and and noises of girlish exasperation.
"Sit down", he said, "and enjoy your drink and look for your checkbook later.
She had no children;
"I've never done this before", she said later, when he was arranging himself to leave.
"It's after eleven".
He thought first of his son and daughter, away at college.
Then, getting back into bed, he thought unashamedly of Mrs. Flannagan, planning where they would next meet and what they would do.
And the stiffly regal look of them, she saw grimly, lacked the quaver of age which, thwarting the efforts of her amazing will, ran through her spoken words like a thin ragged string.
from the early evening lights of them which had first startled Izaak to look at her in an uncousinly way, they had faded to a near-absence of color which had, possibly from her constant looking at the water, something of the light of the sea in them.
Then she looked at the old woman again, her eyes calm.
then she snorted and groped for her fork.
It seemed to her, as it seemed each night, that the gloom drew itself in and became densest at the table's empty chairs, giving her the frequent illusion that she dined with shadows.
It was one with the desolate rocks and the alien water on those days when she hated the sea.
What bad grace, what incredible selfishness he and Mark had shown.
Mark held the wheel loosely, but his fingers curved around it in a purposeful way and the deliberate set of his body spoke plainly of the figure he'd make in the years to come.
"I imagine the old girl hasn't missed us much", Mark added, his eyes on the road.
" Mark asked, and Abel lifted his eyes from the double lines in the middle of the road, the twin white ribbons which the car swallowed rapidly as it ascended the crest of the hill and came down.
They were climbing the hill in the night when the headlights abruptly probed solid blackness, became two parallel luminous tubes which broadened out into a faint mist of light and ended.
I think his name stopped the snoring but he didn't move except to roll a little when I shoved him.
It put you off.
"Big Hans sent me.
He's got him in the kitchen".
Pa laughed.
Why should I?
Out.
I taught him, dammit, and I'll teach you.
He might not have gone that far if Pa hadn't been locked in laughing fit to shake the house.
"What'd he say?
"Go back to sleep most likely".
Well, get your pa and get that whisky".
Nothing.
The first thing every morning when she washed her face she could see the scar on her chin where he'd cut her with a boot cleat, and maybe she saw him heaving it again, the dirty sock popping out as it flew.
I thought she'd gone upstairs and expected to hear she had.
He was put out too because there was only one way of understanding what she'd done.
A fool could see what was going on.
"Why not?
Big Hans began pouring whisky in the kid's mouth but his mouth filled without any getting down his throat and in a second it was dripping from his chin.
His mouth fell open.
"I can't".
He was cold all right, and wet.
The debris of his other careers was piled everywhere;
he had found his style quite early in his career and he thought it quite wonderful that the world admired it, and he could not imagine why he should alter it.
He had a deep voice which was full of good food she had cooked, and good humor;
She even spoke differently when she was clean, and she was clean now for his departure and her voice clear and rather sharp.
Once more and roared off into the fog, his foot evidently surprising him with the suddenness with which it pressed the accelerator, just as his hand did when he worked.
Every few minutes she would awaken for a moment to review things: Stowey, yes, was on his way south, and the two boys were away in school, and nothing was burning on the stove, and Lucretia was coming for dinner and bringing three guests of hers.
Enjoy being a bride while you can".
Bobby Joe was gone all day now, not coming in for dinner and sometimes not for supper.
Those who had driven hundreds of miles for the burial would not go home, for she might die any time;
The children had to play away from the house (in the barn loft or the pasture behind the barn), to maintain a proper quietness.
"Cousin Ada!
She filled a big pitcher and set it, with glasses, on a tray.
"He's a right smart younger than the rest"?
"Oh he's a second cousin or something.
He was talking about antelope again when they woke up.
Almost immediately Howard and his daughter Debora drove up in the Cadillac.
Howard sighed.
"Why, I couldn't even cook a piece of antelope steak;
Once in a while they said what a shame it was, with Granny dying, but they all agreed she wouldn't have wanted it any other way.
but she had never been so aware of anyone's flesh before.
The doctor opened the smallest of his cases, an unimposing straw bag, and exposed the contents for Alex's inspection.
The ledger was full of most precise information: date of laying, length of incubation period, number of chick reaching the first week, second week, fifth week, weight of hen, size of rooster's wattles and so on, all scrawled out in a hand that looked more Chinese than English, the most jagged and sprawling Alex had ever seen.
It was a fine broody hen, white, with a maternal eye and a striking abundance of feathers in the under region of the abdomen.
It was then that they heard the tread of one descending and, in some perturbation glancing up, saw the patronne coming towards them as they gained the landing.
With that he hurried up the stairs, followed by her suspicious gaze.
It was Giselle, the fille de chambre, come to clean the room, and while she stood before him with ears pricked up and regard all curiosity, explaining her errand, Alex could see from the corner of his eye the doctor doing all he could to calm the displeased bird.
"Right in my pocket".
They waited three minutes and then crept out on tip-toe;
Alex nodded to the maid as though nothing unusual were taking place and entered the doctor's room.
Seems like she's willing, but the male just flops around all day like the bashful boy who took Jeannie May behind the barn and then didn't know what to do, and the people at the zoo haven't got any vulture chicks to show for their trouble.
"Leave me alone", Leona said.
She had an alley cat's manners.
Carefully, he undid the bow.
"I told you what Miss Ada's doctor said".
She wailed.
He doubted whether she heard him, over the running water.
He was standing in front of the mirror, tightening his tie.
Winston apologized and quickly set the hat right.
a handsome, fine-looking man it made him proud to see.
Miss Ada had been out back, in a straw hat, planting flowers.
Now the yard looked wet and bald, the trees bare under their buds, but in a while Miss Ada's flowers would bloom like a marching parade.
"Winston", she said, "get the basket for the breakables".
The china lemon tree.
"He's used it every day;
Winston was relieved;
Winston had heard because he was setting up the liquor tray in the next room.
"Lovie, you make me feel naked".
A man gets old anyhow".
During the rest of the summer my scholarly mania for making plaster casts and spatter prints of Catskill flowers and leaves was all but surpassed by the constantly renewed impressions of Jessica that my mind served up to me for contemplation and delight.
Then epistolatory me was a foreign correspondent dispatching exciting cables and communiques, full of dash and wit and glamor, quoting from the books I read, imitating the grand styles of the authors recommended by a teacher in whose special, after-school class I was enrolled.
Again among those jubilantly reunited bunkmates, I was shy with Jessie and acted as I had during those early Saturday mornings when we all seemed to be playing for effect, to be detached and unconcerned with the girls who were properly our dates but about whom, later, in the privacy of our bunks, we would think in terms of the most elaborate romance.
Later, we agreed to think of how we wished to spend that night.
In or out, should I kiss her goodnight?
At five o'clock that night it was already dark, and behind my closed door I was dressing as carefully as a groom.
An old gentlemen next to me held a Boy Scout bugle to his lips and blasted away at every fourth step and during the interim shouted out, "V for Victory"!
Where exactly would we go after the movie?
Whole platoons were taking up new positions on the steps, arriving and departing, while I stayed glued, like a signpost, to one spot.
She knew that I lived at a good address on the Gold Coast, that I had once been a medical student and was thinking of returning to the university to finish my medical studies.
I grew up in an Irish neighborhood on Chicago's West Side.
"You are young, intelligent, have a whole lifetime before you to make something worth while of yourself, but you mess it up with whiskey, indifference, self-destructive attitudes.
You've treated your stay here like a big joke.
I'm the oldest of six children.
"What about your father and mother, don't you think of them when you're in a place like this"?
Her eyes became bright as she talked about her father and mother, aunts and uncles, cousins.
"If I thought you were serious about going back to school, that you'd learned something from your experiences here and at Hanover -- well, I might consider such an offer.
They always have a good orchestra".
But I had the proof, all documented in a legal agreement which I would show her the moment I was free to do so.
Such optimism was completely unjustified.
Then later I had quit my safe, secure five-a-week spot on a network soap opera to take a part in this play.
"All right.
I finally went downstairs to the bar off the main lobby where most of the cast were drowning their sorrows over the untimely passing of Ask Tony.
I followed him out through the lobby to the street.
He started to say something as I walked in and then suddenly grinned and said, "Oh, yes.
The attendant waved me on.
The attendant recognized me once more and said, "What did you do about that office"?
Want me to drive it out"?
You get business where the business is, not where it isn't".
I couldn't see him, but the electric bugging device gave steady beeps when it was straight ahead, short half beeps when the car I was following was to the left, and long drawn-out beeps when it turned to the right.
I could get up close to him where there was traffic but had to drop far behind when there wasn't traffic.
I waited until my man was coming out of the office with the key to a cabin before I went in to register.
"You mean you're all alone, Mr. Richards"?
There are ice cubes in a container at the far end and in another by the office.
She knew where to come.
She asked.
"That's what they all say.
"It's a kindness to her.
The fat man said, "All we gotta do is go around the corner".
"A night policeman just like in the States.
In a flash she was away to the back, paying no attention to three angry shouts from the male throats.
As she reached Dave and felt his arm go around her, felt him pull her to the safety of his person, she knew with the certainty of despair that something bad had happened to Lauren.
The white Buick hadn't moved away yet.
Kinda like a zombie?
sugar sprayed with a hiss that was loud in the silence.
He got one of the menus and brushed the spilled sugar onto it and carried it to a box on the floor behind the counter.
"Who's telling Guardino"?
Grosse spread his hands.
He spoke sullenly.
Grosse ducked and sniggered.
She was glad the fat man had left.
When she was finished she pushed it back.
Barney finished the cigarette he had been smoking.
Her heart was thumping painfully;
Her father's attention would be on the road ahead and it wouldn't deviate an inch until he crossed the bridge at the Falls and took the River Road to LaSalle and, finally, turned in at their own driveway at 387 Heather Heights.
I saw that woman's apron behind the door.
We're going".
His small, mean eyes regarded Marty steadily, unblinkingly.
He did not answer.
And then a startling thing occurred.
Land looked back toward the dilapidated house.
Their wires stretched out into infinity.
For just an instant he thought of appealing to them for help.
It was probably one of Kipling's tales of the British Army.
Marty's heart skipped a beat when he recognized it.
Marty looked helplessly in both directions.
He had turned his ankle slightly, and it pained him.
He had to make for the section of road just ahead that was bordered by the rail fence, the section by the farmhouse.
And then he saw something that he had not seen before, and panic gripped him again.
The fences stretched on endlessly.
They were coming on at reckless speed for such old vehicles.
He did not try to run.
It was the prowl car from the sheriff's office.
Why didn't you wait at the Burch house?
Are you positive"?
"I hope to Christ.
I can drop you back here to pick mine up".
"I don't know whether that threatening letter of hers has anything to do with this situation or not, but I want to see who takes the call".
Rourke could see it better out the right-hand side, and he said, "yes.
Instead of pulling into the curb, Shayne increased his speed slightly to the corner where he swung left.
"
Shayne nodded grimly.
You're a reporter, and you're looking for Miss Perrin to interview her.
"How often do they add up to headlines?
I'll beat it.
"Candy is dandy, but liquor is quicker and you don't have any candy for sale here anyhow".
He hoped he wouldn't be forced to use it in taking care of the Beach detectives, but its weight was comforting at his hip.
He dropped him into the street a couple of feet away from Geely's recumbent figure and stared down at both of them for a moment before kicking the big man lightly in the side.
"Why the two damned fools got all excited when they saw the bottle, and knocked each other out cold", Shayne said good-humoredly.
He looked down over the banister at the hotel desk, with the telephone and pen set.
When his vision cleared he saw the taller one scrambling upward, reaching.
"You want to be that big a fool -- I was hoping for this".
He was just short of arm's reach when he stopped.
He hunched his left shoulder into it and slashed at Roberts'forearm with his own, felt the blade slide off his sleeve.
He hit Roberts with his left fist in the ribs and the razor cut toward him feebly, then wobbled in mid-air.
Suddenly it was cold in the lobby.
He looked at where Roberts lay sprawled on the step.
It took him nearly an hour.
He put it in his own pocket for safekeeping.
He drove in low gear to the fork in the road and swung as close as possible to the entrance to the abandoned mine.
He stood looking down for a few seconds, then backed up two or three paces from the edge.
It hung momentarily on the point of dropping off.
He had started to back into the turn when he remembered the razor in his pocket.
He judged her to be a woman of some pride, though not much sense.
Gulf Springs was ten miles inland -- more of a quaint old coast town than those along the beach made garish by tourist attractions.
If there was such a person, I'm afraid she got away with it.
"Once, when the editor was just out of the hospital from a gallstone operation, Mrs. Calhoun and the mother of the bride went out to his house and fought it out beside his bed.
She was a large woman with a frizzled gray poodle cut and a pencil clamped like a bit between her teeth while she hunted and pecked on an old typewriter.
I didn't see her till several days later at the wedding, and her face looked like it had never had a blemish on it.
We usually run a social note when somebody moves away".
Mr. Ferrell is a private detective, Hirey.
Hirey treats himself a lot better than we do prisoners.
When they had gone, he stood for a minute breathing in the mustiness of old paper and leather which the busily thrumming air conditioner couldn't quite dispel.
He staggered over and dropped it on the table.
If Mrs. Black was who he thought she was, Mr. Black's Peerless selling days might well be over.
Something else distracted him, yet there was no sound, only tomblike silence.
He thought it must be some damn janitor or cleaning woman puttering around, figuring that Hirey had gone off and forgotten to turn off everything and lock up.
Then he heard it and smelled it -- the steady hissing, the dread, familiar pungency of gas escaping.
Someone reasonably trustworthy.
the genial smile seemed painted on his face.
All about that Angie knew, too.
"That's a long while", said Angie.
Oh, God, the name repeated over and over, anybody to hear -- Not being a fool, Mr. Skyros knew why.
"Now you don't want to go talking that way", he said.
Sure.
Fifty a throw, that the deal?
The expedient thing -- yes, very true, one must make do as one could, in some situations.
Funny how seldom they did: used to it, probably.
Not when she'd waited so long already.
She didn't mind working hard, not as if she figured to do anything wrong to live easy and soft -- all she wanted was a chance, where she wasn't marked as what she was.
Soon, very soon now
He seemed to remember reading somewhere that Abyssinians had large litters, and suffered a dismaying vision of the apartment overrun with a dozen kittens.
"Happened to be in the hall!
Here" -- She thrust a bundle of keys strung on a thick red cord into Sarah's hand.
At the door she turned back, her Roman nose looking very long now and satiric.
She had swished away, she had been gone for a long time probably when Sarah suddenly realized that she ought to stop her, pour out the coffee, so no one would drink it.
Rilly or Glendora had entered her room while she slept, bringing back her washed clothes.
Sarah had begun to tell Lucien of Emile, she had begun to question and a little draft had crept across the room from the bedroom door, open barely enough to show a rim of blackness in the hall.
She wouldn't go back to New York as Maude suggested;
Rev had stressed the need for money.
"Miss Maude.
In the kitchen Glendora was despairingly picking chickens.
She took Glendora to the smokehouse, unlocked it and saw with satisfaction there was still a quantity of hams and sides of bacon, hanging from the smoke-stained rafters.
She couldn't see how her death could affect Maude.
They were all three bent over a shabby riding boot;
Reckon you know the news".
Not now.
So she couldn't choose Rev as a confidant;
She eyed the chickens with, if she had known it, something of Glendora's dismal look and thought with a certain fury of the time she had spent on Latin verbs.
"Yeah.
What for?
"Aren't you ever going to go home"?
It was a cold, windy day, the day after Kitti's death, but Stanley Gilborn paid no attention to the blustery October wind.
The enormity of what Conrad had told him made it impossible for Gilborn to accept, with any degree of realism, the actuality of it.
When Kitti was alive -- and he remembered the pressure of her hand resting lightly on his arm -- she had been the center of his life.
The walk ended, inevitably, right in front of his hotel building.
At last, sitting there, in the familiar surroundings, the truth began to sink in.
Whoever he was and your wife were intimate.
For thirty minutes, Stanley Gilborn stood there.
In Blanche's defense, it must be said she was unaware of the newborn hope.
She tried to think of his unpredictable actions in the eleven years she had known him and discovered they weren't so many after all.
From behind, he had put his arms on her shoulders, turned her around, and pressed her to him, so close she couldn't breathe.
Blanche couldn't remember when she had first arrived at this conclusion.
But one day, she expected, he would somehow discover, without her having to tell him, that there was such a woman in the world;
Kitti had come into the office, on somebody's recommendation, because she needed help in preparing her income tax return.
Somehow, Blanche managed to cover the stunned surprise and offer her congratulations.
She refused to have a doctor, insisting there was nothing a doctor could do for her.
Perhaps if Felix had first come upon us when this boy was not cavorting so gaily up and down the hall outside the murdered woman's apartment, we might have had less trouble convincing Felix of our seriousness.
Just put yourself in Felix's place for a moment.
You shoulder your way through the cluster of the curious and you barge up to the cop on the door.
What I'm getting at is that we were fully prepared for Felix's being an odd one.
He was big-chested, big-shouldered and heavy-armed.
The man was just this side of being a freak.
"Me", he said merrily.
Felix is all there is".
He is a fingerprint specialist.
Gibby called him back.
"Shh", Felix implored.
That was almost forty years ago".
It was that oddly shaped space at the very top of the house, where ceiling heights had to accommodate themselves to the varying angles of roof slope.
Here and there on work table or pedestal stood a shape with a sheet or a tarpaulin draped over it.
He finally fell asleep around six in the morning with the aid of a sleeping capsule, a crutch he rarely used, and didn't awaken until early afternoon.
Nothing new.
"Some better.
As the afternoon sped toward evening, the suite saw a steady procession of Paxton aides pass in and out, each with his own special problem.
At last it was time to depart.
"It's worse inside", Thornburg informed Andy.
Andy gathered that this had been no small accomplishment.
"I got a bone to pick with you, Mr. Paxton.
Andy sighed.
"I can't stop you from doing what you think is right.
The crime showed too much planning, the kidnappers appeared too proficient to be caught by a checklist.
Bake asked.
There's a couple of call-backs I can work on".
But this was no ordinary show and Andy knew it.
The worst was yet to come.
He sensed rather than heard the gasp that swept across the audience.
though contemptuous, they were still polite.
The money's here, all of it".
Thornburg knew, better than any of them, that a public image was as fragile as Humpty Dumpty.
He clutched that knowledge to him as he returned to his dressing room.
Just don't tell Ferguson that crazy opinion of yours".
He limps, and the man who hit you and took the cane, he limped.
Mrs. Holden turned from the window draperies.
With sudden energy, she went to the phone and rang Holden's office and asked for him.
"I can't be underfoot every time those cops turn around!
"Also, that Mr. Ferguson was here.
He rose from his chair.
When he turned into the highway that led to the outskirts of the city and then rose toward home, he had to pull over to the curb and wait for a few minutes, sucking in air and squinting and blinking his eyes to clear them of tears.
but enough.
Too monstrous, of course.
But she was.
he didn't even look up.
Once he had abandoned himself to the very worst, once he had quieted all the dragons of worry and suspense, there wouldn't be very much for Mae to do.
Glad to see you go.
"Didn't you have an old pair of painting overalls in the garage?
You used to paint in them, and then you just took them for rags.
Put down the cup of coffee.
"I've never owned any painting overalls.
At the Hotel Dumont there had, at the time in issue, been twenty-three overnighters, counting couples as singular.
He's in Boston.
) And know, while all this went on, that there was no real reason to suppose that the murderer had been a guest in either hotel.
Or long fat suitcase, for that matter?
Anything at all?
Well, a man had tried, at the King Arthur, to register with an ocelot.
pass word when there was word to pass.
They had been with Payne when he was shot, could not therefore have shot him from above.
But -- hunch, now -- Willings would not ambush anything which went on two legs instead of four.
Jeopardize it now to correct so old a wrong?
Bitter, unreasoning jealousy?
He also reminded himself that he had an unusual number of possibilities.
got Mullins.
He was also, if Pam North was right, a closer acquaintance of Lauren Payne's than she, now, was inclined to admit.
When Siamese cats are intertwined it is difficult to tell where one leaves off and another begins.
Shadow looked surprised, wailed, and trotted after her.
That was more like a thought, but not a great deal more.
Pam realized, to her surprise, that she had been almost dozing.
Even with words coming too fast, they came on the music of the voice.
"A gift horse to be viewed with suspicion".
He scooped up the receiver and said, "Police chief", into the mouthpiece, and then, "Oh yes, Mr. Benson.
particles of lint and thread in the mouth and nostrils.
Probably around midnight, give or take an hour either way".
he might be Mrs. Meeker's murderer or have played some part in her death.
Mr. Hohlbein was out for the day, but Mr. Garth would be free at one-thirty.
and finally, that neither of them had harbored an unorthodox opinion since their wedding day.
She had reason to change the one she made right after Mr. Meeker's death.
She always did before, and showed the utmost confidence in whatever we advised".
Very nice for him.
Joan Sheldon had earned the larger bequest.
the next moment she'd put another half million into the scholarship fund or thirty thousand into something as impractical as this unfortunate Johnston affair.
Garth's glance began to flicker to his watch.
but for all his air of affluence, who could tell what his private financial picture was?
He took Madden into the room he used as an office.
For all her domineering ways, I can't conceive of her having had a deadly enemy".
I told you there's nothing between Midge and me, nothing.
You wouldn't pull my leg, old man?
He stared at Hoag drunkenly.
"I'll show you how wrong you are.
Look, old man, you can't go up.
I was just going.
"I want Captain Docherty".
"He claims Mahzeer's in a plot to kill the P.M.".
"Where'd your friend Hoag get his information"?
But what?
On the third floor one of the two windows was lighted;
Mahzeer, of course, would be desolate.
Would the shot come from a roof?
two others he ruled out because all their windows were lighted.
The names on the mailboxes meant nothing to him.
He paused on the landing to steady his breathing and then bent to examine the single door by the light of the weak bulb overhead.
Was there time?
a following volley of shots shattered glass, ripped the ceiling, and sent him lurching heavily from the table.
"Where's the Lieut"?
Killpath peered through half-closed lids at his reflection, thrust up his chin in a gesture of satisfaction and about-faced.
"No, sir".
"No, sir".
"Sir, Vaughn knows better than to leave the station without a relief.
But stupidity was no consolation when it had rank.
He stared at the report in Killpath's hand, sure it was written by Accacia -- just as sure as if he'd submitted it in his scrawled longhand.
Gun held his breath a moment, pushing the volume and pitch of his voice down under the trapdoor in his throat.
Killpath leaned forward again, rocked comfortably with his arms still wrapped around one knee.
It was the best he could hope for on a watch that had ended with a session in Killpath's office.
It was nine o'clock in the morning: the hour which, like a spade turning clods of earth, exposed to the day a myriad of busy creatures that had lain dormant in the quiet night.
"She's honest as the day", Mr. Phillips said, and added, "Mr. Gunnar, I can say this to you: Beebe is a little too honest.
His name was George Needham and he, too, had come from a good family.
"Where did you pick him up"?
He wondered whether Needham was going to swear off gambling and get a steady job or whether he was counting on the income from Betty's estate to subsidize him.
"Come on, darling.
Jack:
The important thing was that Burton had gone somewhere to meet a blackmailer with a gun in his pocket.
Maybe he only intended to scare the blackmailer, whoever he was, in which case an unloaded gun would be good enough.
"What picture"?
"I wouldn't even want it to get around".
"You tell him".
When he was told that no one had seen Burton since then, he thought of three other places that were possibilities.
He kept telling himself this as he went out to the kitchen to make a drink.
Casey heard the click of the distant receiver before he could open his mouth, and it took him no more than three seconds to make his decision.
The police car had pulled up behind a small sedan, its headlights still on.
The rock and roll music coming from the radio station suddenly faded as the boat coasted into the null on the Aj.
There should be an excited conversation, for somewhere, directly below them, was a treasure lost for more than four hundred years.
a tension similar to the one now.
He asked.
Poet nodded to Nick and entered the water in a similar fashion.
Yet Alfredo wanted money wanted money to roam through the deserts.
Behind it a cabin cruiser drifted crossways in the small ground-swell, a lone fisherman in the chair aft.
Turning on the hi-fi, he went back to the cockpit, stretched out on the cushions and listened to the music.
"Not a thing".
Turning slowly he saw Poet in a brilliant glare of horror.
Elaine recovered first, so quickly that Nick thought he might have imagined her sudden reaction.
So did Poet.
But Nick would not let go.
Desperately, Nick flashed one hand up, catching Poet's neck in the bend of his elbow.
Chief Bob Moore looked his same hick-self;
"Never could figure out why you ever wanted to be a cop, Jed.
Comfortably fixed.
Never had no trouble with him before, thought he was a hard worker, hustling around to get a full week's work.
No doubt about Tim being the killer -- I have a witness.
Swears she recognized his voice, that Tim yelled,'It's my money and I want it'!
We walked up Main Street to this big white house, then around to the back.
It was almost one and I hadn't had lunch.
There was a garage and a modern barn in the rear, all of it standing between two large flat fields planted in early potatoes.
"Have you any idea what this Tim and Mrs. Buck were arguing about"?
The wrinkled mouth laughed, revealing astonishingly strong, white, teeth.
Look Jed, this is an open and shut case and I have to relieve my men at the road block soon.
"Did Mrs. Buck owe him any wages"?
I asked.
Hiding out like this won't get him anything, except more trouble, or a bullet".
The Harbor is a big yachting basin in the summer.
I got into the front seat.
She puffed on the cigarette slowly, sitting slumped against the back seat;
To the hotel people, you'll just be an innocent tourist who happens to ask for that particular suite".
"I'm betting on that chance.
The chief's eyes gleamed.
She reached Pearson City at nine p.m. and went straight to the Hotel Westmore.
Colt revolver in her brain.
"I'd like the room I had the last time".
"We have better rooms vacant now", he babbled.
A man, lighting a match for his cigar, paused until the flame burned his fingers.
"Suppose you tell me the real reason", he drawled.
He could feel eyes on his back.
The room looked normal and even commonplace.
The boy dropped his eyes.
Alec gave him a tip and let him go.
Blood in the bathtub where the murderer appears to have washed his hands.
Somewhere in the city a big clock sounded twelve solemn notes -- midnight.
It stretched to an impossible height, climbing the wall to the ceiling.
Something hard grazed his knuckles.
He had a short, heavy, powerful body.
.
Alec expected an indignant denial, but there was no response at all.
There were hideous scars inside the throat and the palate was mutilated.
Much, I assure you.
they are set forth in your own newspapers.
And the truth is what you've come for, is it not?
Those who lived in that desolation of rocky deformity took on some of the moraine's stony character.
Please get that in your reports.
Sea-road, railroad, lack of water, killed Dogtown.
The quarrel ended in a ridiculous draw, but I must tell you about it.
Some ten years ago that page was torn out, I don't know by whom.
He's always worn a broad-brimmed hat, and I've noticed, in my small study at the Society, that he rather smells of cosmetics.
Le rouge et le noir.
This explained that the judge of probate of Essex County, 1785 or 1786, appointed three free-holders of Gloucester to divide and establish the Norberg estate.
Gloomy and unkempt as Red McIver was, he was much the better painter.
Rabbits, too, if you care for them, which most of the folk around here haven't the sense to appreciate.
I myself had been up there by seven o'clock, after mushrooms, since there'd been a week of rain which had stopped early that morning and the day was as clear as Sandwich glass.
He wondered how he got tied up with this stranger.
Then the man he saved turned and looked squarely into the truck driver's face, without saying a word.
Now he wondered if it was worth it, having a screwball for company.
I might have got hit by that truck if it wasn't for you.
He keeps riding me because I like to listen to the radio and sing while I'm taking a bath.
Maybe suicide, if it looks reasonable.
The next day, Sunday, the hangover reminded Haney where he had been the night before.
The landlord had died.
The stranger really had nothing to do with it, of course
He had been sitting in the usual corner at the little table, as far as possible from any talkative, friendly lushes.
-- he hadn't seen him sit down.
But there was no trouble.
Community property deal -- you know.
Haney felt a twinge of annoyance when he heard the now familiar line again.
It could have been an accident".
Haney swished the liquor in the bottom of his glass.
It was a big room, empty except for a few things of Pops's at the far end -- a wooden crate on which stood the candle, a spread out blanket, and an unrolled bindle.
We'll both be blowing town tomorrow so we won't be moving in on you".
"Perfect set-up", I told him.
This was the same, except that it was the murder of one man by two men and neither of us was wearing gloves.
About halfway through the second bottle, Charlie looked at me across Pops, who was sitting between us and asked "Now"?
"We don't want to know whether he's dead, yet.
Charlie said, "Good boy.
Charlie asked me.
"If we left one we'd have to wipe it for fingerprints.
There are the boards over the window, of course, but they're not painted and too rough to take prints.
We discussed the candle and decided the hypothetical other bum would have left it burning to light his way to the window and because he'd have no reason to blow it out.
It had gone like clockwork.
I'd tell him everything I'd learned about Seaton's habits and habitat, and he'd tell me the score on Radic.
he memorized them thoroughly and then we tore them into tiny pieces and flushed them down.
And if you're as flat broke as I am, I think we'll have to take the added risk of knocking over a filling station or something before we split for one of us to set up an alibi while the other does his dirty work".
I'll go to bat first.
Self's integrity was and is and ever had been.
In his mind he spoke simultaneously the English sentence and the Martian word and felt closer grokking.
My, you look chipper".
"Sure, I'm hungry"!
He could see in almost total darkness.
"Fine".
He hesitated;
In the other hemisphere it is growing colder and nymphs, those who stayed alive through the summer, are being brought into nests for quickening and more growing".
"Yes.
I grok I shall never be lonely again".
Is that -- I mean,'Do you know'" --
Oh!
On Earth elections continued and a very advanced poet published a limited edition of verse consisting entirely of punctuation marks and spaces;
L'Unita and Hoy published identical denunciations of Short's elevation, l'Osservatore Romano and the Christian Science Monitor ignored it, Times of India snickered at it, and the Manchester Guardian simply reported it -- the Fosterites in England were few but extremely militant.
Check with one of them, go ahead -- there's no professional jealousy here".
"I held still for the same thing, didn't I?
Where do I start"?
The girls seemed to spend half their time tiptoeing in "to see if Mike was all right" and they were too preoccupied to cook, much less be secretaries.
Macneff stopped pacing to stare at Hal with his pale blue eyes.
Besides, they were not the only impressions.
Swiftly, came the revulsion, the protest.
The expedition was under orders to make a swift survey of conditions and then to return to Earth.
Then, he said, "Unfortunately, only one lamechian linguist exists, and he is too old for this expedition.
But, from our reading of the Western Talmud, we Urielites believe that the Forerunner, knowing this situation would arise, made reference to and provision for divorce.
Southern China, all of southeast Asia, southern India and Ceylon, these states of the Malay Federation spoke Bazaar.
Here the peoples spoke the tongue of Iceland because that island had gotten the jump on the Hawaiian-Americans who were busy resettling North America and the western half of South America after the Apocalyptic War.
And, therefore, being in disgrace, they would not be cremated and their ashes flung to the winds in public ceremony.
Perhaps.
There was the squat loose-jowled man, smiling lopsidedly up at him.
5
And the crew would be automatically brought out of their suspended animation.
His duty was to write a school text and to teach the entire personnel of the Gabriel how to speak Ozagen.
The same use of an entirely different word applied for all the other tenses.
)
But they have survived for long periods as races, whereas you are young.
His heart, he discovered, was pounding.
Another pause;
We will gladly entertain your young and give them proper living quarters, in return for their help in running our fusion reactors.
Furthermore, even the highly trained law clerk who was a part of Jack's total make-up could not understand how the principle could ever be codified.
There was no question in Jack's mind of the good faith on one side, at least.
For a moment he could make no sense at all of what he saw.
I don't see them.
Through the telescope, Jack could see that both spacesuits were still attached to it.
But where was it going?
after all, he had had the same set of facts as Jack had had to work from, and he was an almost frighteningly observant man.
"Hesperus"?
Therefore of course I will help".
He rubbed his eyes sleepily with one huge paw.
The facsiport rolled open on the landscape.
"How can a planet with so many neighbors be so lonely"?
Nitrogen and oxygen are about it".
"You hold down the fort, Nogol.
Ekstrohm smiled, and followed the captain through the airlock with only a glance at the lapel gauge on his coverall.
"One of the best matches I've ever found.
Ryan nudged it with his toe, following Ekstrohm's example.
"But what about our landing was lethal to the creatures"?
They curl up and die at the sight of something strange and alien -- like a spaceship".
The Earthmen made camp outside the spaceship.
Now there could be an end to pretending.
Some doctors had informed him he was mistaken about this.
Over the years, he had had buddies in space in whom he thought he could confide.
On impulse, he flipped up the heat control on his coverall and slid back the hatch of the bubble.
All the dead animals laying around the ship".
"I'll be damned", Ekstrohm said.
You've been riding on a pink ticket for six years, you know that".
It was not a new experience to Ekstrohm.
You may not be responsible".
Soon they all were removed to Central Laboratory School where their delicate transformation began.
They would have to bide their official time and see, trusting that the massive doses of shell-psychology would suffice her, too, as the necessary bulwark against her unusual confinement and the pressures of her profession.
One such group got all incensed over shelled "children" when Helva was just turning fourteen.
Helva's hum then had a curious vibrancy, a warm, dulcet quality even in its aimless chromatic wanderings.
"I meant that you have a nice singing voice dear", the lady amended.
"Of course, some of my color values do not match the old Master's and the perspective is faulty but I believe it to be a fair copy".
"I had that in mind".
But "singing" for any shell person posed considerable technical difficulties to be overcome.
After experimentation, Helva discovered that she could manipulate her diaphragmic unit to sustain tone.
Her permanent titanium shell was recessed behind an even more indestructible barrier in the central shaft of the scout ship.
Consequently no one had remembered to introduce Helva to the prospective partners.
"No one has come.
B'dikkat had turned to the next knot of people when the super-condamine hit Mercer.
Mercer thought that she looked very distinguished and charming.
It was like the cap in the hospital, only a thousand times better.
People never live forever.
Mercer wondered how long the super-condamine had lasted him.
the drug canceled out his needs for cycles of the body.
She meant him well, but was in no condition for articulate speech.
"But you want to ask me when B'dikkat is going to come back with the needle".
"Is that the name for the needle"?
Take it out of me"!
He saw the child-face grimace as the head was cut;
but the nicest thing about their relationship was her whisper to him, repeated some thousands of time, repeated with smiles and hope, "People never live forever".
He spoke through the public address box built into the cabin, and his gigantic voice roared out over the empty plain, so that the pink herd of talking people stirred gently in their happiness and wondered what their friend B'dikkat might be wanting to tell them.
His own fate he accepted.
those who could talk declared it to be the breathing of Captain Alvarez.
Mercer read it, and so had a few of the others, but they could not tell which man had done it.
If he had married her, he'd have been asking for trouble.
Because the summer was unusually dry and hot, the spring produced a smaller stream than in ordinary years.
When they were closer and he saw that one was a woman, he was more puzzled than ever.
He didn't think it was possible for this couple to be pretending.
She had reached a point at which she didn't even care how she looked.
They looked a good deal alike, Morgan thought.
He asked.
"You mean you dragged your wife all over hell's half-acre looking for work"?
"Morgan.
They were running from something.
Your wife's in terrible shape".
This is the Rafter Aj.
She got to her feet, staggered, and almost fell.
"Mr. Morgan, it's the best-looking food I ever saw".
She helped him with the dishes, then he brought more water in from the spring before it got dark.
"My dress needs some work on it".
"I get up early.
Gavin paused wearily.
against this bent man in the chair he was powerless.
My men, they all left me.
"Come here".
God in Heaven, I can't refuse you now.
He burst from the hot confinement of the room into the cold night air.
He had taken a carbine down from the wall and it trailed from his hand, the stock bumping on the wood floor.
Gavin began to nod.
He approached the horse and laid a hand on the stallion's quivering neck.
Lived alone by the river.
It looked as Gavin had first seen it years ago, on those nights when he slept alone by his campfire and waked suddenly to the hoot of an owl or the rustle of a blade of grass in the moon's wind -- a savage land, untenanted and brooding, too strong to be broken by the will of men.
They had been seen as soon as they left the ranch, picked out of the darkness by the weary though watchful eyes of two men posted a few hundred yards away in the windless shelter of the trees.
You can't" --
He treats her like she was dirt.
There are plenty of fresh horses halfway at my place.
Thirty-six
Gavin's face was bloodless with excitement.
He would never reach California.
Fiske joined them, unsteady on his feet.
First, we've got to get out of here".
No doubt there would be men guarding the horses.
Susan halted Dean and kissed him.
Mike only said, "Later".
He might tell her how sorry a spectacle she was making of herself, pretending to be blind to the way Julia Fortune had taken Dean's affections from her.
They were tethered, army style, on stable lines.
The guard instinctively parried the blow with his rifle.
He demanded.
Dean resisted Mike's attempt to push him toward the horse.
Dean still hesitated, but Mike lifted him almost bodily into the saddle and thrust the reins in his hand.
Then he was on his way at a gallop.
"They're stealin'the stock"!
Beyond the stockade rifles began to explode as some of the guerrillas fired at shadows that they imagined were Apaches.
An ammunition case stood open, containing canisters which contained powder cartridges.
He turned and raced across the parade ground toward the rock house.
Susan and Julia came from the door and dragged him with them.
Mike snatched a pistol from the heap of scattered booty and fired.
One screeched.
The heat drove the guerrillas back.
The bullet had torn through the flesh just above the knee, inflicting an ugly gash that was forming a pool of blood on the floor.
"Anything wrong, cap'n?
They all flew into action.
"Mr. Manuel did that in the war.
"There's no war on now".
-- Old Knife's not the only chief he'll get to do his dirty work!
"Let the savages kill each other.
Our camp was in the center of a wide valley.
Coyotes and hunting wolves sounded like signaling Indian scouts, the whinny of a restless pony made one's skin crawl.
I'll shoot the first man who doesn't".
Next to him was a young boy I was sure had sat near me at one of the trading sessions.
As he started to slump over, another warrior swung him onto his horse.
The Aricaras broke under the devastating fire, wheeled and retreated.
the square head fell over.
They grew louder as the Indians charged again.
Again we waited for Montero.
Oso reached up, jerked the buck from the bale and snapped his neck.
Although my shot killed his horse, he rolled off the bale on top of me.
The few survivors grudgingly turned away.
He was losing patience again.
"There's some mistake", he said finally.
She studied it for a long time.
I ought to.
He sold me a clear title.
He took the reins just below the bit and held them firmly, and it was his turn to smile now.
He grabbed her by the shoulders and went down on one knee, taking her weight so that some of the wind was driven out of him.
The fire had gone down, and the man was only a shadow against the trees.
"I thought I told you to stay home".
You've got no business up here".
You're pretty hard on him".
It must have got there when you fell against me".
But I'll know how to handle you next time".
They weren't sleeping, of course, but they thought they were doing him a favor by pretending.
The coyote was calling again, and he hoped that this time there would be no other sounds to interrupt it.
And they had almost everything they needed: land, a house, two whiteface bulls, three horses.
There was only one place where Jake Carwood's description had gone badly awry: the peace and quiet.
That girl last night, what was her name?
The first part of the road was steep, but it leveled off after the second bend and curled gradually into the valley.
I was nearly thirty at the time.
Since they could see me but I not them, their presence in the hall disturbed me.
It was obvious that he wished himself different from the sort of person he thought he was.
Noticing my disappointment he attempted to salvage what scraps and shreds of authority he felt might still be clinging to his person.
Now, here was something of obvious importance to me, yet when I reached for the tickets he snatched them away from my hand.
For although I had crossed a corner of the hall on my way to the toilet I still could not tell for sure how far to the rear the darkness extended.
I felt certain it was self-appointed.
I did not despair, however;
Its front was windowless, but irregularities in the masonry might be an indication that windows, now blinded, had once looked out upon the street.
The clerk impressed this upon me: that I should not arrive in the hall before ten o'clock.
The director's office.
He did not look at them now.
I felt certain that the director, like the afternoon clerk, seldom moved beyond the counter, that the hall, to them, was a jungle, a dark and unwelcome place.
Barton said harshly, "Why did you do that"?
"Come on.
They looked up in surprise as Powers came in.
"One sound and you're dead".
They slid through the wicket in the big gate, ghosted across the dark ground.
A good man, Emmett.
You're the only man the Night Riders will follow.
He did not trust Rankin, his violent temper, his killer instinct.
He too knew the agony of going for weeks, sometimes months without the solace of tobacco.
He said now, "I've got the perfect headquarters set up.
"As mad as ever.
"What's he doing there"?
He's quite a rat, you know.
"If you hadn't I'd have killed you".
My wife died in childbirth after I was sent away.
It brought men out of bed and sent them into hurried conferences.
The monitors ran twenty-four hours each day.
Hague had never accustomed himself to Kodyke.
Hague squeezed down his uneasy dislike.
They blame us for all their troubles.
Then she turned the station wagon around and headed it back down the hill, with the village as her ostensible destination.
On her bureau lay a small, brass ornament of simple design and faded engraving -- an object which, Pamela believed now, had been the property of her great-grandfather, Major Hiram Munroe Culver.
But she was caught in it, and she faced the terrible possibility that, if it were a dream, it was one from which she might never awaken.
Pamela felt calm and peaceful as she walked along.
Success depended upon maintaining her equanimity;
In her grim pursuit of tranquillity, Pamela focused her thoughts on her husband.
Bushes and vines abetted the rocks in forming thorny detours for the struggling stranger, and without the direct light of the sun to act as compass, Pamela could no longer be positive of her direction.
In spite of her attempt to preserve her balance, she fell, bruising her arm on a naked stone.
The earth smelled moist and pungent as it might in a cave deprived of the cleansing effect of the sun's rays.
It crawled across her breasts, suffocating the life in her nipples.
Does the mountain listen?
Miraculously, she found exactly the right statement.
Shu-tt up-pp!
Said Joyce.
"Aah, go on", she said.
That's really all he's got, all he is.
Neither was he very powerful of build.
"Oh, cut it out, Tom"!
"How -- with what?
She saw it then, the distant derrick of the wildcat -- a test well in unexplored country.
"What else would I mean, anyways"?
It poured out of him like an electric current, a feeling that the muscles and nerves of his fine-drawn body were coiling for action, and that that action would be all that he anticipated.
I'm not the only man in town with a gun, or the only one without a permit".
Don't like to bother no one unless we have to, which I figger we do, in your case.
I just do what I'm told, and" --
How could he exert authority over them -- make them toe the line, as he had to -- if he knuckled under to this small-town clown?
Then, as he doubled, gasping, vomiting the breakfast he had so lately eaten, Lord straightened him with an uppercut.
I was just doing my job, just following orders, and for that he's going to kill me.
He hated them too much to understand -- the people of this isolated law-unto-itself world that was Lord's world.
When he regained consciousness he was in Lord's house, in the office of Doctor Lord, the deputy's deceased father.
He'd started a fire and put coffee on, and now was busy at the work board of his chuck wagon.
He'd been in an angry mood: Conchita had thought his face almost ugly with the anger in him.
He was in earnest conversation with her father and the old vaquero, Luis Hernandez.
It was burning away, forgotten.
After all, you want the senora as much as you want the boy.
"Maybe in a year, Tomas.
Maybe I should withdraw my advice -- no"?
And the boy will need his mother.
"We'll ride out as soon as we've had chuck".
If the bluff failed and they ran into trouble, Brannon had told the others, they would withdraw -- and he would come after his son another time.
A lamp burned inside, but Brannon, peering through the window, saw that the office was empty.
They rode to the Rockfork House, a little farther along the opposite side of the street.
"Sitting with a cup of coffee now.
"Now, listen" -- Macklin began.
"Every last one of you.
"Key"?
They moved in on him, crowded him from all sides.
The door of the lockup was of oak planks and banded with strap iron.
"Don't try it", Brannon told him, dismounting and starting up the steps with his men following.
The author of the anonymous notes seemed to be all-knowing.
Lewis was a man who had made a full-time job of cow stealing.
"I'll be shootin'right back".
He slumped against a log fence rail, then tried to lift himself.
The authorities had to release him.
A good many beef-hungry settlers were accepting the death of William Lewis as proof that the warning notes were not idle threats.
Harnessing a team to a buckboard, they drove out to a willow-lined creek about a half-mile off, then climbed down and began chopping.
A detailed scouring of the entire area revealed nothing beyond a ledge of rocks that might have been the rifleman's hiding place.
He had lots of friends, then as always.
He echoed again in soft wonder.
This was the message found tacked to the cabin door.
For that legend was growing explosively, Rumor was insisting he received a price of $600 a man.
But to the cattlemen who had been facing bankruptcy from rustling losses and to the cowboys who had been faced with lay-offs a few years earlier, he was becoming a vastly different type of legendary figure.
Brenner's voice was oily, but Summers wasn't fooled.
Tell her Curt Adams wants to see her".
He started toward the stairway, then turned to add, "Tell her to come to Adams's room, that Adams is in trouble.
Curt approached the place cautiously, and watched it several minutes from the protection of a grove of trees.
There were two horses in the barn, a sway-backed dun and Jess Crouch's buckskin.
Presently he heard footsteps crossing the yard, and Jess's smothered curses.
Jess caught his breath in surprise.
If I don't come back in the house, Breed's going to" --
"It's Ben Arbuckle we're going to talk about".
Who told you to do it?
He retreated a step and holstered his own.
I ain't a gunslinger".
He dropped his own beside it.
When his eyes began to focus, he saw Jess charging at him with a pitchfork.
When his head came down, Curt grabbed him by the hair and catapulted him head first into the wall.
He backed Jess into a corner, grabbed a handful of the man's shirtfront, and drew back his right fist.
Curt moved in and picked up his gun.
This dirty coward just admitted killing Arbuckle.
"We're going to Marshal Woods's house.
He released her reluctantly for her enthusiastic reunion with Old Hap.
From the way the wound in his head was itching, Dan knew that it would heal.
"I know you ain't"!
And now she could see him, looking uncommon handsome, standing there beside Sally Jackson and her folks in front of their trail-worn wagon.
By then Hez could see for himself, and so could the others.
Only, they carefully substituted old country folk dances for the Virginia Reels and square dances that were so popular among more worldly trains in the great westward migration.
"Don't reckon there's nobody out there,'cept maybe Dan, who can outgrip me, Harmony".
Soon the child, the dog, the cat and even the cheese, all joined them out there in the circle.
"My souls'a-gracious"!
Gran peered again at the week-old blond mustache shadowing Dan's upper lip.
Dan grinned, and changed the subject.
Rod looked apprehensively ahead at the narrowing, precipice-walled gorge.
Pat only nodded.
The Palace was an elaborate establishment, built practically on stilts in front, with long flights of wooden steps running up to the porch.
Stevens was nowhere in sight.
Forced behind him momentarily, Russ followed at once and halted two steps inside.
He did not reply, going on toward the back.
Pat saw Gyp Carmer staggering forward, a half-filled bottle upraised as if to strike.
"Go through his pockets, will you?
"By golly, Stevens!
"We know Penny spent some -- and Carmer must have dropped a few dollars getting that load on".
It'll be a pleasure for you to return this money to Colcord and tell him about it, Russ".
"Old Crip wasn't", retorted Cobb tartly.
At the first restaurant he sensibly pulled up to go in for his dinner, and as a consequence did not see Cobb strike the open range at the mouth of the canyon and head straight across the swells for Antler.
In town no one paid much attention to an occasional shot;
Still a quarter-mile away, the fresh clap of guns only served to increase his speed.
A carbine cracked more loudly, and a slug clipped fragments from the brush off at one side.
A second twitched his shirtsleeve, and he felt a brief burn on his upper arm.
Gradually the wash climbed upward, forcing him toward open range.
Each plane carried two five-hundred pound bombs.
But his hands and those of Donovan moved automatically adjusting and arranging in the check-out procedure.
From the time the chocks were pulled until the plane was out of sight, he knew Donovan would keep his back to the strip.
Water splashed against his windshield as he led the flight in and out of showers.
"Roger, Sweeney", Todman called back, and pulled his four in and slightly above Greg.
Although they drew light ground fire they saw no signs of activity.
The low clouds made bombing difficult.
Three bogies.
And then he thought Todman might be right.
"Sweeney Blue, hit the deck.
The opposing aircraft continued to come on.
Even as he said it, Greg knew they had found the enemy.
No turns.
"They haven't seen us".
His nose up.
The plane rumbled and slowed.
His speed was dropping rapidly.
Cool air moving slowly through the open or smashed-out side windows hinted of blooming roadside vegetation, and occasionally a faint fragrance of perfume swirled from the back seat.
White-shirted and conservatively-cravated drivers stared conspicuously toward the eastern horizon and past my supplicating and accusing gaze.
Squeezing a look between Johnson's fat jowls and the car frame a handsome and still darkhaired lady inquired "Y'all drahve"?
Mrs. Roebuck smilingly declined and began suddenly to go on about her son, who was "onleh a little younguh than you bawhs".
And re-echo.
I seized the rack and made a western-style flying-mount just in time, one of my knees mercifully landing on my duffel bag -- and merely wrecking my camera, I was to discover later -- my other knee landing on the slivery truck floor boards and -- but this is no medical report.
Did I want a beer?
We were in a field, in a tight, screeching turn.
You thought I was a Mexican, didn't you, buddy"?
Teeth again flashing back at me, the driver released a deluge of Spanish in which "amigo" appeared every so often like an island in the stormy waves of surrounding sound.
"Aye-yah-ah-ah"!
Suddenly and not a second too soon I thought of the coins in my pocket.
The Indian's arm whipped sidewise -- there was a flash of amber and froth, the crash of the bottle shattering against the side of the first car.
And what eyes they were.
It was her first smile.
She jerked the coat back on and squeezed it around her again, but not soon enough.
Haven't we haven't I seen you.
In fact, I was watching you on that little seventeen-inch screen when you rang my bell.
It was fun for me, all right.
Oh, yeah", I said.
even to clean men and boys.
Anyway, it was evident what he had in mind".
She'd driven around for a while, Joyce said, then, thinking Louis Thor would have calmed down by that time, she'd gone back to his home on Bryn Mawr Drive, parked in front, and walked toward the pool.
I didn't get a good look at him at all, his back was to me, and I was so scared It was just somebody in a man's suit.
As far as I was concerned, she had already and had dandily shown what she could do.
"You might as well wait here while I'm gone, so you can use my shower if you'd like".
So you'll have everything all to yourself, doggone"
Warmly.
Hell, she couldn't.
"How'd you hear about this one"?
"They were supposed to meet Thor at nine PM for a conference concerning the ad campaign for their soap, a new angle based on this SX-21 stuff".
Deputy coroner says it looks like he sucked in a big pile of those thick suds and strangled on'em.
I worked for my Uncle (an Uncle by marriage so you will not think this has a mild undercurrent of incest) who ran one of those antique shops in New Orleans'Vieux Carre, the old French Quarter.
The very faces of the people bore this expectation of fun and pleasure.
Her legs were the full, sexy kind, full bodied like a rare wine and just as tantalizing to the appetite;
She was standing with her back to the glass door.
It is nothing you can put your fingers on but the air suddenly fills with a high charge of electricity.
Even as she was telling me about it I became aware of a give-away flush that suffused her neck and moved upwards to her cheeks, and subconsciously I realized that when she entered the store she did not switch on the lights.
When we opened the door again for business and switched on the lights she said:
I said.
"I don't want to be thrown out and I don't think I will.
There will be romance and flirtation.
"I don't understand", she insisted.
If it were not that I knew who it was I could have mistaken it for my Aunt so well did her clothes fit him.
You should -- smack!
And indeed, his postcard did draw from Walter a letter recommending his friend, the poet Nicolas Manas, to his friend Meredith Wilder.
Well, maybe Manas wouldn't call.
Her heart, her maternal feeling, in fact her being was too busy expressing itself, as quietly thrilled by this sight of her Nicolas curled asleep under a blanket, in a park like a scene from Poussin.
He used the blanket for late morning naps when hosts of the night had gone off to jobs and proved reluctant to leave him in their small rooms with their few possessions.
Even so, it took her several days to force Walter to tell her Nicolas's whereabouts.
She set down her suitcase.
He sneezed.
Families are very interesting.
Rather erotically he listened to the bath water running;
Mary Jane had made very little effort.
;
"Those sweet girls?
) But he read on.
They finished the small bottle of Steinhager.
Molten glare singed their eyelids an angry crimson;
He moved back to the wheel and stood there blowing, grasping the top of a spoke to still the trembling of his played-out limbs.
He took a long but carefully controlled draught.
And all the time, she had the heat of hatred in her, like charcoal that is burning on its under side, but not visibly.
"We're lost and burning up already", she bit out tensely.
His wide mouth compressed.
He had left her inviolate, thinking familiarity would gentle her in time.
They thought it would be a chance for you to make a life out where nobody will be thought any better than the next except for just what's inside of them.
And goaded the oxen as he yelled.
It was filled with dust and wind and sound and violence.
Then the darkness thinned, and there was light again, and then bright sunlight.
At least, the wheels dug in.
The pale blob of the woman disappeared.
It was spoiled now for seed, and it would sour and mold in three days if they failed to find a place and fuel to dry it.
Hope surged within him.
He furled the slashed sides of the canvas tarpaulins, leaving the ribs and wagon open.
The lifeboats were stuck fast.
Her stern was down and a sharp list helped us to cut loose the lifeboat which dropped heavily into the water.
Now we peered anxiously for any speck of land in the Pacific, for this interminable bailing would have to stop soon.
He had been speaking of this archipelago:
"I know something about Eromonga.
I squinted at the looming shoreline.
Often, I heard my uncles and cousins speak of it when I was a small boy growing up in Rabaul.
The girl in the prow of the outrigger turned a smile like a beacon on me.
There was a mound of bleached human bones and skulls at the base of the big wooden derrick.
As if divining my thoughts, the girl Songau smiled warmly and said in the casual tone an American woman might use in describing her rose garden:
Not so soon, anyway.
But a glance at Songau and the other women confirmed what Brassnose had blurted out.
Her name was L'Turu and she told me many things.
Within a decade or less, few men were left and a feminist society had sprung up.
"I guess he spent the morning getting himself all organized, then headed for home.
"Ever see yourself spread out on the pavement, Benny"?
Then he would realize they were really things that only he himself could think.
Sometimes they just parked at the side of the road and used radar on the trucks as they passed.
She wore shorts and a loose terry-cloth shirt.
Their work was lonely.
The man stood near the bent levi-clad body of the Indian who lay face down almost under the car.
He turned and looked at them with clear blue eyes, immaculate eyes.
"Don't".
He stared at the shining, shining circles of hairs and heard the voice of his partner through trees, "Don't do that, fella.
He hadn't done it this time and he would never again hit anyone so hard.
Someone said.
The girl looked around quickly at several of the people.
Benson moved his arms, gesturing with an unfamiliar vigor and talking rapidly.
"Mough -- it's my mough", the man said, trying to talk without moving his lips.
She's got guts, thought Keith.
But her beauty always surprised him anew.
"
All of us, that is, except me.
For a brief period each year, the rays of the sun are warm enough to melt some of the snows piled a mile deep at the base of the headwalls, and then the pinnacles glisten in the daytime at high noon, and billions of gallons of water begin their slow seepage under the glaciers and across the rockstrewn hanging valleys on their long, meandering journey to the sea -- running east past the sky-carving massifs of Gurla Mandhata and Kemchenjunga, then turning south and curling down through the jungles of Assam, past the Khasi Hills, and into Bengal, past Sirinjani and Madaripur, until the hard water of the melting snows mingles with the soft drainage of fields and at length fans out to meld with the teeming salt depths of the Bay of Bengal.
He knew how to shoot down Nazis.
Not quite.
He had strength in his six-foot frame, but it was like the tensile steel in a rapier.
This time, they had been lucky.
The bomb was a solitary one.
He stressed the wild beauty of the mountains, and the jungles.
The sambur buck, the jungle stag that is even more noble than the Scottish elk.
Wild boar watched their progress with little pig eyes, and grunted derision when they didn't consider such game worthy of a shot from the.
"I loused it", Rob said, with a savage note in his voice.
I've been that far half a dozen times.
"Pressure-happy", Artie said, and climbed in.
"Our boy didn't chicken out, no sir.
"Nobody's giving anything up", Robinson said.
Old Commodore Forsythe, who had once lost a fifty-dollar bet on whether he could get both motors started and turn on the running lights without accidentally turning on something else first.
"When you gotta go, you gotta go", Mrs. Forsythe said.
Waddell had heard that he had been a commando in Rommel's Afrika Corps, and he said to himself: I'd hate to run into him in the desert on a dark night.
"No"?
I must have a powerful representative here, a firm with a national distribution and ten, twenty thousand dollars to advertise my products.
of course, I was willing.
"If you will pardon, I think it would be better if not.
There was no doubt that Herr Schaffner meant every word of what he said.
He took a big swig of his drink.
the rewards prompt and juicy in modern big-business America.
crossed himself;
As he reached for the door there was a knock on it and when he opened he found Artie, who came in and sat down on a bunk.
Early that day Matsuo saw a marine.
tomorrow: no surrender.
He sighed and leaned for a moment against the trunk.
A signal?
Matsuo repeatedly choked down his own nausea.
A spectacle occurred across the meadow: the lone marine took a seat on the ground;
The jungle did not retort.
When he got closer to the tree, Matsuo noted the wild look on his face.
The marine was sprawled some thirty yards away, one arm extended.
Maintaining his clutch on the hair, Matsuo watched the closed eyes while rummaging in the jacket pockets.
The marine's eyes opened, squeezed shut, then opened squinted in the glare.
He sniffed and recognized it.
The marine shut his eyes.
He must have saturated himself in the drink, for the bullet not to shock him out of his drunken haze.
burned the other cheek;
He would soon die.
He aimed, but listened.
The marine slumped forward into a bow like a priest before an idol.
Matsuo shook his head.
"Your superiors will certainly beat you for your desertion, besides the dishonor of it.
He asked.
Most of the time I get what I ask for".
The Colt roared twice and two men dropped, writhing.
Tilghman and his partner, George Rust, herded the men into a corner.
"Amen", said the Reverend Doran, grabbing his rifle propped up against a tombstone, "and now my brethren, it would seem that our presence is required elsewhere".
"If Blue Throat has his way he'll keep us all cooped up in here for days", he said.
Billy Tilghman did just that.
Citizens took the view that a lawman was expected to risk his life on the odd occasion anyway, but this fighting fury of a man risked it regularly over a period of half a century.
The two lawmen halted their wagon about twenty yards from the door.
Suddenly he saw something which made his big heart give a sickening lurch and caused the hairs to bristle on the back of his neck.
The rancher was trembling.
But he knew well enough that those guns would still be trained on his back as he walked towards the wagon.
We'll let him go".
He would feel ashamed each time and wonder whether his mother and father knew -- thinking they might see it in his eyes or smell it on him.
She would look at Jack, with that hidden something in her eyes, and Jack would see the Woman and become breathless and a little sick.
then he slowed to a walk.
Outside it was already hot at 7:30 A.M., and it was getting hot in the kitchen.
Just then Charles Lever yelled, "Hey, Jack", from the quarry road which ran behind the Carter house, and Jack grabbed the lunch from the table and darted out the kitchen door, yelling "Good-bye, Mom" over his shoulder.
What"?
"Jist like that"?
"Time for books", she yelled, jingling a little five-and-dime store bell in her right hand.
At noontime, remembering what the teacher had said about maybe playing with the kids, Jack stayed close to the schoolhouse while all the other big boys, except Charles, went off out the road to play ball.
"O.K." Charles rose also, and the two of them moved over to join the girls.
"Thank you", she said, dusting herself off.
He simply would not work his arithmetic problems when the teacher held his class.
His heart was pounding like a mighty dynamo and he was trying to think, his mind seeming to scream at him like a hurt or frightened child, "How will I do it?
Johnny vigorously pounded two bleached steer bones against the gourd which served as his drum.
Madame Lalaurie gestured with her riding crop toward the 20-year-old youth who was stomping and writhing with the king snake still draped over his bare shoulders.
He gaped at Madame Lalaurie and sniffed the Paris perfume which emanated from her.
Satisfied at last, and after a few amorous gambits on her part which convinced Delphine that Dandy was capable of learning new arts, she opened the window and called to her liveried driver.
His bold eyes raked the woman, and a perceptive spectator might sense that there was more to their relationship than that of slave to owner.
Dr. Louis Lalaurie stood on the veranda at the head of the driveway and watched his carriage as it approached the pillared mansion.
He deserves a better life than just rotting away on the Prieur plantation".
He bounced exuberantly on the sagging bed and was even more delighted when Madame Lalaurie -- after closing the door -- showed the slave that the bed was designed for something other than slumber.
You did this you like to hurt to beat people I want to go home".
After I paid Monsieur Prieur for Dandy, I brought him home, but he was ill at ease and ran away the same night.
So the verdict was "death at the hands of a person or persons unknown", and the elite of the city, accepting Delphine's testimony, welcomed her and the doctor back into the fold.
The fugitive cried out in an oddly sibilant voice: "Help me, somebody!
It had been a very long time that had no form and no end.
The boy lifted the girl by the waist and set her on the lip of the floor.
He was less to see, but Feathertop took him in, too, just to keep the records straight.
He held the black plastic kazoo lightly.
But nowhere!
That was gonna be fun collecting!
"Oh, come on, Cappy", the girl chided.
"Where'd you come from, Mr. -- uh -- Mr. Smith"?
The boy scowled at him, and the girl looked shocked.
Cappy looked wary, but he moved off the floorboards and followed the dirty ex-musician to the center of the refuse-littered boxcar.
"Hot dogs, man.
Ernie asked.
Cappy's head came around sharply.
Ernie nodded.
Now forget all this other.
Road gang, Ernie thought.
He belched again, and opening his eyes, threw the bottle out the open door.
Her scream split up the silence of the car, accompanied by the rattling of the freight, and then Cappy came off the floor, his legs driving him hard.
Kitty screamed insanely and her face was white.
Or the bay of female dogs in heat.
Once the Old Man had had a wife.
"Eh, Torino!
It was enough for people to know that at one time he had looked down the street at the fleshy suppleness of a woman he had consumed -- watching her become thinner and thinner in the distance, as thin as the seams on her stockings, and still thinner.
There seemed to be a contemptuous purpose in the way he sat there with his eyes glued to Drexel Street and his back in opposition to the church behind him.
It swayed with the wicker swings and screeched with the rusted hinges of screen doors.
Only paved alleyways tunneled through the walls of those fortresses into the mysterious core of intimacy behind the houses where backyards owned no fences, where one man's property blended with the next to form courtyards in which no one knew privacy.
At fifteen he didn't care that he had no mother, that he couldn't remember her face or her touch;
He would sit inside the coffee shop and pound a gloved fist upon the table and a girl would hear him and come running, bowing with her running, calling out in her bowing, "At your service".
Her tanned foot, whose arch swept high and white, pointed artfully toward tapering toes -- toes like fingers, whose tips glowed white.
Well, what did that matter when the sun was shining and there were dreams to dream about?
His head undulated gradually, covering space, to come straining beneath the taut belly within the warmth of those teats.
In the meantime, six sandals, stained an ocher, the same color as Pompeii's shaved hair, edged up close to him.
she developed a peaches and cream complexion and a sunny disposition, and she asked for nothing more of life than that she be kept dry and comfortable and fed huge amounts of food at stated intervals and be carried to where she could watch activity going on around her.
She had been watching Maggie go from the washing machine to the baby to the stove and back again.
"Evadna Mae Evans got all her baby clothes from Best's Liliputian Bazaar in New York, and I'm sick and tired of hearing about Evadna Mae Evans".
"We could put up cribs on the second floor sleeping porch and turn the front bedroom into a playroom where it's nice and sunny, but of course it would entail quite a bit of running up and down stairs and Chris said you were to be careful about that".
"Oh, I'm sure I could do that", Maggie said.
"I wish I had three wishes", Maggie said.
The East was popularly supposed to have got the country into war and into depression, dragging the west along;
about keeping warm, about keeping well, about meeting the minor emergencies that came up once, twice, fifty times a day.
"You said a mouthful", Eugenia said grimly.
Hope wouldn't hear of it, and she took the heater back to Grandma's room, and Grandma took it back to Hope's room, and the two of them dragged it back and forth until Grandma tipped it over and almost set her bedspread on fire.
This ought to simplify Tolley's life".
"Pictures"?
Wait for me, Laban, I'll be dressed in half a second"!
"I'll decide that when I get there.
Put this man and woman asunder".
"'And let me go, for the night gathers me, and in the night shall no man gather fruit'".
He could put a stop to it, she told him again and again.
Her horse, rather.
Never concern for his wife's nerves, or the danger that the curled lip and big teeth might mark their own dear baby due in January.
Yet when the dear baby came, he had Tillie over here in a jiffy, and was as attentive and sweet and worried and happy when it was all over as any husband could have been.
Strong too, up on his legs when he was an hour old.
So had Miss Shawnee Rakestraw, full of criticisms about the changes here, giving thanks that her dear old father had gone to his Heavenly Rest last year, saying how much she enjoyed her boarding house in town in inclement weather, was looking forward to Quinzaine Spa this summer.
If he ever did such a thing again she'd die of shame.
Roy smiled -- he did have a nice smile -- took off his hat most politely, told her to hop in, and he'd give her a lift to Quinzaine.
The absolution of Doaty's last will and testament was proof enough of that;
there had been the dancing class -- Miss Craddock, thin and tireless, with her supervising wand and her everlasting one-two-three, one-two-three.
She turned on her side, finding the idea oppressive.
It had always seemed to rain there, and even the grass was gray.
The poodle came gleefully to Henrietta and begged for the flowers, supplicating the air with prayerful forepaws.
Now, some of the acknowledgments were cautious, but all were interested.
See half of'em in their graves before I choose my own coffin.
Henrietta murmured that she could quite see how it would, and he nodded approval of her womanly good sense.
"Not so well's I remember you", he said.
He gave a short hard laugh and looked at her knowingly.
He beat the air with his stick, and it fell from his claws and clattered on the stones.
Who ain't"?
He mumbled at her but let himself be led off inside the house, shuffling mightily to make it clear how weak and aged he was and how he was buffeted about by those who still had their wicked strength.
A small, rock-carved angel watched her from a nearby tomb, the only angel in the cemetery.
She was taller than most Japanese girls, and had the exquisitely willowy form of the Japanese girl who is lucky enough to be tall.
There were no depressingly serious cases: the ward doctor sometimes teamed up with the chaplain to serve as a marriage counselor -- sometimes the Navy sent people back to the States to preserve a marriage -- but mental health as a rule was very high.
And she wanted desperately to see someone she had known back there.
it intimated that the folks at home would never know about it, and, therefore, why not?
At least, he had the decency to blush, she thought.
The trouble was that there was no lasting satisfaction in this for Tommy.
Four little Japanese waitresses were murdering the English language at the counter -- Yuki Kobayashi happened to be one of them.
But she was learning that so long as she was in this country, and wore civilian dress in the Club, there would always be transient young men who would approach her with broken English.
She finished her hamburger and drank her coffee and paid her check;
And tomorrow she would take time to shop for the kimono her mother wanted to present to the young wife of a faculty member as a hostess gown.
The war found him much too early, and its perils -- and especially its awful boredom -- were best forgotten in horseplay and elaborate practical jokes, and even now Doc had never found any stabilizing, sobering influence.
This gave Doc the whole range of the naval establishment, and suited him quite well.
"I've got to run an errand on the way.
The telephone rang.
"Thanks", Owen said, "but Friday is a long way off and anything can happen".
"How do you do"?
There was a slight nervous twitch in the region of her left eye.
Forebearing, Owen kept his peace.
I do this work all on my own, because I understand the difficulties and I want to help these lay-sisters.
I don't think you'll find many active Christian salesmen.
"And whiskey", she said, smiling and blinking at the highball glasses.
"Leave a card or something.
He showered, shaved, dressed and went down to the dining room for breakfast.
The tables were all spinning, the dice rattling, the bar crowded.
"I wonder if they did eat each other at the end", Owen mused.
Owen asked.
He's my own horse, and what I collect from him I use on blackjack.
He ogled a long redhead with green eyes, but she was a shill with her money in front of her.
Buzz had on a Hawaiian shirt and was carrying some sun-tan oil and dark glasses.
Owen went over to the crap table and the dice were hot, but he couldn't pyramid with any consecutive success.
"Sounds like real love", Owen said.
"Very well".
In your opinion, who is this E. Andrews on the'certain'list"?
McKinley was overheard to say that he would like to get the knife into Spencer's possession and that" --
I swear it, sir".
Not a man on the brig, loyal or villainous, could be unaffected by the sight of seven men involved in the crime of mutiny.
Then we have informed a large number of our crew that when they reach the United States, they will be punished but that in the meanwhile, they may run loose and are expected to perform their jobs in good order.
"We are going to bring the Somers into New York harbor safe and sound".
Those of us present, the Perry brothers, Deslonde and the other midshipmen now have the responsibility of the Somers.
One did one's best and if fortune smiled, there was a reward.
And after a while, he dried his tears and walked the deck as a captain should with assurance and dignity.
"You are the only man aboard who can be in doubt".
The calmness and detachment of his tone suggested unawareness of how implicit was his own guilt in the words he had used to defend Cromwell.
"Spencer, if there is guilt, if you do not deny your own, how is it possible for Cromwell to be innocent?
"I am innocent, Captain", Cromwell said again.
Bits of trash lay in the roadway.
His hands were swinging at his sides, and he passed through the dingy market place with his back straight and, pivoting on his heel, he entered an old stone building.
An old man with a white beard and dressed in a long shabby coat, baggy trousers, and a black skullcap greeted us.
One white hand poised a stick above his desk.
The guttural language from the ghetto stopped.
They singsonged the portion at the teacher, who accompanied them in an off-key baritone and spurred them on with the stick.
"All day", she said.
He thanked me.
You had to have convictions to lie down in the road in all those clothes and appear as though you might wish to turn yourself out of your own home.
Your mother hated this way of life.
Nothing was too impossible for her to do when she wanted.
Ready to follow her impulse.
She pursed her lips, then clamped them together so tightly that I thought she was angry with me.
He came with his son.
Then his son did something" -- Rachel threw up her hands -- "I don't know what, but something, to an official here -- it was during the Mandate -- and the son was imprisoned.
"I know him".
She was pale and skinny;
He did not let her talk to people;
"What did I imagine"?
And Gratt Shafer would be in Memphis today for the wedding rehearsal and then tomorrow he would marry just like everybody knew he would, just like everybody knew all along.
He can even be a mild-voiced little-town guy with big-town ideas and level gray eyes and a heart even Houdini couldn't figure out, how it is unlocked.
You feel where he is and what he sees, and at night you feel when he is asleep or with the other woman, the one that never could love him the way you do, the one who got him because she didn't particularly give a damn whether she got him or didn't.
She looked out at the corn field, the great green deep acres of it rolled out like the sea in the field beyond the whitewashed fence bordering the grounds.
It was a place full of courage and hope and you were part of it.
She could not count the times Herman had rapped on the door, just a couple of bangs that shook the whole damned closet and might, someday, break away the pipe connections from the wall.
the book was a fine historical novel about Edward 3, and I did a week of research to get the details just right: the fifteenth-century armor, furnishings, clothes.
In the end, I did the same old picture, the naked girl and the guy in the doorway, only I put a Lord Byron shirt on the guy, gave him a sword instead of a pistol, and painted in furniture from the stills of a costume movie.
We used to kid him by saying he only painted that way because he was so nearsighted.
I hadn't done a serious picture in almost a year.
He was fifteen years older than I -- forty-four -- but full of spring and sparkle.
In the course of our talk, Askington mentioned that he spent part of each week studying.
He threw his arms wide, his face shining.
"Maybe you know him.
I went to a retrospective of his work when I was eighteen, and I thought he was a contemporary of Cezanne's".
And he is a great man.
But look at us today!
"Stimulating" was the word for it.
"Via must have it", I answered readily enough, recalling her last visit.
"She must have taken the registration when she went to Walter's.
I was so sure it was all temporary that we would all embrace, and then the lawyer would tear up all those things
With this movie-to-be in London, and new faces about her there, she would soon be a more tranquil, a wiser person, all the better for her stay out here.
When I came back from church at noon Mrs. Thaxter was turning into the Salter driveway.
It was Dolly and Mrs. Thaxter who were calling Via, everybody.
I assumed it was one of those hour-long conversations with Dolly or Constance, she comfortable in bed.
When a fisherman brought her up in his arms, still, small, as if she were a child asleep, I began to shudder with a terrible excitement, almost triumphant, that I still cannot account for.
Even now I am appalled at how little anyone knows of what they really are.
"We all feel guilty", I turned away from her coldly.
If they say I could have stopped her it is because they are ignorant of her last weeks of self-examination, her search into herself and its conclusions.
Via was in the parking lot when I went outside.
"I'm not a man who has many close intimate friends, Carla", he said, wanting her to know all about him.
"Did you make friends easily"?
"You seem to have read so much, you have a natural gift for words", he added, trying to flatter her vanity.
Would you be happier if I made up some stories about my life, told you some lies?
If he dwelt on the indignities he suffered he would lose all respect for her, and without the respect he might lose his view of her, too.
"They're an expensive English shoe for walking around a lot.
You look like a tweedy Englishman.
"There's a church you should see", she said.
"Carla, wake up", he said shaking her.
It was too bad he had no feeling himself for church.
Or a Protestant, or one of those amusing dogmatic atheists, or a strict orthodox Communist.
"Since we're having coffee with them this afternoon", he said, "I think I'll ask the daughter if we can pay her to come in every day to clean for us".
I can't help it".
She would turn to them, then turn to him, then turn again.
Just the same, the old woman said, she would write to her nephew in his boxcar and tell him she had met a nice man from his adopted country.
Yes, the Pope could die and quickly be made a saint.
Devout, orthodox and plain like a family she might meet in Brooklyn or Malta or Ireland.
Even he, wanting her, afraid of her and not knowing how to press his suit, feared the evil presences in her metabolism more.
When at last she could suffer the insult no longer, nor face the girl's scorn, she said in a voice overloud:
Speaking in a low voice of loathing she went up to the girl, who stood with the same upright, scornful bearing and did not even look at the knife.
But she did not move, taking the words and the sticks in that old defiance of her extreme youth until suddenly Pile of Clouds came howling among them, swinging a great bullhide whip.
He spat.
But do not dream.
Sssshoo"!
For a while the young men waited outside the lodge of TuHulHulZote, glorying in his harsh language as he talked with himself.
Walitzee was among them, and Sarpsis, and they wore red blankets which flew like broad wings in the air of their passing.
He saw himself in a superior reflection, and he was as a speeding arrow from the taut bow, hurtling with a mad grace, his maleness shining and scented with meadow rue.
They mounted their horses and rode off into the hills.
She had never been here at this hour.
This was her place.
I wish I were older or younger, Julia Bentley thought.
Below him, as if at the end of some remote tunnel, he heard the humming of a vacuum cleaner.
and there were his shoes, thank God, but his shirt was one terrible mess.
What time was it?
The surface, however, was perfectly white.
The voice issued from the cavern of the hall below.
You shouldn't be up, should you"?
"I'm going back to school", she answered.
"Well, won't you come in then, have a cup of coffee -- or something?
I won't be long".
He could feel a pulse pounding against the bandages.
She went ahead of him.
Carrie seemed more affectionate, but obviously Julia had respected his request.
"Does it"?
Yes, there was the key.
Don't work too hard".
His bandages seemed on fire.
For God's sake, don't worry.
Unfortunately it turned out to be me, but I wouldn't quite put it that way to the boss.
What?
A strange relationship between Joan Fulbright and himself.
It wasn't just the obnoxious birds that had ruffled her own feathers, of course;
Susan would be visiting her grandmother for only a few days, but even at seven she was a prudent soul;
It'll be only a couple of weeks before she finds a home for them in Paris -- but even so, she wants you to know that she's awfully grateful".
Lucy suspected that Myra would never have come home if Gregg, Myra's husband, hadn't gone out to fetch her.
It seemed to Lucy that all their married life, she and Jim had been doing nothing but rescue his sister from the constant crises that were her way of life.
"That's a horrible thing to accuse her of"!
Then, from within the still, sleeping house, the telephone had rung;
Lucy was sick of it.
to her, each of her dolls was a real person with a living heart.
there ought to be a limit to sharing, too.
At the feeding station, the raffish group of cowbirds again bobbed and gobbled over the ground, but now, gorgeous among them, was a beautiful red cardinal, radiant in its feathered vestments.
She wondered, with a baffled feeling of helplessness.
Out in the hall, the upstairs phone shrilled, and the small ghost vanished.
she relaxed a little, and some of the tension went out of her.
Puzzled, Lucy stared at the flowered wallpaper;
"Cathy was in tears, of course, and I heard Myra say,'Now be good, and at Christmastime I'll send you a wonderful present from Paris'".
"I'll keep Cathy for two weeks.
She trudged along slowly, both hands clutching a tired teddy bear.
The swirling sand made Quint's limp more pronounced.
Here was a perfect place to lie down and make believe.
It happened two weeks ago, the night before his father left on a business trip to South America.
Dr. Fortman says swimming would help your leg.
He called her "Fatso".
"Aw, shut up", he said.
She wore a bathing suit like his mother's, no straps on the shouders.
"Sure.
Her cough sounded like cloth ripping.
I've got this leg brace".
Hey, will you look at that"?
He's been sick lately.
See you around, Mister Squint".
Naturally curly hair runs in my family.
they danced on the sand till your blood got hot and danced with them.
("What did one tonsil say to the other tonsil?
He hadn't.
Like Willie Mays in the outfield.
Wednesday morning it happened.
The baby can have an early nap.
Sweating so much?
Didn't John Cooper, after all this time, deserve something better of life?
You saw them always together those years.
There was no connection between the two events, because Bobbie wasn't rich, either, though he was more aggressive than John.
Bobbie and Linda looked magnificent at their wedding.
Others thought he couldn't stand seeing Linda, Mrs. Bobbie Evans, still so beautiful, so much in command of everything.
When there was bridge at Edythe's house, the cards shuffled like wet graham crackers and the food probably was wet graham crackers.
He and Linda settled down to being social leaders, and Linda managed to look a little more beautiful each year.
it was what she had been thinking herself.
Of course, he had done wonders.
Bobbie said something about damned Pittsburghers sticking together, and Linda got angry at him.
Bobbie, with Linda behind him, will have plenty of other opportunities.
She called then to say she had a baby-sitter for that night.
"What's wrong"?
Old Mr. Thom is already down on Wally, and we simply can't afford to get Ken mad at us" --
"All right", I said.
I just came over to make sure everything was all right".
I told Nadine everything was fine, and that I'd be getting on home.
So I told her Mrs. Roberts would pay her in the morning, and she scooted off to her own apartment.
"You're crazy", Wally said thickly.
We're ruined and he's going to get out if I have to throw him down the stairs" --
All we own is Francie's bedroom set and the televison-record player and we even owe on them.
She collapsed against me, as if everything inside her snapped.
Thankful I wasn't Nadine.
"But Ken got coy and wouldn't make any promises.
They had not only spent every cent -- they were in debt up to their necks, owing on everything they owned.
There is one big way we can help them.
"Nadine was always too good to live in a little house like this!
To my way of thinking, he was scared sick.
But it couldn't go on forever -- A couple of weeks, Chris had said.
"Those damn punks -- taking work away from men who need it".
It was just going to be one of those days.
Especially in the way Gladdy had turned out.
She'd been out with Pete the night before and her gay chatter about their date lightened my mood a little.
Pete came to meet us when we stepped out of the elevator on Seven -- he'd had a case of post-operative shock, but it was all taken care of now.
They'd cleaned her up some, of course, and she'd pretty much slept off her drunk.
In a low voice, Dick filled us in
This was one time I'd have gladly broken my own rule, but habit was too strong.
"I been spotting a little now and then", she said quietly, no emotion in her voice.
One of my private patients was being admitted and I went in to see her settled.
Maybe it's nothing, maybe it's intraepithelial or in situ -- can't take any chances".
"I just got through seeing one of you guys.
Actually, I rather doubt that we'll have to do this.
"You shouldn't tell your little secrets outside of the patient's door", she said.
A long, long way down.
"Surprised, baby?
Just let me outta here" --
"I never asked you for any favors, Joe", she went on, "but I'm asking one now.
She made me welcome.
While a hazy part of my mind concentrated on swimming down, a clear part sorted over recent events, among them my only positive act in a long time.
In less than an hour I had gotten a hotel, showered, shaved and was out on the Champs Elysees in a fresh uniform.
I stared.
She was a nymphomaniac, of course, the poor girl.
The next morning a little cognac made me feel better -- but what can you do in Paris on Sunday morning?
Sometime earlier the weather had turned cold and it was snowing.
Without it she would have been drab and limp.
Hardly glancing at her, I smiled a bleak one which said, Thanks, baby, but I'd rather be alone.
This took me so funny I had to look at her.
Anyway, I pulled a bottle of Remy Martin out of my topcoat, drew the cork, and passed it to her.
Somehow she was attractive.
She had a funny little scar on her stomach, on the left side.
"J'ai faim"!
"Why, to brush your teeth".
Her name was Suzanne, and mine Stephen.
To my immense relief, she changed the subject in the next sentence: "Shall we go to the Louvre today"?
"A bullet", she answered.
I thought that was pretty humorous, but I didn't laugh.
The very night after her father's funeral she had thought, though never admitted to a soul: Now I can go.
It was not yet complete: workmen were unloading the potted plants from a truck and placing them in banked rows on the steps above.
how could you be both at once?
No return address whatsoever.
He was full of heavy family reminiscence.
There they all did their uttermost to help Cousin Elec get a cramp out of his foot.
"I just hope this happens to you someday", said Cousin Elec, who was not at his best.
But there is more in this than meets the eye.
They wore shoes with pointed toes, odd to American eyes, and narrow trousers, and their hair looked unnaturally black and slick.
There she walked to the far left and leaned on a vacant section of banister, while the vendor picked himself another well-dressed American lady, carrying a camera and a handsome alligator bag, ascending the steps alone.
They would not care if all of Europe were to sink into the ocean tomorrow.
She indicated a spot a little distance away.
My folks and my faith protected me from things like that.
My love for Johnnie was young and clean -- how could I possibly compete with a woman like that, who didn't hesitate to use her sex.
I guess she was between affairs or something, but anyway, she had set her sights on Johnnie, my Johnnie.
But the only love I was giving him was the pure kind.
"And you fall for a lumber jockey".
"Or I could visit Lucille Warren".
Johnnie and I had been innocent in our love, and that was the way I wanted to keep it.
I wanted him, with a terrifying fierceness.
It was as blissful and fulfilling a night as any bride ever experienced.
Idiot's delight, I later discovered.
It wasn't Johnnie's fault that he was hopelessly tied down to that frightful woman who did her best to make his life unbearable.
And hadn't I rescued him from Lucille Warren?
"Mmm".
The first meeting was held in Faneuil Hall, a great big place where we were able to meet members from all the other states.
I couldn't help laughing with him.
Of course I enjoyed'most anything if I did it with Johnnie.
"Aw, come on".
A shot of orange juice would make everything seem better.
It was still raining, and Mrs. Kirby's cottages bloomed through the gray haze like the names they bore, vivid blue and green and magenta.
The doctor could call it anything from flu to beriberi;
She bellowed triumphantly.
Charlie forbore to mention that the wet was somewhat universal, Peony being less than weatherproof.
Next morning, he found a note in the refrigerator.
"Not onions", came the answer the following day.
"Why does this girl keep a sweater in the refrigerator"?
"I hope so.
But then, neither was peaked.
The sun, blazing hot as prophesied, was far from kind to Mrs. Kirby's varicolored properties.
The note was propped against his pill bottles and bore a postscript: "You're not at all well, are you"?
Charlie grinned.
There were pink bathing suits on blondes, and browny-haired girls in red or black or green bathing suits.
"Of course I don't mind", she answered.
Charlie couldn't see Vivian offering any hand lotion.
"Broiled out.
The new Riverside pitcher turned out to have an overhand fast ball that took a hop.
Mike caught the ball just as the catcher slid into the bag.
But Mike Deegan was boiling mad now.
This so infuriated Deegan that he spun around and said: "I'll get that little bastard.
The left fielder threw and it was a good one.
Then the manager called for a doctor.
Eddie Lee moved over to Mike Deegan's side.
"That's what you say".
He got back into the batter's box and on the next pitch dropped into the dirt again.
He shouted to the pitcher.
Riverside and Anniston players rushed out on the field.
The other players were undressing quietly.
"Listen, wise guy, if you think I'm gonna do all the fighting for this ball club you're crazy".
Phil followed Eddie into the office and shut the door.
"But it does confirm what I've suspected all along".
I'm not steering you wrong.
The heart, Phil.
Baseball's no cinch.
There were other clubs in this league.
Outside in the dressing room, Frankie Ricco sat on the bench dressed in his street clothes.
"I don't know", Phil said.
Phil did not answer.
Phil nodded.
"I'm not worried about it", Phil said.
At dinner one night, when he was fourteen, Richard announced, "There is only one god".
The week at home was not comfortable.
Richard left America with his clothes, his biwa and his image of Acala and, on the freighter which took him to Japan, he plucked at the biwa, trying to make the sounds he wrought resemble an ancient Japanese tune he had once heard.
She convinced him that he ought to be a member of some of the small tea-drinking parties she held at her rooms and in the end he complied with her wishes, although it was only rarely that he added anything to the random conversations.
Sashimi was In, Samuel Burns had suggested, because it was too far Out to stay Out, even if it was a little pretentious.
Sam, I thought you knew everything about Tokyo.
"Twenty-two or twenty-three".
He had almost given up when he realized that the dropping of his biwa into the icy jowls of the black Pacific was the memory for which he had been searching.
He left the pool and climbed the steep stone stairs to the temple, and the sense of familiarity with the place would not leave him.
But the process of refusing to think about it was an active reminder in itself and he couldn't rid himself of a consciousness of it throughout the day.
The tractor was heavily loaded with the weight of the plow turning the earth, and the tractor stopped instantly.
The eyes were clear and black and the slender body was arched slightly.
I felt good and satisfied, looking at the snake.
Stop it, I shouted, but the lumbering and mighty tractor roared on, above anything I could say.
He was eleven and we had done many things together.
"No, you cannot", I said, pushing aside the water jar he offered to me.
"This snake was very beautiful.
"You are talking foolishly", I said.
The snake was hideous, and I remembered, even then, the cool, bright fire of it only a little while before, and I thought perhaps the boy had always seen it dead and hideous like that, and had not even stopped to see the beauty of it in its life.
"I'm going to tell everybody how big a snake I killed".
I thought, you little brute, you nasty, selfish, little beast, with brutality already developed within that brain and in those eyes.
His son who had never held an office in any organization in the eighteen years of his life.
Hanford College, Little Ivy League, had no room for football players with low grades.
He didn't have to be told his son looked like him.
How do you tell a college president that your son doesn't know what he wants to do?
He finished with a flurry of good wishes to Hanford College and signed the letter.
Anne had it.
It's our pleasure!
He got a science scholarship to Yale".
No clear motivation.
"Board meeting tonight, Cady"?
Cady Partlow's head came up like that of the proverbial fire horse.
"Don't be too sure, Dad.
You do seem somewhat tattered".
Cady handed her the letter, drank his coffee and waited with what he suddenly realized was belligerence.
No, Cady, he made second team.
Geology, You and Dave used his rock collection for the bottom of the fishpond six years ago!
He's -- he's just there, that's all".
"Maybe I am padding it a bit, Anne", he said.
"It's Dave who is applying to Hanford College.
"Dave has qualities of leadership.
And once begun, had grown to such monstrous proportions.
He remembered the first time he saw her, standing across the room at a party.
He saw later that they had made their marriage too quickly.
In the morning the shorts were where he had left them.
I can be as stubborn as she can, he thought;
He strode to answer the bell.
At last there was a void no one could fill.
He considered the sober possibility.
The battle had to be fought.
Some tried to ignore the blot on the bedroom's countenance.
Martin would have liked to break the man's neck.
He fell into the habit of putting his clothes in drawers and closets, so his life might impinge as little as possible on hers.
Everyone would know why;
Instantaneously he would have won an immeasurable moral victory, for if she picked up, say, a pair of her panties, she might just as well lift his shorts lying alongside -- the expenditure of energy was almost the same.
The knowledge kept him from analyzing his scheme to death, and took him through the last hours of that night in a peace of exalted fanaticism.
They breakfasted together, but Martin did not refer to his triumph, and Dolores found a great deal to do in the kitchen, bobbing up and down from the table so that talk was impossible.
But not any more.
Probably Mr. Willis was influenced toward deeper involvement by familial loyalty and a concern for his grandchildren.
Cursed with a shaky management and dissatisfied stockholders, it was ripe for amalgamation, and Freddy's instinct was to keep growing by stock mergers and small expenditure of cash, and never mind inevitable consequences.
The conversion will cost a fortune.
And Gerry.
"One shouldn't mix commercial affairs with patriarchy, but in this case I have no choice.
The Wisconsin plant turned out to be a white elephant.
Initially, Hamrick's reaction to A-Z going into the passenger car market was discouraging.
I'll have to call in the brain trust.
You're -- you're Arthur Willis.
"Your garden, God damn it"!
They tried to sell'em on economy and simple merit.
Financing emerged as the main obstacle.
Why won't you give me a chance"?
Nobody else showed pleasure.
Finally, at Ye Olde Gasse Filling Station on Avocado Avenue, they learned that their man, having paused to get oil for his car, had asked about the route to San Diego.
The jail authorities -- attaching no particular significance to the episode -- offered Barco whisky to revive him;
"Barco, we've got the goods on you!
"That worm a murderer?
"
The police captain chortled.
Although it was a mere fragment of the victim's remains, it was enough.
I studied Welch closely as the trial progressed for any hint which might give me a lead as to how he might be thwarted.
Naturally, Viola had no wish to remain, but she felt she couldn't leave so soon after her arrival, in all politeness to her host.
And here it was!
In fact, it was not until the King of Spain had visited at Pickfair that Mary and Doug were beckoned to cross the sacred barriers which separate Los Angeles and Pasadena from the hoi-polloi.
I was saved from making the decision as the phone rang, and the girls were upon me instantly.
I discovered that the girls had shrewdly vacated the kitchen, and were playing quietly in the living room.
They had been kind to us and we were indebted to them for one or two pleasant dinners, and for information as to where to shop, which dentist, doctor, plumber, and sitter to call (not that there was much of a choice, since Catatonia was just a village;
Bermuda was not in style that year.
Their two boys were "well adjusted" and, like their parents, always did the right thing at the right time and damn the consequences.
You should hear the reverence in Fran's voice when she said "Baccarat" or "Steuben" or "Madame Alexander".
But dear me, no;
Her uniform was of rich, raw silk, in a shade which matched her hair, skin, housepaint, and cats, and since she was so thin as to be almost shapeless, she rather resembled a frozen fish stick.
I wouldn't have missed it for anything.
people who would give their teeth for a chance to get on "Person to Person";
"Bananas"!
I'm a stranger in paradise".
The litigation was costly and seemingly endless.
Henry Ford spoke of me as "utterly astounding".
Such sweeping distractions are hardly conducive to "Oscar" winning performances.
More than once I was confronted by professional gamblers, "bookies", loan "sharks", gangsters, "thugs" and "finger men" -- people of a class I did not even know existed -- to repay my husband's staggering losses, "or else" I shuddered to think that someone so dear to me could even associate with such a sinister milieu.
Yet I adored this man, Letch Feeley, why, I cannot say.
As I was playing Mother Cabrini, the picture was actually "all mine", with nearly every scene built around me.
By the time the film was released we were three million dollars over-spent, war was imminent and the public apparently had forgotten all about Mother Cabrini.
He was laughed off the screen.
"Bookies, booze and babes", Momma said bluntly.
He had almost forgotten them, although they had played such an important part in his early dreams.
He would wake up in the middle of the night and fret about it.
And then again perhaps the reason why he couldn't find time to do any of the things he had planned to do after retirement: reading, roaming, gardening, lying on his back and watching the clouds go by, was because he didn't want to do them.
Thus committed, action might follow.
He was glad.
He sat down on an old box and focused on the problem.
How could anyone know what to do with an assortment like that?
No, he didn't know of any handyman-carpenter.
At the same time he watched carefully to see how one attached pegboards to stone walls, but Mr. Blatz was usually standing in his line of vision and it all seemed so simple that he didn't like to disclose his ignorance.
Before you use'em the light company's got to run in a heavy line and you'll need a new fuse box for the extra circuits.
"I was just sayin'to him that I'm all ready now for anything else you want done".
Mr. Blatz was already taking measurements for a shelf above the kitchen sink.
"Did you or did you not say what I said you said, because Jane said you never said what I said"?
Questions like this, framed in verbal fog, are perhaps the only kind that have ever stumped an experienced politician.
This creates an amusing effect because its position in a sentence seems to make it apply to the wrong word.
In recent years gagwriters have discovered this brand of blunder and thus the misplaced modifier has acquired a new habitat in the gagline.
Son and Daughter of Local Couple Married".
He kissed her back.
Her first day at work she was puzzled by an entry in the doctor's notes on an emergency case.
Another specimen of such double-entendre is illustrated by a woman in a department store.
This baffling lack of distinct details recalls the secretary whose employer was leaving the office and told her what to answer if anyone called in his absence.
"It's only that I like to know where you go".
A politician was approached by a man seeking the office of a minor public official who had just died.
"I am", he said.
Replies to requests for character reference are notorious for their evasive double-entendre.
An excited woman was making an emergency call over the phone: "Doctor, please come over right away.
"Comedy didn't die, it just went crazy.
"Just barely", he said, and repeated his paraphrase: "The time has come", the walrus said, "To speak of manic things, Of shots and shouts, and sealing dooms Of commoners and kings".
"It doesn't drown out the dialogue", I explained.
"They require, for existence, a brave spirit and a high heart, and where do you find these?
We sat for a while drinking in silence.
He asked.
It now means ominous, as when one speaks of a funny sound in the motor;
My host went over and stared out the window at his peacocks;
The rhinos would panic, screaming help!
Why in the name of his non-God doesn't he vary it a bit"?
"The human ego being what it is", I put in, "science fiction has always assumed that the creatures on the planets of a thousand larger solar systems than ours must look like gigantic tube-nosed fruit bats.
Complete power not only corrupts but it also attracts the mad.
He was very rude.
and they had told their mother about the tumbles.
And when they had got to their little lawn, they had had a most twirlingly magnificent time.
She would sometimes even get a little hard on you, she took you so seriously.
They both laughed and winked back.
they could tell exactly what it was.
Their father, when he came back from those many business trips, just bumped their mother on the forehead with his lips and asked if anybody had thought to mix the martinis and put them in the electric icebox.
But that wasn't very funny, either.
"I'm sorry, Mrs. Minks", Arlene said in a tone so low you could hardly hear it.
That tap had a slight bangish quality.
and she would snatch the finger-held half of the radish out to where she could inspect it.
I have no notion why I reached.
But she was.
the two youngest in our family always had to be brought in and put through tricks for his entertainment.
Possibly, the coconut-containing dessert had brought up bitter problems of administration.
One of the children maneuvered out of range of the poking index finger.
This was delivered in a forthright way, without coyness and over-pretended interest -- an admirable way with children.
She could see that Mr. Gorboduc was intrigued;
Marcellus, the hero, is beset from all sides by the problems of approaching manhood.
The night he saw it, a rather unpleasant situation arose when the soloist refused to approach the armadillo, complaining -- in ad-lib -- that "it smelled".
For the remainder of the movie, Chancellor Neitzbohr proceeds to lash the piano stool with a slat from a Venetian blind that used to hang in the pre-war Reichstag.
As he leads the Neurenschatz Skolkau Orchestra, Schlek gives a tremendously inspired performance of both the Baslot and Rattzhenfuut concertos, including the controversial Tschilwyk cadenza, which was included at the conductor's insistence.
They are relentlessly rebuffed on all sides by a waitress, the police, and an intruding government tutor.
This brief resume hardly does the book justice, but I heartily recommend it to all those who are engages with the major problems of our time.
The battle of the drib-drool continues, but most of New York's knowing sophisticates of Abstract Expressionism are stamping their feet impatiently in expectation of V (for Vindication) Day, September first, when Augustus Quasimodo's first one-man show opens at the Guggenheim.
The collective by which I address you in the title above is neither patronizing nor jocose but an exact industrial term in use among professional thieves.
As you've doubtless forgotten the circumstances in the press of more recent depredations, permit me to recapitulate them briefly.
The foregoing, aided by several clues I'll withhold to keep you on your toes, will pursue you with a tenacity worthy of Inspector Javert, but before they close in, gird yourselves, I repeat, for a vengeance infinitely more pitiless.
Very peculiar retribution indeed seems to overtake such jokers.
Have you ever heard of Thuggee?
Sort of remorseless, isn't it?
I learned, for example, that he made a practice of yapping at dogs he encountered and, in winter, of sprinkling salt on the icy pavement to scarify their feet.
And how right she was.
Not long ago, I rode down with him in an elevator in Radio City;
My advice, if you live long enough to continue your vocation, is that the next time you're attracted by the exotic, pass it up -- it's nothing but a headache.
